Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5407 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 2015 No. 116 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 23, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable J OHN J. 
DUNCAN , Jr. to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Brian Bohlman, The Har-
vest Church, Lexington, South Caro-lina, offered the following prayer: 
O God, our help in ages past and our 
hope for years to come, we assemble today with humility in our hearts as we ask for Your blessing upon the af-fairs of this House. 
We also remember the words of Presi-
dent Lincoln, when he said: ‘‘I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere else to go.’’ 
So, Lord, we thank You, that when 
we lack wisdom and strength, that You give generously to all who ask without finding fault. 
May our elected officials and leaders 
work together towards the common in-terests of the American people. May they act justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with their God. 
Lord, we also ask for Your protection 
over our servicemembers and families, both abroad and at home. Strengthen them when they are weary, increase their power when weak. 
Continue to bless our Nation and the 
work of this House. For your honor and glory, O Lord, we pray. 
Amen. THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I object to 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T ROTT ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. TROTT led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING CHAPLAIN BRIAN 
BOHLMAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) is recognized for 
1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I am grateful to recognize a constituent, Chaplain Lieutenant Colo-
nel Brian Bohlman, as our guest chap-lain today. 
Chaplain Bohlman, a native of Bel 
Air, Maryland, now resides in West Co-lumbia, South Carolina. Lieutenant Colonel Bohlman is a dedicated mem-ber of the South Carolina Air National Guard. 
After enlisting in the Air Force in 
1992, he faithfully served in the Air Force and Air Force Reserves before joining the South Carolina Air Na-tional Guard. On Active Duty, Chap-lain Bohlman provided ministry at home and abroad during Operations Noble Eagle, Enduring Freedom, and Iraqi Freedom. 
He is the author of ‘‘So Help Me 
God,’’ which is a historical review of the oath of the military office, and ‘‘For God and Country,’’ which dis-cusses the call for military chaplaincy. 
In recognition of his service and pas-
toral care, Chaplain Bohlman was awarded the Samuel Stone Award as the Air National Guard Chaplain of the Year in 2013, a well-deserved honor. 
Chaplain Bohlman is also the founder 
and director of Operation Thank You, a nonprofit dedicated to inspiring our servicemembers and military families. 
As a 28-year veteran of the National 
Guard and grateful parent of three members currently serving in the Guard, I know firsthand of Chaplain Bohlman’s dedicated service. 
I am grateful to welcome Chaplain 
Brian Bohlman, his wife, Shelley, and his daughter, Mary Ellen, to the Cap-itol today. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the may the President, by his ac-tions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to five further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.000 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5408 July 23, 2015 
requests for 1-minute speeches on each 
side of the aisle. 
f 
OPPOSE THE IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, this head-
line is dated July 21, 2025. It is what our children and grandchildren will read in the history books in 10 years. ‘‘Due to Obama Agreement, Iran Devel-ops Nuclear Arsenal. Rogue Nation Now Threatening To Strike United States, Destroy Israel, & Attack Other U.S. Allies.’’ 
In addition to creating a nuclear 
Iran, this deal will also create an arms race. It will create a means through which to finance more terrorism. It will create more tension because we only have ‘‘managed access inspec-tions.’’ 
What this deal will not change is 
Iran’s behavior. They will continue to hate us. They will continue to call for ‘‘death to America.’’ 
This deal is a big gamble, a gamble 
the United Nations is apparently will-ing to take, but one that we in Con-gress must reject. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
opposing this deal. We can never allow this terrible headline to become a re-ality. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PRATT & WHIT-
NEY ON THEIR 90TH ANNIVER-SARY 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Pratt & Whitney on their 90th anniversary. 
Since 1925, Pratt & Whitney has been 
a cornerstone of Connecticut’s and the Nation’s economy. In the last 90 years, men and women from across the coun-try and in my State have designed and produced the most technologically ad-vanced and dependable engines on the market. 
Their F–135 engine powers Lockheed 
Martin’s F–35 Joint Strike Fighter, and their new geared turbofan engine is setting the standard for performance in commercial aviation. 
Pratt & Whitney’s engineers, manu-
facturers, designers, and technicians have fostered Connecticut’s innovation ecosystem for almost a century. We could not be more proud that they call Connecticut home. 
Congratulations, Pratt & Whitney. 
We look forward to another 90 years of aviation leadership. 
f 
WE MUST ADDRESS SANCTUARY 
CITIES 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, the House 
will soon consider legislation to ad-dress sanctuary cities, local policies that skirt Federal policies regarding the detention of undocumented individ-uals who have broken the law, a policy that led recently to a terrible tragedy. We should address this. It is right we do so. 
But I rise out of concern for the en-
forcement mechanism in the current draft of the legislation. The current draft would penalize sanctuary cities by reducing assistance to law enforce-ment, the very men and women we rely on each day to keep us safe. 
Consider the irony. To promote 
greater public safety in law enforce-ment, we are threatening to reduce as-sistance to law enforcement, when it is commissions and councils that actu-ally adopt policies regarding sanctuary cities. This is simply wrong. 
We can do better. I anticipate voting 
for passage because we need to address this issue nationally, but I ask my col-leagues today to work together. Let’s replace this shortsighted provision that wrongfully punishes those who serve us each day on the front lines of law enforcement, men and women that, months ago, we lauded on this House floor during Police Week for the fine work they do. 
Let’s not reduce resources for law en-
forcement. Let’s ensure that we are able to increase and continue to invest in local law enforcement. 
f 
SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD 
LABELING ACT OF 2015 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to H.R. 1599, which would nullify states’ rights to label ge-netically modified organisms, com-monly known as GMOs. The House will vote on this bill today. 
I share the concerns of many of my 
constituents in California’s 13th Con-gressional District about the prolifera-tion of untested, genetically modified foods entering our food supply. 
I also share the concerns about the 
risks to farmers, the environment, and public health created by the rushed commercialization of genetically engi-neered crops and genetically modified food products. 
American consumers deserve the best 
information available when it comes to food choices that they make for them-selves and their families. Already, some 64 nations around the world re-quire GMO labeling. 
We need to be on the side of trans-
parency and the safety of the people we represent. That is why I support legis-lation like Representative P
ETER  
DEFAZIO’s Genetically Engineered 
Food Right-to-Know Act, H.R. 913, which would require the labeling of ge-netically engineered foods at the Fed-eral level. 
So I hope my colleagues will defeat 
H.R. 1599 and move forward with Fed-eral efforts requiring adequate and 
clear labeling for the foods American families are eating. 
f 
FINDING A CURE FOR DIABETES 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today on behalf of the 1.25 million American children and adults with type 1 diabetes. 
As Members of Congress, we have the 
privilege of meeting with individuals from our home States advocating on various issues. All come from different backgrounds and different experiences; however, they all have one thing in common: they come to Washington looking to change our Nation. 
Last week, I had the honor of meet-
ing with 11-year-old Skye Archibald from Exeter, New Hampshire, who was in Washington as part of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation’s Chil-dren’s Congress. Skye was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at the young age of 9 and, since then, has been vital in changing the stigma attached with dia-betes, raising money to help find a cure, and advocating at both the Fed-eral and State level. In fact, her hard 
work and dedication has resulted in the signing of a bill by New Hampshire’s own Governor. 
It is because of bright and deter-
mined advocates like Skye that Wash-ington can begin working better for New Hampshire. And it is because of Skye that I recently signed on to H.R. 1427, a bipartisan bill to help provide increased coverage of a vital tool that monitors sugar levels to help save the lives of those with diabetes. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE AND 
LEGACY OF MS. TOMMIE WIL-LIAMS 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the life and legacy of a very inspirational Grand Prairie resident from the Dalworth community, Ms. Tommie Williams. 
Ms. Williams worked as an educator 
in several capacities next-door in the Arlington Independent School District. She served as a first, third, and seventh grade teacher, a basketball coach, a cheerleading sponsor, and vice presi-dent of curriculum at Sam Houston High School. In addition, Ms. Williams was the first African American admin-istrator and the first parent to serve as a community ombudsman in the Ar-lington Independent School District. 
In honor of her outstanding service 
and education, the Tommie B. Wil-liams Elementary School in Arlington was dedicated in her honor in 1991. 
Although we lost a great educator in 
the Arlington Independent School Dis-trict and many in the Dalworth com-munity lost a great neighbor, her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.002 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5409 July 23, 2015 
friends, the students that she taught, 
the parents, the faculty will always re-member her passion and her belief in a brighter future for our youngest mem-bers of society. 
f 
ENFORCE THE LAW AGAINST 
SANCTUARY CITIES 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise in favor of H.R. 3009, Enforce the Law Against Sanctuary Cities Act. 
Why does it take tragedy after trag-
edy before this Congress and America gets behind the idea that we don’t have to have more tragedies like Kate Steinle in San Francisco or one that almost may be forgotten about, Jamiel Shaw, Jr., in southern California some years ago, all at the hands of illegal immigrants that should not be here, should be deported? Why do we keep doing this? 
Indeed, sanctuary cities not only 
don’t enforce the law, they inten-tionally cause people to be in harm’s way because they are not enforcing the law. Denying funding to them is one strong message to sanctuary cities, over 300 of them now in the United States, that they are doing the wrong thing and needlessly endangering or losing the lives of Kate Steinle to ille-gal immigrants that are here causing this crime. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 
3009, and for the Senate to timely take it up and pass it as well. 
f 
b1015 
SANCTUARY CITIES 
(Mr. CA ´RDENAS asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, watch-
ing the news lately, it is nothing but Donald Trump and his baseless rhet-oric. He has attacked a war hero, but first attacked an entire country of peo-ple. Donald Trump is trying to get into the White House, but it looks like he has already infiltrated Congress. 
This bill on the floor of this House 
today has Donald Trump written all over it. This Donald Trump bill treats people like criminals who haven’t even been arrested yet. 
Congress doesn’t need to tell our 
local police and sheriffs how to keep us safe. Decades of research shows that this kind of bill will only make our neighborhoods less safe. 
The safety of our families should not 
be a pawn to please Donald Trump. Re-publicans should work to fix our bro-ken immigration system that will make our neighborhoods safer and su-percharge our economy. 
I stand with the Major County Sher-
iffs’ Association and the Fraternal Order of Police and oppose this bill. HIGHWAY TRUST FUND REFORM 
ACT 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last week 
the House passed legislation that would fund the Nation’s highway and transit programs through December 18. 
Transportation and infrastructure 
are key components of economic devel-opment efforts in North Carolina, and this fiscally responsible bill keeps im-portant road and bridge projects going in the short term while discussions continue on a longer term bill. 
Earlier this year I introduced legisla-
tion to help the Federal Government responsibly manage taxpayer money and stretch the limited funds available to the highway trust fund by exempt-ing it from the Davis-Bacon Act’s out-dated, wasteful labor requirements for Federal-aid highway and public trans-portation projects. 
The Davis-Bacon Act was passed in 
1931 and requires Federal contractors and subcontractors to pay the local prevailing wage for construction projects on which the Federal Govern-ment is a party. 
For decades, it has been driving up 
the cost of Federal highway projects by mandating artificially high wages. It is time to get America back on track by spending wisely, not carelessly. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on 
August 6, just a few days from now, America will have the privilege of cele-brating the 50th anniversary of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, with the sadness to know that that Voting Rights Act has been gutted by the United States Su-preme Court with instructions for this Congress to respond to the rights of Americans to vote. 
I am very proud of the words that 
Justice Ginsburg said: It is common sense that, if polio is on the demise, why get rid of the polio vaccination. 
Voting prohibitions and prohibiting 
people from voting has decreased over the decades, but it has because of the Voting Rights Act. Frankly, we are doing a great disservice. 
When there are rebel flags being 
flown to show racial divide or monu-ments that represent very dire com-ments about those who are slaves, it looks as if this Congress could bring a voting rights legislation to be voted on for all Americans to be able to vote. 
What a sad state of affairs when we 
cannot have a real vote on the floor of the House to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act, which many of us have worked on even from the last Congress. 
I finally conclude by saying on this 
floor will be a bill dealing with what we call sanctuary cities, taking advan-tage of an enormous tragedy of which I 
offer my deepest sympathy. 
The National League of Cities, the 
Fraternal Order of Police, and the na-tional Major County Sheriffs’ Associa-tion are saying that the bill dealing with sanctuary cities is misguided. 
It penalizes law enforcement, and it 
doesn’t allow the common sense that should have been issued in San Fran-cisco, pick up the phone and commu-nicate. 
I think we should do the right kind of 
law in this body, not laws that will un-dermine the very principles of democ-racy, equality, and justice. 
Pass a Voting Rights Act now. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 23, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 23, 2015 at 9:32 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 1599. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3009, ENFORCE THE LAW FOR SANCTUARY CITIES ACT 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 370 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 370 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3009) to amend section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deny assistance under such section to a State or political subdivision of a State that prohibits its officials from taking cer-tain actions with respect to immigration. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.003 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5410 July 23, 2015 
as I may consume. During consider-
ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on House Resolution 370, currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I am pleased to bring this rule for-ward on behalf of the Rules Committee. 
The rule provides for consideration of 
H.R. 3009, the Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act. The Rules Com-mittee met yesterday evening and heard testimony from both the chair-man of the Judiciary Committee, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Immigration, in addition to several Members interested in this important issue. 
This rule brought forward by the 
committee is a closed rule and provides for 1 hour of general debate, equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. 
We are bringing this rule forward 
today because both the safety of Amer-ican people and the integrity of our system of laws depends on its passage. No institution, body, or agency has the right to selectively apply the law or se-lectively enforce the law. 
The same individuals who claim ex-
emption from our immigration laws de-mand equality under our criminal laws. Do we really want to live in a country where an agency claims the authority to pass political judgment on you and your circumstance to determine if the law applies to you? 
This is precisely what the adminis-
tration is proposing. Not only are their actions contrary to public safety, they fundamentally undermine the most basic concept of law. 
I believe that sanctuary cities are 
unacceptable. That is why I was a part of the effort to prohibit them in Geor-gia and why I am so committed to con-tinuing this fight here in Congress. 
The tragic and preventible death of 
Kate Steinle in San Francisco at the hands of an illegal immigrant is the latest example of why we have to ad-dress sanctuary cities and enforce the law. Hear me, Mr. Speaker. Kate is not the only victim. 
According to the U.S. Sentencing 
Commission, of 74,911 Federal crimes in fiscal year 2014, 27,505, or 36 percent, were committed by those here ille-gally. 
During an 8-month period in 2014, 
sanctuary cities released more than 8,000 criminal illegal immigrant offend-ers the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement was seeking to deport. 
According to a new report released 
by the Center for Immigration Studies, of these 8,000 released, approximately 
1,900 were arrested for successive crimes during the 8-month timeframe. 
I believe San Francisco’s hands are 
soaked in blood now. They choose to protect criminal illegal aliens over an innocent American woman. 
Beyond the public safety threat 
posed by sanctuary cities, the Federal Government has the responsibility to be good stewards of tax dollars en-trusted to them by hard-working Americans. 
There is no reasonable explanation, 
in law or policy, as to why the Federal Government should send money to cit-ies in the form of grants or reimburse-ments to help them enforce the law when they are blatantly ignoring the law. 
It is a waste of taxpayer money to 
send this money to States for purposes of law enforcement when they clearly aren’t using it for that purpose. 
The situation before us today is one 
dangerous political hypocrisy. The ad-ministration has vocally stated immi-gration law lies with the Federal Gov-ernment and the Federal Government alone. 
In fact, their entire case against Ari-
zona was premised on that point. That was when States were trying to enforce the law. 
When States don’t enforce the law, 
essentially playing into the adminis-tration’s failure to enforce the admin-istration’s claims, there is nothing they can do. It is sort of an interesting proposition. 
Last week I questioned the Secretary 
of Homeland Security about the issues of sanctuary cities. The Secretary stat-ed there was nothing that DHS could do and that he didn’t feel it was pro-ductive to try and force the cities to cooperate. 
The administration jumped all over 
States that help enforce immigration laws, including suing Arizona for en-acting laws to protect its borders and its citizens. 
I ask: Where is the outrage by the ad-
ministration over San Francisco’s fail-ure to follow the law? Where is the law-suit? 
It is not surprising that the adminis-
tration is only outraged when States are acting in a manner that doesn’t meet their political goals. 
DHS refuses to make sanctuary cities 
comply with the law while, at the same time, DOJ is now requiring law en-forcement in Maricopa County, Ari-zona, to provide services in Spanish to jail inmates and to have Federal over-sight for all workforce enforcement raids. This kind of political hypocrisy is the kind that has already cost the life of Kate Steinle. 
The administration wants a non-
enforcement policy, but it is up to Con-gress to make the administration fol-low the law. That is exactly why the Rules Committee is bringing forward this rule and H.R. 3009. 
Sanctuary cities ignore and shield il-
legal immigrants at the expense of law- abiding Americans, and the adminis-
tration, through its failure to defend and enforce this law, is complicit. 
Listen, Mr. Speaker, I believe that 
sanctuary cities should be descriptions of cities that provide safe and secure places for law-abiding citizens, not the definition for cities choosing to provide safety for those flaunting our immigra-tion laws. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding me the 30 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule and the underlying bill. The rule here today provides for consider-ation of H.R. 3009, a bill that I strongly oppose that wouldn’t even solve the problem that it attempts to here today. 
First, a little bit about the process. 
This is a closed process that reflects the practice of shutting down debate on the House floor. 
We should be talking about how to 
protect Americans like Kathryn Steinle. Instead, we are limited to de-bating a bill that, even if it had been the law, would not have affected this case or others like it or secured our borders. We are not even allowed to in-troduce amendments that would secure our borders here before the House floor. 
We have not had a single hearing on 
this bill, and it has not been marked up in committee. It simply appeared be-fore the Judiciary Committee. 
It simply appeared before the Rules 
Committee yesterday fully formed. We talked for several hours about many of its flaws there. But, unfortunately, nevertheless, it has been advanced under this rule to the House floor. 
This bill is not a fix. It is not a solu-
tion to anything. It is a heavy-handed way to attack communities that are simply trying to find solutions to what is fundamentally a Federal problem. 
Yes, Mr. Speaker, dress it up however 
you like. It is our fault, the institution of Congress’ fault, the Federal Govern-ment’s fault, that we have failed to se-cure our borders. 
It is the Federal Government’s fault 
that there are 10-, 12-, 14 million people in our country illegally, some of them felon immigrants. That is not the fault of any city or county or State. 
Our law enforcement professionals— 
sheriffs, police chiefs—are doing the best they can with the facts on the ground which work against them be-cause of this body’s failure to act. 
This bill before us is simply an at-
tempt to provide a false solution to a tragic incident, this in spite of the fact this body has refused to bring forward a single bill to fix our broken immigra-tion system or secure our border. 
The murder of Kathryn Steinle was a 
terrible tragedy. It should not have oc-curred. There were so many breakages along the way and things that could have been done to prevent it. But this action is primarily a way to highlight our broken immigration system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.006 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5411 July 23, 2015 
It is a disgrace, for instance, that our 
immigration enforcement agencies dedicate significant resources to pur-suing tens of thousands of individuals with no criminal history while the en-forcement of our laws against serious felons like Mr. Lopez-Sanchez, as a re-sult, is limited to something like a phone call or an email from the sheriff in San Francisco. 
b1030 
ICE, the agency with sole authority 
to pursue, detain, and deport people within our borders—an agency with a budget of more than $5 billion annu-ally—is to blame here for its perverse allocation of resources. 
Mr. Speaker, ICE should have pur-
sued this individual vigorously, and ICE is responsible for the fact that this man was walking the streets of San Francisco instead of in Mexico; but, rather than take responsibility for this tragedy and commit to making the necessary changes to prevent anything like this from happening in the fu-ture—like, for instance, encapsulating the President’s DACA and DAPA pro-grams in statute so that our limited enforcement resources can be focused on criminal felons rather than tens of thousands of individuals with no crimi-nal history—instead of doing that, this body is threatening local law enforce-ment with reducing their funds to keep communities safe. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill before us would 
do even less to address this issue in a meaningful way. This legislation un-dermines local law enforcement, tram-ples the 10th Amendment to our Con-stitution, and directly undermines the authority and judgment exercised by local law enforcement agencies that are simply trying to do their job as best they can in light of a Federal fail-ure—a Federal failure—to deport felon immigrants, a Federal failure to secure our borders, and a Federal failure to es-tablish enforcement priorities in stat-ute. 
These decisions behind policing com-
munities and ensuring public safety are made by those in those jurisdictions. We shouldn’t have reactionary politi-cians in Washington threatening to cut off funding to sheriffs and police chiefs to make their communities less safe and lead to more victims of felons, both immigrant and American. 
That is why this bill is opposed by 
the Conference of Mayors, Law En-forcement Immigration Task Force, the Fraternal Order of Police, and many other law enforcement profes-sionals. 
The fact is, Mr. Speaker, that article 
I, section 8 of the Constitution, which we began the session of Congress by reading, makes it clear that it is the Federal Government’s responsibility to create and enforce immigration policy. 
No matter how much this body tries 
to pass its failure on to cities, States, and counties, it will always come back here because only the Federal Govern-ment can secure our borders, only the Federal Government can establish en-
forcement priorities in statute, only the Federal Government can provide a pathway to citizenship, and only the Federal Government deports felon im-migrants. 
Despite this, however, Congress has 
displayed a complete and total unwill-ingness to even begin the debate on fix-ing our broken immigration system, instead choosing to threaten local law enforcement for our own failures in this town, Washington, D.C. 
Mr. Speaker, I tried to reinitiate this 
debate just yesterday in the Rules Committee by introducing an amend-ment to this bill that would have al-lowed us to address the systemic prob-lems by considering comprehensive im-migration reform, including border se-curity. Unfortunately, on a party-line vote, my measure was voted down and, therefore, in favor of maintaining this status quo. 
Instead of having a meaningful de-
bate on how to make our immigration system work in our favor and keep Americans safe by keeping immigrant felons off the street and securing our border, the Republicans are instead in-sisting to push this bill through the House, threatening local law enforce-ment without hearing, committee de-bate, or even the opportunity to amend it with good ideas from Democrats or Republicans. 
Felons and egregious immigration 
violators like Mr. Lopez-Sanchez should not be free to walk the streets of this country, but until this body gets serious about securing our border and creating enforceable laws with the resources to enforce them, people like Mr. Lopez-Sanchez will walk free and will continue to harm Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation will ef-
fectively require local enforcement of immigration laws, effectively trying to foist off our responsibilities on belea-guered local law enforcement agencies who, with their limited resources, are making the best judgments they can to keep their communities safe. 
Federal courts have found that the 
DHS detainer policies violate the Con-stitution. Because ICE detainers re-quest that a person be held in local custody for up to 2 days beyond the time they would otherwise be released, Federal courts have concluded that ICE detainers cause a new period of deten-tion, and they are unconstitutional. 
ICE has flouted this requirement for 
years, issuing detainers based on inves-tigative interests alone; and these dragnet detainer issuances practices have caused the detention of countless people who were not criminal felons, felon aliens, who are not removable— even U.S. citizens in some cases. 
The Federal courts finally caught up 
with this practice and found them to be unconstitutional and are holding local agencies under civil liability for hon-oring detainer requests from ICE. 
In Colorado, for example, the 
Arapahoe County sheriff was forced to pay $30,000 to a victim of domestic vio-lence who was, herself, arrested when 
she called the police for help. She was then held in the Arapahoe County jail at the request of Federal immigration authorities for 3 days after a judge had ordered her release. Another case in Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office was forced to settle for $40,000. 
Now, detainers are a form of commu-
nication and are therefore, in a reason-able reading of this proposed law, in-cluded. Effectively, you are presenting impossible choices to local law enforce-ment. You are telling them, on the one hand, subject yourself to civil liability or subject yourself to the cutting off of Federal grants to support your efforts. 
Either way, Mr. Speaker, it is a loss 
for the safety of American citizens and a loss for law enforcement, all because this body fails to own up to the fact that only we can fix the problem; only we can secure the border; only we can replace our immigration system with a comprehensive approach that makes sense and has the resources to enforce it, the Federal resources to enforce-ment. 
This isn’t some theoretical matter 
that some intellectually curious law review cooked up. Jurisdictions in my district have been found civilly liable for enforcing detainers and been forced to pay. Lawsuits are being filed, and local law enforcement agencies that serve as proxies for ICE are losing. 
If you want to tell cities in my State 
to enforce unconstitutional policies, why not take on the liability federally? Will this body pay the settlement from the Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office? Will this body pay the settlement of $30,000 from the Arapahoe County sher-iff? 
The Republicans are making it clear 
that they don’t have a plan to keep people like Kathryn Steinle safe. They don’t have a plan to secure our borders. They don’t have a plan to address our broken immigration system. This bill today is just another piece of evidence of this body’s, this institution’s failure to keep Americans safe. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to hit a cou-
ple of points here. It was stated by my friend from Colorado about the issue of San Francisco and pursuing individ-uals, such as this one who committed murder; and the fact is ICE did ask for him to be held. San Francisco made the choice to let him go, which is leading us to the issue today before us, and we want to continue. 
Also, this one assertion that this is a 
false solution debate—when is it a false solution to actually have to be here and discuss actually enforcing the law? I think that is exactly what we are doing here. If you choose to enforce the law, that is what your proper role should be, and if not, these are the pen-alties that will be put in place. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.006 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5412 July 23, 2015 
I think we will continue this process, 
Mr. Speaker, and at this time, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my distin-
guished colleague on the Rules Com-mittee. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. I want to thank the 
gentleman from Colorado for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
this closed rule. This process is an ab-solutely outrage. I also rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3009. 
Mr. Speaker, along with all of my 
colleagues and every American, my heart goes out to the family of Kath-ryn Steinle. The murder of any inno-cent person is a tragedy, and after each such heinous crime, we always ask our-selves: Could this have been avoided? Could we have done something dif-ferently? 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3009 paints itself as 
a remedy to Kathryn Steinle’s death, but it does nothing—absolutely noth-ing—to address how to improve com-munication between our law enforce-ment, immigration, prosecutors, and penal institutions, nor does it improve the protocols and practices of how deci-sions are made on the release or trans-fer of a prisoner against whom ICE has lodged a detainer request. 
Instead, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3009 chose 
to penalize local law enforcement agen-cies and strip them of their Federal grants and funding when they prioritize working with immigrant communities in order to keep neigh-borhoods, cities, and towns safe. 
Republicans would rather demonize 
these cities and local law enforcement agencies and force them to squander scarce local resources on immigration enforcement, instead of local policing. In effect, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3009 will make our cities and communities less safe, rather than more secure. 
This is why law enforcement and city 
governments oppose this bill. It delib-erately and cynically undermines their ability to protect their communities, nurture public trust in the police and our legal system, and strengthen our public safety. 
H.R. 3009 is opposed by the Major 
County Sheriffs’ Association, the Fra-ternal Order of Police, the National Criminal Justice Association, the Major Cities Chiefs Association, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, and the Na-tional League of Cities; all of them strongly oppose this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill reeks of preju-
dice. It isn’t meant to solve any prob-lem. It is meant to punish cities that don’t embrace the views of anti-immi-grant extremists. It is meant to de-monize all immigrants as criminals. 
It means to punish any city, any po-
lice officer, any sheriff, and any cop on the beat who challenges the Republican anti-immigrant orthodoxy of ‘‘hate them all’’ and ‘‘deport them all.’’ De-port the DREAMers; deport the parents of U.S. citizens; deport children fleeing violence—deport, deport, deport. Mr. Speaker, this House continues to 
wait and wait for the Republican ma-jority to show some leadership and bring up a comprehensive immigration reform bill. It has been more than 2 years since the Senate passed a strong, bipartisan immigration reform bill; and we are still waiting for the House Republicans to act. 
What we need is a way to bring 11 
million of our neighbors, friends, col-leagues, small-business owners, and hard-working residents out of the shad-ows. Let them register, be documented, and not fear talking with the police. Let us recognize their achievements and contributions to the American way of life. 
This bill had no hearings, no markup, 
and no input from local law enforce-ment—no regular order. In fact, in the topsy-turvy world of the Republican House, the Judiciary Committee’s Im-migration and Border Security Sub-committee is holding its first hearing on this topic today—this morning— when this bill is already here on the House floor for debate and voted today. 
No, Mr. Speaker, this bill is just 
more of the same, old, divisive Repub-lican anti-immigrant formula. America is better than this, and I urge my col-leagues to reject this closed rule and to oppose the underlying bill. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise and just, again, 
part of this is really—and even if you look at the Administration’s view on this bill and others, it is almost an Alice in Wonderland effect. What is up is down and down is up. We are looking at this, that enforcing the law hurts enforcement of the law and that it is backwards. 
Now, there are issues that need to be 
addressed. One of the issues is that we have a communication problem. I agree. We have got a communication problem. When they say, ‘‘Hold him; he is going to be deported; he is deport-able; he is not someone we want on our streets’’ and San Francisco and other sanctuary cities choose to release him, that is a communication problem. I will agree with my friends across the aisle on that point. 
To say that punishing views—how 
about enforcing the law? The last time I sat in my law classes, we didn’t en-force views; we enforced laws. I think that is what we are bringing up here. 
I can’t let it pass. I talked about this 
before, and as a Member who believes that there are immigration issues that we need to address and as a member of the Judiciary Committee—which, by the way, has held hearings dealing with this subject—in fact, just last week, the Secretary of DHS was in. I ques-tioned him directly about this, and it is amazing. He has no real opinion about sanctuary cities as he told me in his testimony. 
I find that rather amazing in that he 
would say that there would be a prob-lem not enforcing these laws, and when I asked about other laws that we want 
to enforce—is it okay for cities to turn their back on those laws—there is not an opinion there. 
We have talked about this. We have 
had immigration hearings. We have begun the process of marking up legis-lation to secure our communities, to secure our borders, and to do those things; but before we start throwing in the nature of saying there is all wrong with the Republican majority on some-thing that we have not done, I just want to go back and remind—I am still one who at the time was out there watching the proceedings from my home in the State of Georgia, where we were doing everything we could to bal-ance the needs of our State and our economy during shutdown and during a depression, recession—whatever you want to call it—and we were trying to balance budgets, and we were watching this issue up here, but what I saw was that we are told today we are waiting for Republicans and the Republicans have all this bad agenda. 
At the same point, when this body 
was controlled by my friends across the aisle, when the other body across the way—the Senate—was controlled by my friends across the aisle, and when the administration was new and in their early stages of developing their strategy for solving all the world’s problems, what they chose to do was wreck health care and to work against community bankers. They chose that. 
b1045 
They chose not to do comprehensive 
immigration reform. They chose to use it as a political issue and a political pawn. They chose not to bring this up. 
When you want to bring it up, let’s 
shine the light brightly. Let’s bring it up and shine the light brightly on both sides. The world was waiting. You man-aged to get a lot of other things through. You managed to do other things that you wanted to do, but you chose not to do this. You chose not to make this. 
My question here is simply: the bill 
that is being brought forward, it says enforce the law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
As the gentleman from Georgia 
might recall, when the Democrats con-trolled the Senate last session, they did pass comprehensive immigration reform with strong Republican and Democratic support. More than two- thirds of the body supported securing our borders, expelling felon immi-grants, and keeping Americans safe. Had this body simply acted on that bill, as we repeatedly tried to get them to do, we quite likely would not be fac-ing this tragedy that we face here today. Until this body acts, there are likely to be more victims, more Amer-ican victims, of criminal immigrants. 
It is not the fault of the Democrats. 
We, with the Republicans in the Sen-ate, put together a bill that would have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.007 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5413 July 23, 2015 
addressed it. It is the fault of this 
body, the House of Representatives, that failed to act. 
Mr. Speaker, I submit for the R
ECORD  
a Statement of Administration Policy with regard to this bill, which includes that the President’s senior advisers would recommend that he veto this bill. He then goes into some of the same arguments we have been talking about with regard to why we need to secure our border and grow our econ-omy and make sure that we can fix our broken immigration system. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 3009—ENFORCE THE LAW FOR SANCTUARY  
CITIES ACT  
(Rep. Hunter, R–CA, and 44 cosponsors) 
The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 
3009. This bill fails to offer comprehensive re-forms needed to fix the Nation’s broken im-migration laws, undermines current Admin-istration efforts to remove the most dan-gerous convicted criminals and to work col-laboratively with State and local law en-forcement agencies, and threatens the civil rights of all Americans by authorizing State and local officials to collect information re-garding any private citizen’s immigration status, at any time, for any reason, and without justification. 
The Administration continues to believe 
that it is critical to fix the Nation’s broken immigration system through comprehensive commonsense legislation that builds on ex-isting efforts to strengthen border security, cracks down on employers hiring undocu-mented workers, streamlines legal immigra-tion, and offers an earned path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants to get right with the law if they pass background checks, contribute to the Nation’s economy by pay-ing taxes, and go to the back of the line. While the Senate passed comprehensive leg-islation with strong bipartisan support over two years ago that would do just that, the House of Representatives failed to take any action. According to the Congressional Budg-et Office, that legislation would also grow the Nation’s economy by 5.4 percent and re-duce Federal deficits by nearly $850 billion over 20 years. The Administration continues to urge the Congress to address all of the problems with the Nation’s broken immigra-tion system and take up commonsense legis-lation that will offer meaningful solutions to those problems. 
The Administration also believes the most 
effective way to enhance public safety is through sensible and effective policies that focus enforcement resources on the most sig-nificant public safety threats. The Adminis-tration has put in place new enforcement priorities that do just that, focusing limited resources on the worst offenders—national security threats, convicted criminals, gang members, and recent border crossers. The ef-fectiveness of these new priorities depends on collaboration between Federal, State, and local law enforcement. Every day, the Fed-eral government fosters State and local col-laboration through a variety of mechanisms, including policies, programs, and joint task forces. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Priority Enforcement Program (PEP) enables Federal immigration enforcement to work with State and local law enforcement to take custody of individuals who are en-forcement priorities, including public safety and national security threats, before those individuals are released into communities. PEP is a balanced, commonsense approach to enforcing the Nation’s immigration laws. It replaced the Secure Communities program, which, by establishing a ‘‘one-size-fits-all’’ approach to State and local cooperation with 
Federal immigration enforcement officials, discouraged some localities from turning over dangerous individuals to DHS custody. Secure Communities was embroiled in litiga-tion and widely criticized for undermining State and local community policing efforts. PEP builds collaboration between Federal, State, and local law enforcement that allows for the most effective enforcement while en-hancing community policing and trust. The Congress should give PEP a chance to work, instead of displacing that collaborative ap-proach—which prioritizes the worst offend-ers—with the coercive approach of this bill, which makes no such differentiation. 
Finally, the bill would condition Federal 
money on State and local governments al-lowing their law enforcement officials to gather citizenship and immigration status information from any person at any time for any reason. The Administration believes that such blanket authority would threaten the civil rights of all Americans, lead to mis-trust between communities and State and local law enforcement agencies, and impede efforts to safely, fairly, and effectively en-force the Nation’s immigration laws. 
If the President were presented with H.R. 
3009, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto this bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the 
Donald Trump wing of the Republican Party is clearly ascendant here today. It is the dominant thinking among House Republicans. 
This is the same crowd that, just 
back in February, threatened the fund-ing for Homeland Security because they were so eager to deport our DREAMers—young people who came here as children, who have cleared a criminal background check, who paid a fee and are already contributing to America—because whenever they are in doubt on immigration, they fade to the extreme right. These are the same Members of Congress who have even gone to court to sue the President of the United States when he prioritized the deportation of criminals over im-migrant families; and these are the same Republicans who were so fearful of a sane discussion here, and this Con-gress, this House, is never a sanctuary of sanity when it comes to immigra-tion. 
But they refuse to bring to the House 
floor a bipartisan bill unanimously ap-proved in the Homeland Security Com-mittee to deal with border security. If that weren’t bad enough, they came back this year with a totally partisan border security bill, and they have been afraid to bring it to the floor be-cause they do not want a reasoned dis-cussion of immigration in this House of Representatives. 
Unfortunately, this Congress is also 
never a sanctuary from partisan polit-ical stunts designed to capitalize on the latest tragedy, like the tragedy that occurred in San Francisco. This bill is not about grabbing criminals; it is about grabbing headlines. It is not about a thoughtful debate of the best immigration and law enforcement poli-cies for our country; it is about scoring political points. It does so by rejecting 
the expert opinion of sheriffs and po-lice chiefs and law enforcement experts and organizations and local mayors and leaders in the municipal level across America who say that, to fight crime effectively, they need to win the trust of all of the communities that they serve. 
This bill is opposed by major law en-
forcement organizations, by municipal government organizations. I saw at the top of the list of those law enforcement organizations the police chief of my hometown, who works with community policing to make our communities safe. Some localities believe that they can better enforce the law, better keep our communities safe, if an undocu-mented person who is a witness or a victim of crime is involved with them and reporting those crimes and helping enforce the law. 
If I have to choose between Donald 
Trump and his extreme attitudes em-bodied by colleagues here in this House today and my local law enforcement about how to protect my family, all of our families, I choose law enforcement. Let’s reject this bad bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. DOGGETT. If they are so com-
mitted to supporting local law enforce-ment, eliminating funding for the COPS program is hardly the way to do it. We ought to be putting our dollars and our support and our immigration laws in conformity with the law en-forcement experts across America and protect our families. 
Reject this bad bill, and then do 
something substantive to back our law enforcement officials. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the argument, and this 
is why we have this time. But I do want to just remind again, from my previous statement, bringing up a bill last Con-gress reminds me of back when I used to coach kids in football. There was al-ways that struggle you wanted to put as many kids in, you wanted everybody to play, and you still wanted to win the game. There was that balance that you always had. 
It reminds me of one time it hap-
pened to be one of my own kids. Now, that is pretty hard when you are coach-ing one of your own kids and you get to the end of the game and you didn’t put him in like you thought you were going to because the time had run out on the game. And you go to him—for-tunately, he was my son. I was driving home, and I said, ‘‘I am sorry.’’ I called his name and I said, ‘‘I am sorry I didn’t get you into the game. The time had run out, but I had every intention of getting you into the game.’’ That is about like saying last Congress when the Senate was Democrat but the House was Republican and we have dif-ferent ideas and different views that we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.009 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5414 July 23, 2015 
are bringing forward. I simply go back 
to the time when that did not exist, when time was still on the clock and they chose not to do anything. 
Also, it is a good distracter from 
what we are talking about today: cities enforcing laws, finding solutions, and doing so. That is simply what this bill does, that is what this rule provides for, and those are the things that need to be talked about. This is the discus-sion that needs to be had, and this is the discussion the American people are having all over, including, by the way, San Francisco, who is reevaluating their policy even now. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my 
House colleagues to stop and think for a moment and to oppose not only the rule, but the underlying bill. It is ex-treme, it is anti-immigrant, and it is really not about sanctuary cities. 
In fact, this flawed legislation actu-
ally second-guesses the decisions that are made by local police chiefs and sheriffs around the country on how best to police their communities and ensure public safety and ensure the kind of cooperation that they need in order for law enforcement to work properly. 
As the founder and former executive 
director of the National Network to End Domestic Violence, representing domestic violence organizations and coalitions around the country, I am deeply concerned that this legislation will have a negative effect on the co-operation that is necessary between law enforcement and isolated, very iso-lated victims of domestic and sexual violence. Furthermore, it would strip the bipartisan provisions that passed in the Violence Against Women Act when we just reauthorized it. 
Specifically, H.R. 3009 negatively 
amends section 241(i) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act by doing the following: 
It undermines the spirit and protec-
tions of VAWA, effectively pushing im-migrant survivors and their children, many of whom are likely U.S. citizens, deeper and deeper into the shadows of danger. 
It undermines the policies that local 
communities have determined are ap-propriate for their localities to ensure that victims of crime come forward without fear of retribution. 
It allows violent crimes to go 
uninvestigated, and it leaves victims without redress because of reductions in funding. 
This bill would have damaging rami-
fications for families across the Nation and in my home State of Maryland. 
I enter into the R
ECORD a letter from 
the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women, representing coalitions, orga-nizations, shelters, services, and pro-grams in every single State in this 
country. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to just quote 
from this letter. It says: ‘‘Fear of de-
portation also strengthens the ability of abusers and traffickers to silence and trap their victims. Not only are the individual victims harmed, but their fear of law enforcement leads many to abstain from reporting violent perpetrators or coming forward, and, as a result, dangerous criminals are not identified and go unpunished.’’ 
NATIONAL TASKFORCE TOENDSEX-
UAL AND DOMESTIC VIOLENCE  
AGAINST WOMEN , 
JULY21, 2015 . 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : As the Steering 
Committee of the National Taskforce to End Sexual and Domestic Violence (‘‘NTF’’), comprising national leadership organizations advocating on behalf of sexual and domestic violence victims and women’s rights, we rep-resent hundreds of organizations across the country dedicated to ensuring all survivors of violence receive the protections they de-serve. For this reason, we write to express our deep concerns about the impact of the ‘‘Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act’’ (H.R. 3009), which amends section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
As government officials, we ask you to ap-
proach this issue from the perspective of a leader and be sure of the implications this bill can have on entire communities. All par-ties have the common goal of making com-munities safer. This bill will encourage law enforcement to enforce immigration law, and will significantly hinder the ability of certain communities to build trust and co-operation between vulnerable and isolated victims of domestic and sexual violence and law enforcement. Last year marked the twentieth anniversary of the bipartisan Vio-lence Against Women Act (‘‘VAWA’’), which has, since it was first enacted, included crit-ical protections for immigrant victims of do-mestic and sexual violence. This bill under-mines the spirit and protections of VAWA and will have the effect of pushing immi-grant survivors and their children (many of whom are likely U.S. Citizens) deeper into the shadows and into danger. 
As recognized in VAWA, bipartisan legisla-
tion supporting our nation’s response to do-mestic and sexual violence and stalking, im-migrant victims of violent crimes are often fearful of contacting law enforcement due to fear that they will be deported. A recent and comprehensive survey shows that 41 percent of Latinos believe that the primary reason Latinos/as do not come forward is fear of de-portation. 
Policies that minimize the intertwining of 
local law enforcement with ICE help bring the most vulnerable victims out of the shad-ows by creating trust between law enforce-ment and the immigrant community, which in turn helps protect our entire commu-nities. Fear of deportation also strengthens the ability of abusers and traffickers to si-lence and trap their victims. Not only are the individual victims harmed, but their fear of law enforcement leads many to abstain from reporting violent perpetrators or com-ing forward, and, as a result, dangerous criminals are not identified and go unpunished. These criminals remain on the streets and continue to be a danger to their communities. 
This bill undermines policies that local 
communities have determined are appro-priate for their localities, and decrease the ability of law enforcement agencies to re-spond to violent crimes and assist all (immi-grant, citizens, etc.) victims of crime. As recognized in VAWA, law enforcement plays 
a critical role in our coordinated community response to domestic and sexual violence. Federal law enforcement funding supports critical training, equipment, and agency staffing that assists domestic and sexual vio-lence victims. H.R. 3009 will allow violent crimes to go uninvestigated and leave vic-tims without redress due to reductions in funding. 
For these reasons, we urge you to affirm 
the intent and spirit of VAWA and oppose the provisions above. Thank you very much for taking this important step to protect and support immigrant survivors of domestic vi-olence and sexual assault. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Surely, Mr. Speaker, 
this is not what we need to do. We need to ensure the continued protections of 
domestic violence victims all across this country, no matter who they are and no matter where they are, and to know that law enforcement will be there to protect them and their chil-dren. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
The best way to address the problems 
in our immigration system, the best way to address the lack of security for American citizens, the best way to en-sure that there are not others like Kathryn Steinle and others that have fallen victim to immigrant felons is to fix our broken immigration system, se-cure our borders. Only Congress can do that. 
Now, the President has taken the 
first steps to help keep Americans safe by suggesting certain policies like DACA and DAPA programs. Now, DACA is being implemented; DAPA is, unfortunately, tied up in the courts. What these efforts allow our law en-forcement agencies to do is to focus their efforts on criminals like Mr. Lopez-Sanchez rather than violators of our civil law. It would be better if this body could put those concepts into statute or, better yet, make sure that we can differentiate between noncrimi-nals and criminals within the law. 
An immigration reform bill would re-
duce the risk of tragedies like this and help keep Americans safe by helping law enforcement identify people who are here illegally, and it would bring people out of the shadows. Identifying the portion of our people that are here illegally that qualify for relief and for prosecutorial discretion would help our law enforcement agencies narrow their focus and targets to individuals like Mr. Lopez-Sanchez. 
Immigration reform efforts like H.R. 
15, which was the comprehensive bill from last Congress, would modernize our immigration agencies, increase en-forcement and resources tools, tech-nology, and border security to prevent tragedies like this from occurring. Doing the difficult work of having a meaningful debate around immigration reform is the only way we can ever be able to keep Americans safer and re-duce the likelihood of this kind of inci-dent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.011 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5415 July 23, 2015 
A vote for this particular bill won’t 
do anything to address these systemic problems. Had this been the law, it would not have prevented this tragedy, nor does it do anything to address the problems plaguing our immigration system. Instead, it threatens and bul-lies local law enforcement and says to them, either expose yourself to civil li-ability—which is very real. My agen-cies in Colorado have been forced to pay—they have been forced to pay— $30,000 or $40,000. So pay legal fines, or we are going to cut your grants. 
Look, it is a natural tendency of peo-
ple to pass the buck, and Congress is basically trying to pass the buck to local law enforcement for our failures here in this body. 
Mr. Lopez-Sanchez should not have 
been wandering the streets of San Francisco or any other American city. He should not have been allowed to il-legally enter. In fact, he had been caught at the border four or five times, and he had snuck across other times. 
b1100 
We need real border security, and we 
need to finally enforce our law and get serious about restoring the rule of law, which this bill would only make an even bigger joke. 
Rather than restoring the rule of law 
and encouraging cooperation between Federal, State, and local authorities in cases that involve immigrant felons, this bill would punish local law en-forcement for prioritizing public safety and community policing over trying to do the job that Congress and the Fed-eral Government are supposed to do. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time remains? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Colorado has 3
3⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
It is time for this body to fix our bro-
ken immigration system to keep Amer-icans safe. How many other victims like Kathryn Steinle need to make the ultimate sacrifice—or the countless other Americans who are victims of other kinds of crime—at the hands of immigrant felons? It will be until this body chooses to fix our broken immi-gration system and restore the rule of law. 
This particular bill would only fur-
ther dissipate the rule of law. It tells local law enforcement you have to ei-ther pay fines that drain your ability to enforce our laws or you lose grants that reduce your ability to enforce our laws. 
Either way, if this bill were somehow 
to become law—even though the Presi-dent has indicated he would veto it—it would drain away the very local law enforcement resources, the purpose of which is to keep Americans safe. 
Let us move forward to replace our 
broken immigration system with one that works, not try to pass the buck. 
Mr. Speaker, the buck can’t be passed. It is the Federal Government’s respon-sibility to secure our border and to es-tablish immigration laws. It is the Fed-eral Government’s responsibility to de-port criminals. 
No matter how this body may try to 
say that it should be cities and coun-ties and sheriffs and police chiefs—who are trying to do the dirty work—who are the result of our failure to take ac-tion, they need to make the decisions that are in the best interests of keep-ing their communities safe. 
With 10 or 12 or 14 million people in 
our country illegally—some of them immigrant felons—we are passing along the buck to local law enforce-ment with an impossible task. 
Rather than make that task more 
impossible by forcing them to pay civil fines or to lose important law enforce-ment resources, let’s help them have the resources and policies they need to deport felon immigrants before they can commit crimes like the tragedy that occurred in San Francisco. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
rule, to oppose this bill, and to reject this bizarre approach that we are seek-ing here today, which would have done nothing to have prevented this tragedy or any other like it, and would lead to countless more tragedies by taking re-sources out of the hands of those who are on the front lines—on our streets, in our neighborhoods—keeping Ameri-cans safe. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
This is an interesting argument, as I 
stated before, because it really defies, in many ways, logic. 
The best way to help prevent what 
has just happened is to enforce the law. It is not to give a substantive, wishy- washy: Well, I won’t enforce this. I don’t want to enforce this. I am mak-ing a political judgment. 
In fact, that is really what the law 
should be there for, is to say: This is the law that has been passed through the political process, but this is the law for everyone. 
When you have the debates in Con-
gress, that is what the political argu-ment is for. I don’t disagree with my friend from Colorado, as this is the part that we are supposed to debate; but once it leaves here and it is printed and it is law and it is signed, it is to be enforced. 
To really argue that, on this side, we 
don’t want to enforce, and, on this side, we want to enforce, where does it end— when we don’t want to enforce drug laws? trafficking laws? employment law? Where does it end? 
I am sure there are political dif-
ferences in many cities, possibly in my own district of the Ninth District of Georgia, where cities say: I am not sure I like this employment law. I am not sure I like having to deal with compliance, with Federal law. We will just ignore it. No. It is about enforce-
ment. 
Lopez-Sanchez was requested by ICE. 
Whether you are talking about limited resources or whether you are talking about a lot of resources, it doesn’t mat-ter. They requested him to be held. 
San Francisco said no. It is San 
Francisco’s choice—their political choice, their life choice. It was a life choice for this young lady. Her life is gone. 
It is not an economic choice—it is a 
life choice—and their choice led to a life’s being taken. It is not about whether you like the law or not, and it is not about whether you have a view on the law or not—it is about whether you will enforce the law or not. 
I struggle with this as I understand 
about the interest of immigrant com-munities, and I understand about good policing. My father was a State troop-er. 
I understand the relationship be-
tween communities and of their all working together to provide a safe community; but sanctuary cities are sanctuaries for those who abide by the law—those who are here legally, those who want to live a prosperous life and just get up and go to work and not have to worry about being shot on the street by somebody who is being sanctuaried because he is here ille-gally—not once but multiple times over. 
As has already been stated, this is 
not a judgment call. San Francisco could see this. They could see his record. They could see he had been de-tained for illegally entering. This is not something that was, frankly, even close. They chose. 
The question remains: Do we enforce 
or do we not? The question remains: Do we want to be under a rule of law or do we want to have something else? 
It has been brought up many times 
today of a bill in the last Congress that was passed by the Senate that would be the panacea for everything and prob-ably would help this. That was the im-plication given. 
I have just one question to those who 
make that assertion: If San Francisco and other sanctuary cities won’t en-force the law now because of their po-litical views, what gives them any idea they would for a new law? 
We have got a fundamental problem 
here, Mr. Speaker. The fundamental problem is: Is political rule of law going to happen or is the rule of law going to happen? 
Pass any bill you want, but if we 
allow them to ignore it without con-sequence, then you have no standard, you have no basis for debate, you have no place to move forward. 
You can pass everything you want to 
and have the President sign it in beau-tiful ceremonies; but if we allow polit-ical subdivisions in this country to just continue to pick and choose, then we have got a problem. 
Now, if there are issues, let’s solve 
them here. Let’s have the debates—I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.012 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5416 July 23, 2015 
agree—but this isn’t up for debate 
when it leaves here. 
So pass whatever you want to pass. 
Will San Francisco enforce it? I don’t know—maybe, maybe not—but when they released and when other sanc-tuary cities release them and say: We are not going to hold. We are not going to do these things, then they have made a choice. Unfortunately, in this case, they made a life choice, and that beautiful life is gone. 
This rule simply says enforce the 
law. This rule—this bill—says we have law. It is what we have got right now. It is not your aspirational goal. It is the law. Simply enforce it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD 
LABELING ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 1599. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 369 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1599. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1111 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food pro-duced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the label-ing of natural foods, and for other pur-poses, with Mr. S
IMPSON in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Kansas (Mr. 
P
OMPEO ) and the gentleman from 
Vermont (Mr. W ELCH ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kansas. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1599, the Safe and 
Accurate Food Labeling Act, is the product of diligent and bipartisan work by the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee and the Agriculture Committee. 
Over the past year and a half that we 
have been working on this legislation, we have solicited input from Members and from relevant agencies like the FDA and the USDA. We have also met with the organic community, conven-tional farmers and ranchers, seed pro-ducers, scientists, and supply chain specialists. 
Throughout this process, we have 
sought to address every legitimate con-cern and provide whatever clarification might be necessary. 
The fact is that the scientific con-
sensus on the safety of genetically en-gineered products is utterly over-whelming. Precisely zero pieces of credible evidence have been presented that foods produced with biotechnology pose any risk to our health and safety. 
Given this fact, it is not the place of 
government—government at any level—to arbitrarily step in and man-date that one plant product should be labeled based solely on how it was bred while another identical product is free of a government warning label because that producer chose a different breed-ing technology. That is unscientific, and that is bad public policy. 
The mandatory labeling of geneti-
cally engineered products has no basis in legitimate health or safety concerns, but is a naked attempt to impose the preferences of a small segment of the populace on the rest of us and make the constituents whom I serve in Kan-sas pay more for their food. 
A recent study shows that the pro-
posed State GE labeling laws could raise the cost of the average family’s food bill by, roughly, $500 per year. Many, many families in Kansas simply cannot afford that. 
Antibiotechnology interest groups 
are attempting to use State laws to force mandatory GE labeling on safe products and interfere with interstate commerce. 
To ensure that families in Kansas 
and all across the country have access to nutritious and affordable food, H.R. 1599 accomplishes three primary objec-tives. 
First, we ensure that every new GE 
plant destined to enter the food supply goes in for an FDA safety review. 
Second, we prevent the creation of 
what would be the unworkable patch-work of State-by-State—or even coun-ty-by-county or city-by-city—manda-tory GE labeling laws. 
b1115 
Finally, in order to provide clarity to 
those who prefer not to eat GE prod-ucts, our bill authorizes a voluntary, user-fee-based non-GE labeling pro-gram at the USDA to provide even greater transparency and more options so that consumers, by ensuring a com-mon definition for non-GMO for all 
foods, whether they are sold at the re-tail level or served in restaurants. 
Members of Congress need to realize 
that allowing activists to create a patchwork State-by-State set of rules will have a real effect on our families and our districts. Those who support mandatory GE products must admit they are willing to increase the cost of food for families in Wichita and Dallas and Grand Rapids and in Vermont and in Boston and all across our Nation based on unscientific demands of a handful of antibiotechnology activists. 
Congress’ goal must be to ensure that 
people in those places have access to safe, nutritious, and affordable food to feed their families. A patchwork of laws will not accomplish that. 
The reality is that biotechnologies, 
time and time again, have proven safe. It is simply not debatable. U.S. policies should reflect that. We should not raise prices on consumers based on the wish-es of a handful of activists. I ask for ev-eryone to support H.R. 1599. 
Mr Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, July 15, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL K. C ONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN CONAWAY : I write in regard 
to H.R. 1599, Safe and Accurate Food Label-ing Act of 2015, which was ordered reported by the Committee on Agriculture on July 14, 2015. As you are aware, the bill also was re-ferred to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. I wanted to notify you that the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce will forgo action on H.R. 1599 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. 
This is done with the understanding that 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 1599 and requests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response con-
firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1599 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, June 15, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN UPTON : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1599, ‘‘Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015.’’ I ap-preciate your support in bringing this legis-lation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce will forego action on the bill. 
The Committee on Agriculture concurs in 
the mutual understanding that by foregoing 
consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Commerce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legis-lation in the future. In addition, should a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.013 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5417 July 23, 2015 
conference on this bill be necessary, I would 
support your request to have the Committee on the Energy and Commerce represented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Energy and Commerce as this bill moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
Mr. WELCH. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to address this 
issue that Mr. P OMPEO and this bill 
present to this House. This question of GMO labeling and biotechnology is a good thing. Biotechnology has done a lot of good things for this country and for consumers. This is not a question about whether the science says that GMO foods cause medical issues. That is not the issue. 
The question is whether consumers, 
when they purchase food, have a right to know what is in it. What Mr. P
OMPEO and this legislation are sug-
gesting is that, regardless of what con-sumers want, they won’t be told. 
This bill does two fundamental 
things. One, it says to those States that this is not about a small group of activists. This is States like Vermont, Maine, and Connecticut with massive bipartisan votes, Republicans and Democrats saying that they wanted the right to have these products la-beled, and then the consumer can de-cide whether he or she wants to pur-chase that product. It is the market that ultimately decides. 
This legislation would basically 
block all State laws that require man-datory GMO labeling; so if the State of Idaho, with its Republicans and Demo-crats in the legislature responding to the demands of its constituents, want-ed to label it, they wouldn’t be able to do it. It effectively blocks the FDA from creating a national labeling standard. That is the irony here. 
If you are talking preemption, you at 
least have to talk about a national standard that has credibility and pro-vides information that consumers want. In this case, we strip from the States the right to do what they be-lieve is in the interest of their citizens and don’t substitute any serious label that would apply across the board. This claim that this would create a patch-work of different State laws is not ad-dressed when you don’t even offer a na-tional standard. 
Next, it would allow ‘‘natural’’ 
claims on GMO foods and block State laws that prevent such claims. This legislation fundamentally takes away from your State and mine the ability to do what they believe is in the inter-est of their consumers: let them know what they are buying. 
By the way, what is the problem with 
letting consumers know what they are buying? They are the ones that decide what products they want to consume. The issue here, again, to repeat, is not 
about the science of whether GMOs cause health problems, but there is a significant issue about GMO products requiring significantly more herbicides in order to produce, and the use of her-bicides—glyphosate has gone from 16 million pounds to about 280 million pounds since the introduction. Those farming practices do have an effect, and a lot of consumers are really con-cerned about that. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from the great State of Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chairman, 
today, I rise to lend my support to H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food La-beling Act. As a mother, farmer, and former nutrition education teacher, I understand the importance of pro-viding valuable information to con-sumers about where their food comes from and how it is grown. 
If we are going to face the growing 
challenges of obesity in this country and increasing demand for food world-wide, each and every American is going to have to engage in an honest dialogue about our food production and distribu-tion systems. 
It is important that these systems 
are based on sound science, with a strong set of food labeling guidelines that are consistent across State lines, affordable for all Americans, and pro-vide accurate and easy to understand information on the package for those consumers wanting to know more. 
H.R. 1599 is a mirror image of the 
successful USDA organic program that many of my constituents have come to appreciate and trust. This voluntary, commonsense option program is a com-promise that balances the needs of both consumers and producers while providing a national path to getting consumers information that they may want. 
I thank the chairman for bringing 
this timely bill to the floor. I ask all my colleagues to support H.R. 1599. 
Mr. WELCH. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ). 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
stated at our two Energy and Com-merce Committee hearings on this issue that I am sympathetic to the need for Federal legislation. 
It does not make sense to have a 
patchwork of food labeling require-ments in different States. I also do not believe that genetically engineered foods are unsafe. If they were unsafe, they would not be allowed on the mar-ket. 
However, I acknowledge that the ma-
jority of consumers want foods made with genetically engineered ingredi-ents to be labeled as such. They view this as a right-to-know issue. While I don’t know of any scientific reason to require GE foods to be labeled dif-ferently than non-GE foods, I do not believe we will be engendering con-
fidence in these foods if we pass H.R. 1599. 
I feel that by preempting State right- 
to-know laws without creating any na-tional labeling requirement, this legis-lation will be seen by most consumers as an attempt by Congress and Wash-ington to prevent them from knowing which foods have GE ingredients, and therefore, I intend to vote against the bill. 
However, I also understand why oth-
ers think this bill is important and will vote for it. Obviously, it is up to any Member to decide for him or herself how this affects constituents in their own districts and vote accordingly. 
Mr. POMPEO. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OL-
LINS). 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act. 
As today’s global food chain expands, 
consumers deserve to know what is in their food. H.R. 1599 eliminates confu-
sion and saves taxpayers from shoul-dering the costs associated with a patchwork of State labeling laws. 
Additionally, H.R. 1599 ensures that 
our food supply is safe by clearly estab-lishing the FDA as the preeminent au-thority to make science-based deci-sions concerning food safety. Cur-
rently, a patchwork of GMO labeling has emerged across our country, with some States having completely dif-ferent food labeling requirements than others. 
This hodgepodge of regulation in-
creases the cost of food for families and negatively impacts food producers. By increasing transparency, reducing the cost of regulations, and improving food safety, H.R. 1599 will bring our Nation’s food labeling into the 21st century. 
Mr. WELCH. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETER -
SON). 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to support H.R. 1599. 
This bill establishes a voluntary na-
tionwide USDA-administered certifi-cation program for labeling genetically engineered food products, and we be-lieve that this is a reasonable, work-able solution that balances consumer demand to know more about their food with what we know about the safety of the foods that we produce. 
I didn’t sign on to this bill initially 
because I thought we needed to make some changes, which were eventually made and made the bill supportable, from my perspective. 
This is a very important point. The 
bill ensures that every new genetically engineered plant destined to enter the market has to go through an FDA safe-ty review. This change means that foods from genetically engineered plants will only be able to enter the marketplace after this happens, and that is a change from the current situ-ation. 
H.R. 1599 prevents the unworkable 
scenario of a State-by-State, county- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.006 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5418 July 23, 2015 
by-county, or even city-by-city label-
ing law. This patchwork of laws would only create confusion for consumers, farmers, and food companies and would also drive up consumer grocery bills. 
I acknowledge that consumers want 
to know what they are eating, and in my opinion, H.R. 1599 provides them with that information. Before we can do anything in this area, we have to de-fine what this means, and if you talk to five different people about what ge-netically engineered or genetically modified means, you are going to get five different answers. 
One of the things that will happen 
with this bill if it becomes law is that the USDA will go through a process, talking to all the stakeholders, and come up with a definition of what this means, which I think is one of the most important things because, right now, I think there is a real disconnect be-tween the science on this issue and the consumers. 
What this bill does is allows compa-
nies like companies in my district to go and work with the Secretary to cre-ate a non-GMO label, nongenetically engineered label. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. WELCH. I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. PETERSON. Then consumers can 
find out. If they want to purchase non-genetically engineered products, there are companies out there that are going to provide them. 
I think this doesn’t get to where a lot 
of people want to get, but it gets us a long ways down the road. It will be able to define what this means and put in place a workable solution that I think people should support. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
1599. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume to engage in a colloquy with the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). 
When considering the substitute re-
ported by the Committee on Agri-culture, I would like to confirm that the committee was aware that many ingredients derived from genetically engineered crops have been so highly refined that they contain no geneti-cally engineered material and that fin-ished food products produced with such ingredients, likewise, would contain no genetically engineered material. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. POMPEO. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. It certainly is our understanding that products—and sugar is a good example of those—may come from a GE crop, but the finished product has no genetic material in it. 
Mr. POMPEO. This fact exemplifies 
why labeling as to whether or not food has been produced through genetic en-gineering is appropriately voluntary, not mandatory, as it seems unneces-sary to require labeling about the use of genetic engineering if the labeled 
food contains no genetically engi-neered material. 
I would just add—and hope that the 
gentleman from Texas would concur— that this approach is consistent with the exemption from the labeling re-quirements for major food allergens that Congress has established for high-ly refined oils as part of the Food Al-lergen Labeling and Consumer Protec-tion Act of 2004. 
While the eight major food aller-
gens—milk, egg, fish, crustacean shell-fish, tree nuts, wheat, peanuts, and soybeans—must be listed on food labels where they or ingredients containing protein derived from these allergens are added to food, the definition of ‘‘major food allergen’’ excludes any highly refined oil derived from a major food allergen and ‘‘any ingredient de-rived from such highly refined oil.’’ 
Mr. CONAWAY. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. POMPEO. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. The gentleman is correct. This is a perfect example of why passage of this legislation is so important. 
Mr. POMPEO. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ). 
(Mr. CONAWAY asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in support of H.R. 1599. Mankind has used biological technologies for more than 10,000 years to improve crops and livestock and to make useful food prod-ucts, such as bread, cheese, and to pre-serve dairy products. 
When applied to plant breeding, these 
technologies have led to evolution of nearly every food product we consume. These and other advances have enabled us to proudly boast that we enjoy the safest, highest quality, most abundant, diverse, and affordable food supply and fiber mankind has ever known. 
As our knowledge has increased, so 
has the speed and precision in which we are able to harness natural capabilities to improve the plants that we cul-tivate. These new applications of bio-technology have been available to American and international consumers for some three decades. 
The safety of technology has been 
documented and confirmed by the world’s leading scientific and public health organizations, including the World Health Organization, the Na-tional Academies of Science, the Amer-ican Association for the Advancement of Sciences, the American Medical As-sociation, and the Royal Society of Great Britain. 
b1130 
The House Agriculture Committee 
has frequently reviewed these tech-nologies. We have reviewed the regu-latory mechanism that has been in place since the Reagan administration 
and have been regularly assured by the absence of any valid concerns regard-ing the safety or quality of products derived from these production tech-nologies. 
Biotechnology is an essential tool for 
farmers and our food supply to have in the toolbox. If we plan to feed the esti-mated 10 billion people in the year 2050 in an environmentally sound, sustain-able, affordable way, they must be used. 
Unfortunately, threats exist to our 
ability to fully utilize this technology in the form of proposed Federal and State laws as well as some new State laws that will be implemented soon if we don’t act. Passage of any new antibiotech laws and amendments or implementation of those already passed will likely have far-reaching negative consequences, which we will debate today. 
The legislation before the House 
today addresses this threat in a man-ner that pays tribute to the successful voluntary, market-driven programs ad-ministered by the Department of Agri-culture. These programs have not only enabled farmers to receive premiums in the marketplace for their efforts to distinguish their products, they have appealed to the growing desire of many food-conscious consumers. One such ex-ample is the highly successful National Organic Program, many aspects of which we have replicated in this legis-lation. 
The structure and coverage of this 
legislation, like that of the National Organic Program, will assure con-sumers are given reliable, accurate, and consistent information related to the genetic engineering, whether it is at the retail level or at a restaurant. 
In developing this legislation, we 
worked in a bipartisan fashion between the Agriculture and the Energy and Commerce Committees, receiving and integrating the ideas and suggestions of Federal agencies, organic interests, conventional producers and handlers, and more. 
Mr. Chairman, mandatory labels are 
used as a warning or a caution. Even our opponents to this legislation have said there is no safety issue here that we are talking about to ‘‘scare’’ poten-tial consumers. We believe this vol-untary program meets that need of let-ting consumers know, and I urge sup-port of the bill. 
Mr. WELCH. I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I am 
rising today in strong opposition to H.R. 1599, which actually stands in di-rect contradiction to the wishes of al-most 90 percent of Americans across the country. It is no wonder that this legislation has more commonly become known to people who are very con-cerned about this issue as the DARK Act, or the Deny Americans the Right to Know Act. And that is really what is at issue here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.017 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5419 July 23, 2015 
This legislation makes a mockery of 
transparency and leaves U.S. con-sumers in the dark. What are they so afraid of? Why deprive Americans of the ability to make educated choices about whether they want food with ge-netically modified ingredients? Why make the labeling of such food just vol-untary? Why not require it as you re-quire basic nutrition information on processed foods now? Why not join the 64 other countries, including the EU, Japan, Australia, Brazil, and China, in empowering our constituents with in-formation, making mandatory label-ing? 
My State of Hawaii is the number 
one State for experimental genetically engineered plant field trials, according to the USDA. Many of my constituents are very concerned about GE crop field testing because of the lack of informa-tion about these trials and the pes-ticides that are being applied to the fields. 
On the island of Kauai, in my dis-
trict, residents organized and passed an ordinance requiring large agrochemical companies to disclose the pesticides they are spraying and observe buffer zones around schools, homes, and hos-pitals to prevent chemical spray drifts. 
The DARK Act could overrule the 
rights of these local communities to make such decisions to protect their health and safety and guide the growth of their agricultural industries. 
This legislation could overturn a ban 
on the cultivation of genetically engi-neered coffee passed by Hawaii Island constituents, potentially damaging the global reputation of Hawaii’s famous and unique Kona coffee, the only do-mestic coffee industry in our country. It could negate a ban on the cultiva-tion of genetically engineered taro, en-dangering a main staple and culturally significant plant for indigenous Native Hawaiians. 
This is why I am calling on my col-
leagues to adopt the Genetically Engi-neered Food Right-to-Know-Act. I urge my colleagues today to vote against the DARK Act and support common-sense labeling as we move forward. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, it is 
clear that there is some misinforma-
tion here. This legislation has literally nothing to do with rules about cultiva-tion. State laws will be able to con-tinue to govern that. That is simply about labeling. I think it is important every one know that. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. G IBBS). 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act. 
When any Federal agency mandates 
what used to be a voluntary process, it can only add to a bureaucratic head-ache. A mandatory process for FDA food labeling approvals would create increased costs for businesses and con-sumers, invite potential litigation, and burden our Nation’s farmers and small businesses. 
I am pleased to see that this bill 
streamlines the voluntary FDA label-ing process, with the help of the USDA, 
to make a combined, joint effort to label food headed to the market. Hav-ing uniform rules for foods with a GMO-free label will benefit consumers and alleviate struggles with interstate commerce in response to a patchwork of State and local labeling standards. H.R. 1599 will help give consumers an opportunity to make an informed choice at the supermarket, while also advancing food safety and consistency in our food labels. 
I thank my colleagues in the Agri-
culture Committee as well as the En-ergy and Commerce Committee for finding a way to make this change in a simple and most effective way. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman from Vermont for yield-ing. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 1599. This 
legislation, which should be called the Deny Americans the Right to Know Act, or DARK Act, represents a major threat to consumer information. States have the right to determine their own local laws relating to GMO labeling, and the Federal Government shouldn’t interfere. 
I frequently hear Republicans talk 
about states’ rights and talk about the big, bad Federal Government; but when it comes down to it, here they want to take away the rights of States and counties and the voice of people, in-stead to support huge corporations and companies. 
Polls prove again and again Ameri-
cans want to know what is in their food. Nine out of ten Americans sup-port genetically engineered labeling, including majorities of Democrats, Re-publicans, Independents, Whites, Latinos, Blacks. What else can bring everybody together? This isn’t a ‘‘handful of activists’’ we are talking about here. We are talking about 90 percent of the American people. 
It is the right of States to be able to 
determine how they label their food. States are doing it as we speak, just as they do with many other things: sell- by requirements; labels on bottled water around deposit requirements; 
States requiring origin of seafood and catfish, whether it is farm raised or wild caught. 
It is a vibrant discussion across the 
States that we should not preempt here in Washington at the behest of a couple major world corporations. We are talk-ing about the rights of hundreds of counties and States and tribes to talk about how close to schools and hos-pitals pesticides can be used that relate to genetically modified organisms. Do we really want pesticides used to kill superbugs sprayed across your 5-year- old child’s playground? 
These are the States that we are 
talking about, not a handful of activ-ists. It includes States like Texas, where legislation has been introduced. 
This bill will remove everything that 
has the right to know for people and for States. We need to stand up to fight 
for the right to allow States and con-sumers to make these kinds of choices for themselves. That is why I cospon-sored my colleague from Maine’s sub-stitute amendment, which will remove the preemption language from the bill. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
DARK Act and to support consumer transparency. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We have heard on multiple occasions 
about this 90 percent number in some poll about folks who want to have this labeling. This doesn’t even pass the smell test. 
When consumers were asked to list 
the items they would like to see la-beled, exactly 7 percent of respondents to a 2013 Rutgers University study vol-unteered GMOs. Frankly, the most re-liable survey, the ballot box, has been 100 percent consistent. Every time a GMO labeling bill has been presented to voters in any State in the United States of America, they have rejected it. 
There is most certainly not 90 per-
cent of the folks wanting to know that. This bill will not deny those handful that do the right to do that. It is dis-ingenuous to offer up anything to the contrary. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS). 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support of H.R. 1599. 
There are real sensitivities around 
GMOs and all issues regarding the food we eat and feed our children and grand-children. It is our job as policymakers, particularly as it relates to the public health, to establish a factually and sci-entifically sound foundation prior to taking any action that would impact consumers in our economy. 
The bill before us today, H.R. 1599, 
does just that by ensuring national uniformity regarding labeling of foods derived from genetically engineered plants by preventing a patchwork of conflicting State or local labeling laws which inherently interfere with inter-state and foreign commerce. 
Genetic engineering in agriculture 
has occurred for centuries. Ingredients from genetically engineered plants have been a part of the U.S. food sup-ply for decades. In fact, as much as 90 percent of our corn, sugar beet, and soybean crops are now genetically en-gineered, and more than 70 percent of processed foods contain ingredients de-rived from such crops. 
The FDA oversees the safety of all 
food products from plant sources, in-cluding those from genetically engi-neered crops. These products must meet the same safety requirements as foods from traditionally bred crops. 
The FDA currently has a consulta-
tion process in place in which devel-opers of the underlying technologies address any outstanding safety or other regulatory issues with the agen-cy prior to marketing their products. The FDA has completed approximately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.018 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5420 July 23, 2015 
100 of such consultations. No products 
have gone to market until FDA safety- related questions have been resolved. 
FDA officials have repeatedly stated 
that the agency has no basis for con-cluding that bioengineered foods are different from other foods in a mean-ingful way, and the World Health Orga-nization has confirmed that ‘‘no effects on human health have been shown as a result of consumption of such foods.’’ In fact, they can grow faster, resist dis-eases and drought, cost less, and prove more nutritious. 
Nonetheless, there recently have 
been a number of State initiatives call-ing for mandatory labeling of food products that contain GMOs. I am con-cerned that a patchwork of State label-ing schemes would be impractical and unworkable. Such a system would cre-ate confusion among consumers and re-sult in higher prices and fewer options. 
Mr. Chairman, I commend Represent-
atives P
OMPEO and B UTTERFIELD for 
their leadership on this legislation. I thank my colleagues on the Agri-culture Committee for working through any issues and reaching con-sensus between the sponsors, commit-tees of jurisdiction, implementing agencies, and impacted stakeholders. I commend the legislation to the House and urge its adoption. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. C
ONYERS ). 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Mr. W ELCH and Mr. M CGOVERN  
for their work on this issue. 
Ladies and gentlemen, one of the 
most important lessons I have learned in the years I have been in this great body is that we have got to be aware of unintended consequences. 
While some claim genetically modi-
fied organisms are safe beyond a rea-sonable doubt, the simple fact is that there is a great deal that we do not know about a technology that alters the basic building blocks of nature. 
We have more to learn about how the 
widespread use of GMOs could hurt the resilience of our food system by reduc-ing the diversity of plant species, and there is much research to undertake on how the chemicals that are used con-currently with GMOs threaten human health. 
Just this year, the World Health Or-
ganization found the herbicide glyphosate to be a probable cause of cancer. GMOs are designed specially to be used with great quantities of this chemical, and the herbicide is being used in increasing quantities around the world. 
This is why Pope Francis, himself, 
recently spoke of the need to exercise greater caution with regard to genet-ical manipulation by biotechnology. This is why more than 90 percent of Americans want GMO labeling, accord-ing to recent polling. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 1599 would make 
it impossible for people to even be mindful of unintended consequences. It makes it impossible for people to know what they are purchasing and eating. 
It prevents States from taking prudent actions to protect consumers and farm-workers. 
Our Nation’s leading legal organiza-
tions, environmental groups, consumer groups, and food safety groups all op-pose H.R. 1599 because it is an attack on transparency and a dangerous at-tack on our great tradition of fed-eralism. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, it is my 
pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the dis-tinguished gentleman from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ), an original co-
sponsor, who is responsible for getting this bill to the state it is in today. 
b1145 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Mr. P
OMPEO for yielding time 
and thank him for his leadership on this issue. I thank Mr. W
ELCH for his 
very thoughtful debate. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
H.R. 1599 and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. This bipar-tisan bill, cosponsored by 106 of our colleagues, creates a science-based na-tionwide labeling standard for plant- based foods. 
It establishes a national GMO-free 
certification program administered by USDA that will provide a government- issued label to qualifying products which will provide a market advantage. 
It requires the FDA to conduct pre-
market safety reviews of all new GM plant varieties before they can be used to produce food, and it requires the FDA to define the term ‘‘natural’’ through a rulemaking process allowing for public input and discussion. 
Despite the downright false claims 
made by the opponents of what it will or won’t do, H.R. 1599 is a measured ap-proach. It gives consumers certainty, while taking into account the delicate balance and sheer size and complexity of the food supply chain that employs tens of millions of Americans and is re-sponsible for feeding the country. 
My opinion is shared by the bill’s 106 
sponsors and by 475 agriculture, science, hunger, and nutrition organi-zations from all 50 States. 
The alternative to H.R. 1599, already 
beginning to play out in some States across the country, is a complex and unworkable patchwork of differing State laws that create an uneven play-ing field that only can cause confusion among consumers and do little to pro-vide transparency. 
Depending on what State regulations 
require, farmers and manufacturers would be forced to set up separate sup-ply chains in order to comply with as many as 50 different State laws. Whole-sale changes to growing, packaging, and shipping foods would have to be made, beginning at the farm and all the way to the supermarket shelf, in order to comply. 
The new infrastructure requirements 
are as daunting as they are costly. You can bet that all of these costs will be passed on to our constituents, with a recent study showing the average cost 
topping $500 a year. For many of my constituents and others across the country, that will not work. 
Despite going in with knowledge of 
the consequences that would result from upending a highly integrated and interconnected system, several States have already moved forward with pro-posals that would require foods con-taining these ingredients to be labeled. This is in response to an unsubstan-tiated claim that foods containing GM ingredients are in some way dangerous; they are not. 
Foods containing GM ingredients are 
safe. Don’t take my word for it. The science regarding the safety of bioengi-neered foods is not murky—the oppo-site, in fact. There have been over 2,000 studies worldwide that shows foods grown from these plants are safe. 
The FDA, USDA, the U.N. Food and 
Agriculture Organization, the Amer-ican Medical Association, National Academy of Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the World Health Organiza-tion, and nearly every major scientific organization agrees that foods pro-duced with bioengineered products are as safe as their non-GMO counterparts. 
Even opponents of GM foods admit 
they ‘‘have failed to produce any unto-ward health effects,’’ but the demoniza-tion of GM foods continue, despite ob-jective science proving the contrary. Those opposed to these foods simply re-ject science. That is tremendously dis-appointing. Along with the bill’s bipar-tisan cosponsors—again, 106—I stand with the science. 
That is why I have worked with my 
friend, Mr. P
OMPEO , and the bill’s co-
sponsors, in advocating for a Federal framework, a Federal framework that puts the FDA and USDA—our Nation’s foremost food safety authorities—in the driver’s seat. 
H.R. 1599 is a balanced approach that 
reduces confusion by providing con-sumers with labeling uniformity across State lines. It also addresses the con-cerns of those opposed to GM foods by establishing a program at USDA that will provide a Federal certification for GMO-free foods, while not neglecting the fact that our Nation’s farmers and manufacturers grow and produce foods that are sold far and wide. 
Without a Federal standard, those 
farmers and manufacturers will be forced to comply with uneven, costly, potentially misleading, onerous State- by-State mandates. 
Compliance will require a new, costly 
supply chain infrastructure that will disrupt our food supply. It will cause confusion, Mr. Chairman, and uncer-tainty among consumers and, ulti-mately, will result in the consumer shouldering the increased costs associ-ated with production. 
In that regard, I thank Chairman 
C
ONAWAY for his commitment to work 
with livestock and meat producers, many of whom operate farms and proc-essing facilities in North Carolina, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.019 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5421 July 23, 2015 
address concerns about the definition 
of those products in the bill. 
I share Mr. C ONAWAY ’s commitment 
to getting the language right on those products and ensuring fair and accu-rate labeling, and I thank him for working so diligently with Mr. P
ETER -
SONon these amendments. 
In conclusion, H.R. 1599 is reasonable 
and, Mr. Chairman, it is workable. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an idea. It is a radical idea. It is something that is unprecedented for this Congress, something that would genuinely surprise the American peo-ple. That idea is simple; let’s give the American people what they want. 
Poll after poll shows that an over-
whelming majority of the American people favor mandatory GMO labeling. People want to know what is in their food that they eat, and they want to know how it is grown. We should give them what they want; yet the bill be-fore us goes in the opposite direction. It keeps the American people in the dark about whether their food contains GMOs. It is no wonder why Congress is so unpopular. 
To the supporters of this ‘‘keep 
Americans in the dark’’ bill, I would ask one simple question: What are you afraid of? 
This debate is not about whether 
GMOs are good or bad. I consume GMOs; my kids consume GMOs. This is about consumers’ rights to know what is in the food that they eat, plain and simple. 
As many of my colleagues know, I 
am passionate about ending hunger, both here in this country and around the world. If I thought for one second that GMO labeling would cause food prices to rise, I wouldn’t be calling for GMO labeling. 
This is a scare tactic being used by 
opponents of GMOs labeling. The fact is companies change their labels all the time, for all kinds of reasons. Trans-portation and commodity prices are drivers of food prices, not labeling. 
If you are worried about 50 States re-
quiring 50 different labels, then support mandatory GMO labeling. Do not over-ride States that have already embraced GMO labeling or consumers who want them. Sixty-four countries already have GMO labeling. Why can’t we? 
American food companies already 
have to label their foods as containing GMOs in those countries. Why can’t American consumers have access to the same information? Keeping consumers in the dark about what is in their food is the wrong approach. 
It is a ‘‘Washington knows best’’ ap-
proach from politicians inside the belt-way who think they know better than the American people. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
H.R. 1599. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to the amount of time re-maining on each side? The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Kansas has 10 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Vermont has 15
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act. 
I also have great appreciation for the 
effort by Mr. P
OMPEO for a thoughtful 
and bipartisan bill that will be success-ful. 
Some of the opponents of this bill, 
based off clear speculation and fear- mongering, are again trying to deny America’s first industry—farming—the necessary technology it needs to grow more food to meet consumer demand in this generation and the next. 
In what other industry do we discour-
age innovation? Why is it that farming technology meets such scorn perpet-uated by activist groups that stand to gain financially by tearing down mod-ern agricultural practices? 
Across numerous States, including 
my home State of California, voters re-soundingly rejected State-mandated GMO labeling. The facts are clear. Biotechs have facilitated the growth of more nutritious crops, all the while re-ducing pesticide spraying by an esti-mated 975 million pounds. 
Biotech crops have also increased 
crops produced, saved over 300 million acres of land, and helped alleviate pov-erty for 16.5 million small farmers and farm families, while reducing agri-culture’s—wait for it—greenhouse gases. 
While some of the colleagues across 
the aisle have advocated consumers have a right to know—and I agree—but mandated labeling will only cause more consumer confusion, while dras-tically increasing the cost of foods for families at the store shelf across the entire Nation. This bill allows con-sumers to have a choice by establishing a voluntary non-GMO labeling pro-gram, much like the successful na-tional organic program. 
It is about common sense and deliv-
ering consumers what they want, choice and confidence while buying their foods without unnecessary confu-sion and high costs. A uniform, 50- State standard helps achieve that goal. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Mrs. C
APPS ). 
Mrs. CAPPS. I thank my colleague 
for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 1599. This misguided legis-lation would limit consumers’ access to information about the food they eat by preempting State laws and codifying the current failed system. 
I want to be clear. This is not a de-
bate about whether or not genetically- engineered foods are safe. It is a debate about whether or not consumers have a right to know what is in their food is the point I hope we can all agree upon. Unfortunately, consumers currently 
do not have access to the information they are looking for when it comes to genetically engineered foods. Current labeling standards are so ineffective that consumers are often confused by the information that they do find. 
Consumers should be able to trust 
that the labeling on food is both accu-rate and truthful. Consumers should not be confused about something as basic and fundamental as the food they eat, but rather than fix this problem, H.R. 1599 simply perpetuates the status quo of confusion. 
The food industry claims the current 
voluntary system is adequate and con-sumers do have information they need; yet despite the fact that there are great numbers of genetically engi-neered foods on the market, very few of them have been labeled as such. 
Our constituents want to know how 
their food is made, and they are calling on us to help make this information more accessible, but instead of re-sponding to this call, this flawed legis-lation ignores the problem and makes it even harder to require labeling in the future. It removes FDA’s authority to craft a national labeling solution yet also prevents States from acting on their own. 
Simply put, this bill prioritizes prof-
its over consumer choice and keeps consumers in the dark. That is why I strongly oppose this bill, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington State (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from Kansas. 
As a third-generation farmer and a 
former director of my State’s Depart-ment of Agriculture, I cannot stress enough the importance of this legisla-tion for our Nation and our world’s food supply. 
Yesterday, I spoke on the merits of 
preventing a patchwork of conflicting State and local GMO labeling laws which would require producers to sell under potentially hundreds of different labels, and I still believe that is a very important element to this debate. 
However, there is another aspect I 
would like to address on why I believe this mandatory labeling law, which some of my colleagues have called for, is a very poor idea. 
Mr. Chairman, I question the motives 
behind some of these arguments. They say they ‘‘want consumers to have in-formation’’ but that can’t actually be their concern because this legislation gives consumers information. It is dis-ingenuous to claim it doesn’t. 
If you want to go to a store and buy 
a ‘‘non-GMO’’ product, much like ‘‘or-ganic’’ or ‘‘cage-free,’’ you can do that under this legislation. It will provide consumers all the information they need to purchase food they think is right for their families. 
So what is their motive? Is it they want to try to scare con-
sumers, to demonize this technology? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.020 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5422 July 23, 2015 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I make a 
point of order. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman will state 
his point of order. 
Mr. WELCH. The point of order is the 
speaker is questioning motives of those on the other side of this argument. 
The CHAIR. Is the gentleman asking 
that the gentleman’s words be taken down? 
Mr. WELCH. No, but I would suggest 
that the—— 
The CHAIR. The Chair would gen-
erally advise Members to avoid engag-ing in personalities. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, 
antiscience, fear-mongering strategies cannot be left unanswered. I believe there are a few things people should know about biotechnology. 
First, I appreciate anyone’s safety 
concerns. That is why it is important to note that the USDA and the FDA rigorously test every biotech crop for human safety for years before anything can be brought to the market. 
To be clear, no peer-reviewed study— 
and there have been hundreds—has ever found GMO foods have caused health concerns, ever. 
b1200 
Individuals have concerns about envi-
ronmental impacts. I appreciate that, too. But what many people don’t know is that, by turning on just one gene in corn, we now have a corn that is sig-nificantly more pest-resistant, which means huge reductions in the use of pesticides. We can do this with other crops as well. To be probiotech is to be proenvironment. 
There is a type of rice that is vitamin 
A-enriched and has the ability to pre-vent hundreds of thousands of cases of blindness and death from vitamin A de-ficiency around the world. 
There is a really nasty type of wheat 
rot called UG–99 spreading from Africa and the Middle East that has the abil-ity to kill 90 percent of the world’s wheat supply. 
To be clear, this would cause a global 
famine. Scientists are looking at a way to create rot-resistant wheat through biotechnology and gene sequencing, which would save millions and millions of lives. 
Mr. Chair, this technology is good 
proenvironment, lifesaving technology. And while I agree we need to have a system to give consumers the freedom to use it or not, which this bill does, we cannot allow antiscience opponents of biotechnology to use scare tactics that would cost millions of lives in the end. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-
utes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). 
Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, as a vet-
erinarian and an organic farmer, hav-ing spent 6 years in the House Ag Com-mittee, including 2 as ranking member of the Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research Subcommittee, I have studied GMOs very closely, and it is something I take very seriously. In fact, back in the eighties, I helped write our State 
organic standards in Oregon. 
For thousands of years, humans have 
grown or bred plants and animals to choose the most desirable traits for breeding the next generations in an ef-fort to help them to be able to resist pests, disease, and increase yields. 
Through biotechnology, we have been 
able to increase productivity and effi-ciency while reducing the number of inputs, like water and pesticides, re-sulting in higher crop yields. Higher crop yields per acre allow for better land management and the conservation of marginal lands. 
GMOs, in combination with good ag-
ricultural practices, also improve soil quality and reduce pollution by allow-ing farmers to till, work the ground, less often or not at all, reducing soil erosion and reducing the carbon foot-print of agriculture. 
If you are worried about climate 
change and want good science, you should be for this bill. GM crops flour-ish in challenging environments with-out the aid of expensive pesticides or equipment that play an important role in alleviating hunger and food stress in the developing world. 
This is precisely why I am very con-
cerned about the demonization of bio-technology and the rejection by many of the supporting science behind it. 
Food labeling should be about health 
and safety. The reason we have USDA and FDA is to provide uniform protec-tion to consumers across this country, to avoid a patchwork of politically mo-tivated, nonscientific, mythological regulations by activists, not scientists. And right to know is protected in this bill. 
We have heard from many on polls. I 
would like to cite one. The Pew Re-search Center conducted a poll recently and found that nearly 90 percent—yes, 90 percent—of the scientific commu-nity found genetically engineered food is safe and poses no health threat to the environment or humans. 
H.R. 1599 provides a uniform standard 
for non-GMO products through a USDA-administered program and en-sures national uniformity for non-GE claims, providing consistency in the marketplace while ensuring consumer confidence in the integrity of the label. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank my colleague from Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ). I know this 
hasn’t been an easy path to get to where we are today, to allow for con-sumers in all 50 States to be able to know what is in their food. 
I congratulate my colleague from 
Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ) on the hard work 
he and his staff and those on the House Energy and Commerce Committee and House Ag Committee have put forth to make this bill a reality today. 
I am proud, as a subcommittee chair-
man on the House Ag Committee for Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Re-search, to put my name on an amend-
ment to this bill. 
I am proud to stand here today to 
support this bill as a member of that committee and, also, as a dad who is responsible for shopping for many of the products that we are going to see this label put on in the grocery stores when I go home every weekend. 
Biotechnology is crucial to our abil-
ity to feed the world. It is a critical technology, so much so in my district in central Illinois that earlier this month I went on a biotech tour in my district. 
I visited plants and research facili-
ties from Litchfield, Illinois, to Clin-ton, Illinois. I met with workers and scientists who are committed to devel-oping better seed products that will help us feed a growing world. 
Mr. Chairman, it will help us feed a 
growing world. So many people that don’t live in this great country, where we take for granted our ability to have access to the safest food supply on this globe, don’t have access to food. 
Biotechnology allows us to grow that 
food in countries where people need food. They need to eat. They don’t know where their next meal is coming from. Without biotechnology, we are not going to be able to feed the billions that are going to be required in the coming years. 
I want to tell you about Pioneer 
technology in Litchfield, Illinois, who is developing a soybean seed that won’t have transfats. I thought that was good, Mr. Chairman. But this is the type of technology that we are talking about here. 
Science is on our side. Science shows 
that GMOs and biotechnology are safe. As a matter of fact, just earlier today I was at a panel discussion with Alexis Taylor, the Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services right here at our USDA. 
She even made a comment that 
GMOs are good for climate change. That should make many of my col-leagues in this Chamber happy. But, unfortunately, I don’t think that will get them to ‘‘yes’’ on this vote. 
We are hearing a lot about motives, 
Mr. Chairman. Our motives are to make sure that every single American in all 50 States has access, has the transparency, knows what is in their food. 
This is exactly what H.R. 1599 is 
going to do for every single one of them. Every mom and dad in this coun-try is going to know what is in their food. 
That is exactly why we are doing 
this. That is exactly why I am here to support this bill. That is exactly why I am proud of my colleague from Kansas (Mr. P
OMPEO ) for doing exactly what 
we are going to do today. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I will now 
enter into the R ECORD two articles, 
‘‘Mandatory GMO Labeling’’ and ‘‘NFU Union Reiterates Support for Manda-tory GMO Labeling.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.022 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5423 July 23, 2015 
[From the Huffington Post, July 23, 2015] 
MANDATORY GMO L ABELING —IT’SYOUR 
RIGHT TOKNOW 
(By Gary Hirshberg) 
The crossfire on whether or not to require 
mandatory labeling of GMOs has become so heated and partisan that it’s hard to discern the facts from rhetoric. The latest volley was last week’s Slate essay that challenged labeling proponents’ lack of substantive proof that GMOs are unsafe or unhealthy. Author William Saletan raises many valid points, but equally fails to address the hy-perbole and enormous gaps between the promise and actual performance of agricul-tural biotechnology. But beyond this imbal-ance, he entirely misses the fact that there is a long history of government-enacted la-beling disclosures that have nothing to do with safety concerns. There are no unique risks associated with orange juice ‘‘from concentrate’’ compared to fresh juice, or from ‘‘wild caught’’ vs. farmed fish, but both require labeling so that consumers can choose. Most content on food labels is gov-ernment mandated, marketing oriented, or intended to inform consumers about infor-mation that people just want to know. 
And that is the fact that trumps all the 
others. Despite years of heated and often ex-aggerated rhetoric on both sides of the GMO labeling debate, poll after poll reveals that the public’s skepticism has remained un-changed and that people just want to know. The latest Mellman polls show the same re-sults as polls taken three years ago—nine in every 10 of Americans want labels on foods containing GMOs so they can make up their own minds. Here are the three reasons why this choice makes sense: 
INADEQUATE SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH  
There have been essentially no studies by 
the government or independent researchers designed to assess the long-term public health impacts of growing and consuming GMO crops. FDA approvals are essentially based on studies conducted by industry. GMO technology developers design and con-duct all of the studies carried out on their own inventions, interpret the results (almost always finding ‘‘no new or novel risk’’), and report their conclusion to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as part of a ‘‘vol-untary consultation.’’ The FDA then per-forms a cursory appraisal of the submitted data, and rarely asks for additional informa-tion. It does not verify the data’s reliability, nor attempt to independently confirm the conclusions drawn from it by the companies. This is why the FDA is always careful to say, in closing out a ‘‘voluntary consultation’’ that ‘‘you [the company] have concluded . . .’’ 
The lack of credible, independent research 
on GMO safety, performance, and economics is the root cause of lingering controversies over GMO crops like papaya and golden rice, as well as confusion over whether Integrated Pest Management, organic systems, or GMOs are the best way to deal with pests. 
In order for us to be able to trust the 
science, both the public and private sectors need to invest more heavily in the work and careers of independent scientists willing to develop and apply improved tools to monitor the impacts of GMO technology and alter-natives. Until then, skepticism will not di-minish, in spite of the propaganda. 
DRASTICALLY INCREASED HERBICIDE USE  
DESPITE CLAIMS TO THE CONTRARY  
While proponents promised that GMO 
crops would reduce pesticide use, they have, in fact, locked farmers into unilateral, chemical and toxin-based pest management systems that are bad for farmers, the envi-ronment, and consumers. However, the use of herbicides, a category of pesticides that kill 
weeds, has explosively increased, according to USDA survey data. Where GMO soybeans and cotton are grown in 2015, overall per acre herbicide plus insecticide use will be close to double the level in 1996 at the dawn of the GMO era. 
Since the mid-1990s, when biotech compa-
nies introduced genetically engineered crops that are not adversely impacted by the her-bicide glyphosate, its use has increased 16- fold to the point where the USGS has found glyphosate in 60–100 percent of Iowa rain-water. Over-use of this formerly effective weed control has led to the rapid spread of over a dozen serious glyphosate-resistant weeds, so now farmers must now spray three, four, or five herbicides. This includes older products with greater potential to cause damage. Farmers also now apply herbicides throughout the growing season instead of a single application at the beginning with greater potential to damage the soil, harm wildlife, and increase collateral damage, par-ticularly among those living in farming areas and drinking water with multiple her-bicide residues in it. 
Thanks in large part to to GMO crop tech-
nology, glyphosate is now by far the most heavily used pesticide in history, both in the U.S. and worldwide. Glyphosate is now show-ing-up in the drinking water, air and breast milk of mothers in areas where these herbi-cides are in concentrated use. Most people on the planet are exposed to glyphosate on a near-daily basis. And this past spring, the world’s most respected cancer research group—the World Health Organization’s International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) classified glyphosate as ‘‘probably carcinogenic.’’ 
So to summarize, regardless of whether 
GMOs are ultimately found to be safe to eat, the WHO IARC findings raise serious ques-tions about whether they are safe to grow. As resistance continues to escalate due to over-use, farmers will have no choice but to continue increasing their use of these toxic herbicides. This is surely material to us all. 
IT’S SIMPLY OUR RIGHT TO KNOW  
Responsible advocates are not demanding 
mandatory GMO labeling because they are unsafe; we are demanding labeling because people want, and have a right to know how our foods are grown. Just Label It and other responsible labeling proponents have never argued that science has proven GMOs to be unsafe, although we have and will continue to make the case for more in-depth, inde-pendent science using state-of-the-art meth-ods to be as sure as possible that they are safe. But while scientific questions persist over the safety of today’s GMO crops, the now sharply upward trajectory in the amount of herbicide needed to bring most GMO crops to harvest on every continent on which GMO, herbicide-tolerant crops have been planted, is deeply worrisome. 
People have dozens of valid reasons for 
wanting to know whether their food is from genetically engineered crops. Some are grounded in religious or ethical views. Oth-ers reflect concern over the long-term con-sequences of corporate control over both seeds and the food supply. Yet others legiti-mately believe that there has been inad-equate independent testing of GMOs for health and safety. 
Whatever the reason, it is clear that facts 
and rhetoric will continue to be debated for years to come. In the interim, mandatory la-beling of GMO foods will give consumers an-other option to steer clear of uncertainty and support farming systems and technology more closely aligned with personal values and concerns. This Thursday, Congress will vote on H.R. 1599 the so-called Safe and Ac-curate Food Labeling Act (colloquially 
called the ‘‘DARK Act’’ for Denying Ameri-cans the Right to Know), which deceptively purports to support federal labeling disclo-sures. But in fact, this bill would effectively block any hopes of American joining the other 64 nations around the world who have instituted mandatory GMO labeling. This bill needs to be stopped so that all interested parties—food companies, farmers, regulators and consumers can sit down at a table and forge a mutually acceptable and responsible mandatory labeling protocol free of hyper-bole and judgment that simply allows con-sumers to vote in the marketplace for the kind of food system we want. 
Please contact your congressperson and 
tell them to stop the DARK Act and vote against H.R. 1599. 
[From the National Farmers Union, July 21, 
2015] 
NFU R EITERATES SUPPORT FOR MANDATORY  
GMO L ABELING , OPPOSES POMPEO BILLBUT 
NOTES PROGRESS  
WASHINGTON .—In light of the U.S. House of 
Representatives’ consideration of the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act (H.R. 1599), National Farmers Union (NFU) President Roger Johnson again highlighted NFU policy on Genetically Modified Organism (GMO) la-beling. The policy supports conspicuous, mandatory, uniform and federal labeling for food products throughout the processing chain to include all ingredients, additives and processes, including genetically altered or engineered food products. 
‘‘NFU appreciates efforts by Representa-
tives Pompeo, R–Kansas, and Davis, R–Illi-nois, to reduce consumer confusion and standardize a GMO label,’’ said Johnson. ‘‘The bill passed out of committee makes significant improvements over previous versions of this bill. Absent a mandatory la-beling framework, however, NFU cannot sup-port this bill.’’ 
Johnson noted that the bill has changed 
several times from the one introduced during the last Congress. Improvements include ad-ditional authority for the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), a labeling framework that if utilized could reduce consumer confu-sion, greater emphasis on the Food and Drug Administration’s role in safety reviews, and a GMO label that works in conjunction with USDA’s organic seal instead of counter to it. 
‘‘Consumers increasingly want to know 
more information about their food, and pro-ducers want to share that information with them,’’ said Johnson. ‘‘It is time to find com-mon ground that includes some form of man-datory disclosure for the benefit of all as-pects of the value chain, but this bill is not that common ground.’’ 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, at this time 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I was 
pleased to hear the gentleman who pre-ceded me in the well acknowledge cli-mate change and say that GMOs are the solution. 
I do think climate change is a prob-
lem. I don’t think GMOs are the solu-tion. 
Let’s go to some of the arguments we 
have just heard: This is what we have been doing for millennia, hybridiza-tion, you know, where you graft the plant onto another plant. 
I am not quite sure when the last 
time was when a flounder mated with a tomato plant, but we now have toma-toes that have injected into them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.007 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5424 July 23, 2015 
flounder genes in order to enhance pro-
duction, or the last time an eel mated with a salmon. They are putting eel genes into genetically modified salm-on—Frankenfish—so they will grow twice as fast as other fish, twice as fast. 
Now, they say: Don’t worry. They 
won’t get out. And, besides that, most of them are sterile. Yes. Right. Okay. So what happens when they do get out and they begin to cross-breed with real salmon as opposed to eel salmon or whatever these things are? 
This bill would prohibit any labeling. 
You catch a real salmon, it is a salm-on. You present someone with a GMO eel salmon, it is a salmon. You can’t distinguish. You don’t have to disclose. So that is not exactly hybridization, folks. 
You know this thing about being po-
litically motivated, nonscientific, and scare tactics because we want to have it disclosed that GMOs are contained in the product. Well, I didn’t hear those arguments when they required red dye number two or cellulose or xanthan gum. Why not GMOs? 
Sixty-four countries require the la-
beling of products that contain GMOs, not the United States of America. Bas-tions of democracy like China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, require it for their con-sumers. But, no, we are not going to allow that in the United States of America. 
Proliferation of labels. Yes. That is 
happening at the State level. And that is states’ rights, which Republicans normally are for, except when a State does something they don’t like, and then they are against it. 
But there is a solution to that, my 
bill, which would require a uniform na-tional label which just simply discloses ‘‘contains GMOs.’’ It won’t cost any ad-ditional money, since they are having to change the nutritional labels any-way. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Mr. WELCH. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Now, we heard a lot 
about pesticides. This is great. Let’s talk about Monsanto and glyphosate- resistant corn. 
They are using more pesticides today 
on cornfields than they did histori-cally, more, and they had glyphosate- resistant corn. 
They dumped the glyphosate on the 
corn: Don’t worry. There will never be a glyphosate-resistant weed. Oops. They were wrong. Weeds everywhere now taking over the cornfield. 
Let’s change that up. We are now 
going to have 2,4–D—remember Agent Orange? Pretty darn close—resistant corn. They are going to dump thou-sands, millions, of tons of 2,4–D over this corn. 
That is the net result of this sort of 
forward movement that they are tout-ing as helping us deal with pesticide and herbicide issues: Oh. Don’t worry. There will never be a 2,4–D resistant weed. If there is, don’t worry. They will 
get an even more toxic chemical. 
They are addicting farmers to their 
products and addicting farmers to buy-ing more and more of their pesticides. 
We have now seen milkweed wiped 
out in the Midwest, causing a crisis with monarch butterflies, who are ac-tually a pretty critical pollinator. Most people don’t know that, appar-ently. And that is the result of all this glyphosate and the coming of 2,4–D. 
I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ). 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food La-beling Act, also known as ‘‘the DARK Act.’’ One of my concerns is that this bill blocks the FDA from creating a na-tional mandatory GMO labeling sys-tem. 
The current voluntary labeling sys-
tem is not providing consumers with the information they need because only 2 percent of the products on the shelves have voluntarily submitted to the non- GMO labeling process. 
It is apparent that mandatory label-
ing is sorely needed, such as the kind required by Mr. D
EFAZIO, the gen-
tleman from Oregon’s bill, the Geneti-cally Engineered Food Right to Know Act. 
In addition, what has happened to 
the outcry for states’ rights from the other side of the aisle? This bill pre-empts States from passing their own GMO labeling laws. 
This would essentially invalidate the 
will of the people and, in so doing, limit a State’s ability to respond to the individual needs of its constituents. 
There have been many discussions 
and conversations surrounding this bill. One such discussion has been ex-tremely troubling, debasing, and scorn-ful. Specifically, there are some who say that poor people don’t care what is in their food, nor do they care what they eat. 
Let me be clear: I don’t care whether 
you are wealthy or poor. All Americans deserve to know what is in their food. Poor people are, first and foremost, human beings. They are not marginal subordinates in a democratic civil soci-ety. 
Poor people deserve the same respect 
and consideration as the wealthy. De-spite what some may think, poor peo-ple do care about what food they eat, and they should be able to choose what they put in their bodies. 
I will say it again. All Americans de-
serve to know what is in their food. I ask my colleagues to join me in oppos-ing H.R. 1599, the DARK Act. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
OSTA ). 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chair, I rise to urge 
my colleagues to support the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling measure be-
fore us. 
This legislation, I understand, cre-
ates a great deal of angst among var-ious supporters and opponents. We have heard that. But it also creates a uniform, science-based labeling stand-ard. I think that is a move forward. 
It also creates Federal regulations 
for the Food and Drug Administration and the United States Department of Agriculture to remain preeminent au-thorities in food safety and labeling, just as it has been for decades. 
Additionally, it creates a national 
GMO-free certification program so con-sumers who choose to buy non-GMO foods have the ability to do so without the higher prices or the misleading la-beling. 
This legislation does not reject con-
sumers’ rights to choose. While the op-ponents of this measure wish it would do other things, it does not. I think it is a balanced attempt. 
Furthermore, the voters of Cali-
fornia, as many of you may know, re-cently, in proposition 37, had an oppor-tunity to put in GMO labeling. Mr. Chairman, 42 percent said ‘‘yes,’’ and 58 percent of the voters of California said ‘‘no.’’ 
I urge we support this legislation. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chair, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 
the balance of my time to close. 
I thank the gentleman from Kansas 
(Mr. P
OMPEO ), my colleague on the En-
ergy and Commerce Committee. He is a good man. Sometimes he is misguided, but he likes Ben & Jerry’s ice cream. I appreciate that. And it is GMO-free. 
But I do want to address seriously 
the arguments the gentleman has made because, number one, this is a serious issue. It is a serious issue, first of all, because this legislation puts handcuffs on all of our State legislatures from doing whatever it is they deem in the best interest of their people. 
b1215 
Secondly, it puts handcuffs on voters. 
Mr. P
OMPEO said that voters have re-
jected this. In some ballot initiatives, that is the case. He is right. Why pass a law that takes that power from the voters and invest it here? 
This is a very serious policy question 
where the United States House of Rep-resentatives is intruding into the ef-forts of States to represent the people that they serve. 
By the way, three States have passed 
laws by overwhelming margins. In Vermont, the Vermont Senate bipar-tisan body, it was a 26–2 vote; the Vermont House bipartisan body, it was 114–30 vote. In Connecticut, it was 143– 3 in the House and 35–1 in the Senate. In Maine, it was 114–4, and it was unanimously passed in the Senate 35–0. 
What we are doing in the House of 
Representatives right now is saying to the Vermont legislature, saying to the Maine legislature, and saying to the Connecticut legislature: Drop dead. What you passed, we are taking away. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.024 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5425 July 23, 2015 
I don’t think that is right. 
I will make an acknowledgement. 
Sometimes, it is the right thing for the Federal Government or the Congress to preempt State action so that it can have a uniform, across-the-board standard. That is what the DeFazio bill does. It acknowledges that so you don’t have this patchwork. 
This bill, with voluntary labeling, in 
effect, creates a patchwork. Does it mean that company A decides they do want to label and they write the label they want and company B writes an-other label or doesn’t? What does that mean for consumers? 
First of all, in all likelihood, there 
will be no labels. Secondly, there will be the patchwork produced by this leg-islation that is what the critics of the State-by-State approach say they want to avoid. 
Next, there was an assertion by my 
friend from Texas, Mr. C
ONAWAY , that a 
label is a warning. I think that really goes to the heart of what the dispute here is. Is a label a warning? 
In fact, the proponents of the DeFa-
zio bill and the opponents of this bill are not asserting that the purpose of the label is to suggest there is sci-entific evidence indicating GMOs cause health problems. What a label is, is in-formation; and the consumer then de-cides. Your consumers and my con-sumers, they decide. Whatever their reason is, they have a right to decide to buy product A or B, depending on what is in it or what is not in it. 
What is the big fear about letting 
consumers know? A lot of the big advo-cates that are pushing this are, in fact, some of these manufacturers that cre-ate products that they sell to farmers, and Mr. D
EFAZIO outlined that in his 
argument. They fear that the label will reduce the saleability of that product. 
Here is the irony: If what they are 
producing and selling is so good and so nutritious and so tasty and so yummy, why not let the consumer know what is in it? That would be something you would want to advertise. 
This really is a very profound deci-
sion by this Congress. Number one, it is telling States that have been taking initiative on the basis of their citizens’ desires that they can’t do it anymore. Number two, in the name of avoiding a patchwork set of regulations, it is cre-ating the inevitability of a patchwork. Then, three, in a very basic way, it is telling American consumers that it is really none of their business what is in their product, no matter how much they really want to know what is in their product. 
I urge that we vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat 
this measure and stand for State rights and consumer rights to know. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time to close. 
As I close, I would like to offer my 
thanks first to Mr. W
ELCH for the re-
spectful debate today and for the ice cream. I would like to thank my lead cosponsor, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , for his hard work all along the way; as well as 
being the chairman of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, he has leaned into this and really made us able to get where we are today 
I would like to thank Chairman 
U
PTON , Chairman C ONAWAY , and Rank-
ing Member P ETERSON for their support 
and effort in getting this legislation to the floor as well. I would like to thank all the staff on the Energy and Com-merce and Agriculture Committees for their hard work, too. 
I would be remiss if I didn’t thank 
Blake Hollander on my staff, who put in long hours making sure this com-monsense bipartisan bill was ready for the floor. 
Mr. Chairman, it is really very sim-
ple. H.R. 1599 has two very simple goals. First, it is to ensure families in Kansas and across the country have ac-cess to nutritious and affordable food; and, second, it is to make sure that those who wish to avoid food products that contain GMOs will be able to do so, that they will not be denied the right to know. 
In place of a convoluted patchwork of 
loophole-filled State or local labeling laws, we will ensure that our food pol-icy is science based and transparent to consumers. 
Let’s be very clear. Consumers who 
wish to avoid foods containing GMOs are able to do so today, and they will be able to do so after this bill becomes law—except it is better now. There will now be a clear standard about what that term really means. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a common-
sense, proconsumer, profarmer bill that brings clarity to food labeling and keeps affordable food for our constitu-ents. 
I encourage all my colleagues to sup-
port H.R. 1599, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair, on June 
23, 2015, the House considered H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act. It is my intention to vote against this legislation. For the past four decades I have fought tire-lessly for one of the finest products in the world, wild Alaskan salmon. The multi-billion dollar seafood industry in Alaska is the largest private sector employer in my state. Yet the approval of a genetically engineered (GE) salmon, or ‘‘Frankenfish’’ as I call it, could put our thriving and iconic fishing sector in jeop-ardy. 
Frankenfish could pose a grave threat to our 
wild salmon stocks in Alaska, and the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) support for approving GE salmon is disturbing. Equally disturbing is the fact that, if approved, the FDA has said that it would not require GE salmon to be labeled. 
In today’s global marketplace, a consumer’s 
access to accurate ingredient information is paramount. Clear and accurate GE labeling requirements attempt to mitigate the risk of market confusion or rejection by countries that have no interest in purchasing the hybrid orga-nism. Consumer confusion about what types of salmon or seafood are genetically engi-neered may deter shoppers from purchasing these products altogether. If GE salmon is ap-proved despite opposition from Congress and 
nearly two million people who wrote in to the FDA, it should be clearly labeled to avoid the potential market rejection of all salmon. 
In an effort to ensure that Alaskan con-
sumers have this essential information, Alaska enacted legislation in 2005 that requires the labeling of all products containing GE fish and shellfish. However, the so-called Safe and Ac-curate Food Labeling Act (H.R. 1599), recently referred out of the House Agriculture Com-mittee, would block states like Alaska from re-quiring mandatory labeling of GE fish while also curtailing FDA’s ability to craft a true, na-tional GE labeling system. Rather, its pro-ponents would suggest that Alaskan fishermen should go through a costly non-GMO certifi-cation if they want consumers to know that their salmon is not genetically engineered. Why should all U.S. salmon fishermen have to prove their salmon are non-GMO when farmed GE salmon coming into the U.S. from other countries would not. It is insufficient for con-sumers and it is insufficient for Alaska’s thriv-ing fishing industry. 
For these reasons, I oppose H.R. 1599 in 
defense of states’ rights to decide these im-portant matters for themselves. All consumers should be able to see whether their salmon is Frankenfish or not. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise in oppo-
sition to this legislation, which would preempt the ability of states to require GMO labeling laws. 
Numerous studies have shown that Ameri-
cans want to know what’s in their food. As states respond to this trend, we should not re-strict their ability to keep consumers informed about the food they eat. GMO labeling laws are widely supported by consumers in over 60 countries including China, Russia and the Eu-ropean Union. We should not deny states the ability to make this decision for their residents. 
While I understand the concerns about the 
potential for a patchwork of state labeling laws, companies, can, of course, voluntarily choose to provide GMO information on their labeling. In fact, many of those opposing this legislation provide information on GMO prod-ucts in Europe and other countries. 
Mr. Chair, this bill was rushed through the 
Agriculture Committee and came too quickly to the House floor before we could have a seri-ous discussion about GMO labeling and con-sumer rights. We must closely study the mer-its of the bill and find common ground be-tween labeling and a consumer’s right to know before we vote on this far-reaching legislation. 
Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Chair, I rise today to 
highlight an editorial that my good friend and colleague, Congresswoman C
HELLIE PINGREE  
of Maine and I recently wrote expressing our opposition to H.R. 1599, the Safe and Accu-rate Food Labeling Act. It appeared in the July 21, 2015 online edition of The Boston Globe. 
[From the Boston Globe, July 21, 2015] 
LETAMERICANS DECIDE FOR THEMSELVES ON  
GMO S 
(By Jim McGovern and Chellie Pingree) 
America has a proud tradition of empow-
ering consumers. You can walk into any gro-cery store in the country, pick up a product from the shelf, and immediately learn the calorie count, the amount of protein per serving, and the full list of ingredients. 
So it’s alarming that Congress could soon 
pass a bill that aims to keep consumers in the dark when it comes to foods with geneti-cally modified organisms, or GMOs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.025 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5426 July 23, 2015 
This week, the House of Representative 
will consider the Safe and Accurate Food La-beling Act. Unfortunately, the bill does nothing to support safe and accurate food la-beling. Instead, it protects the status quo by preventing states from requiring labels on foods containing GMO ingredients and locks in the current and inadequate voluntary GMO labeling system. 
As more of the foods we eat contain GMOs, 
consumers naturally want to know which foods contain them. All they are asking for are the facts. This bill ignores that. 
Congress needs to pass a law that puts con-
sumers first by requiring mandatory GMO labeling across the country, eliminating con-fusion and establishing one national stand-ard. 
Polls consistently show that there is over-
whelming support for clearly labeling foods that have been genetically modified or con-tain GMO ingredients. In a 2012 survey by the Mellman Group, 89 percent were in favor of labeling with 77 percent saying they ‘‘strong-ly’’ prefer GMO labeling. That same survey also showed strong bipartisan support for GMO labeling with huge majorities of Demo-crats (85 percent), independents (93 percent), and Republicans (88 percent) all in favor. 
While Congress has been stuck in neutral, 
states have stepped up and passed laws that give the power back to consumers. In 2014, Vermont became the first state to require mandatory GMO labeling. Connecticut and Maine have both passed laws to require la-beling and more than a dozen other states are considering similar oversight, including Massachusetts. What’s more, 64 other coun-tries have GMO labeling, including Brazil whose consumption patterns are similar to those in the United States. 
Supporters of the bill claim that GMO la-
beling will increase food prices. While plenty of things impact the prices we pay at the grocery store—including transportation costs and ingredient costs—GMO labeling is not one of them. In study after study, we have seen that a simple GMO disclaimer on food packaging will not increase prices. 
Food companies change their labels all the 
time to make new claims, and all food com-panies will soon have to change their labels to make important changes to the Nutrition Fact Panel. Adding a few words to the back of the food package about genetic engineer-ing will not have any impact of the cost of making food. 
Opponents of updating food labeling made 
the same bogus arguments when they fought nutrition labeling in the 1980s. Back then, they claimed that disclosing the presence of calories, salt, fat, and sugar would require costly reformulations. But those much more significant changes to foods labels—adding the Nutrition Facts Panel and including more information about ingredients—didn’t change the price of food at all. 
Americans want more information, not 
less. What we need is one law that makes GMO labeling mandatory across the country and establishes a single national standard that eliminates confusion and puts con-sumers in charge. 
This debate isn’t about the safety of GMOs. 
It’s about consumers’ right to know what’s in the food they put on their tables. We ought to give them that right. 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer 
my strong support of the bipartisan Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015. I want to recognize the hard work my colleague of Mr. P
OMPEO , as well as the efforts of both the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Agriculture into this legislation. 
As a representative from the great State of 
Iowa, I am extremely sensitive and aware of the issues facing agriculture—from farm to 
fork—and I am aware of the challenges my constituents face while producing the delicious and nutritious food the rest of us consume. On an annual basis, Iowa grows $12B worth of corn and $5.7B worth of soybeans, of which 95% and 97%, respectively, are Genetically Modified Organisms—or GMOs. Recently, states began to enact laws that required label-ing of these GMO products, often with exemp-tions for local products, would increase com-pliance costs for producers and create confu-sion for consumers. 
This bill addresses the current patchwork of 
state biotechnology labeling requirements— compliance with which would be a daunting task for the producers in my district that dis-tribute food throughout the United States—by providing a mechanism for uniform labeling re-quirements. No one benefits—not farmers, nor food manufacturers and processors, nor retail-ers, and most of all, not consumers—from a confusing collection of state laws—each dif-ferent, with different requirements—creating great confusion among consumers in the mar-ketplace. 
It does so by establishing a voluntary non- 
GMO labeling program at USDA modeled after the highly successful National Organic Pro-gram. Today, when consumers go into a gro-cery store, they may see a wide variety of products that may have a non-GMO label on it. However, there isn’t a standard that defines what a non-GMO product is or is not. The lan-guage of the bill directs the USDA to establish standards and certification process for pro-ducers in order to put a non-GMO label on their products. 
Mr. Chair, a number of constituents along 
with some of my colleagues, are advocating for mandatory labeling for GMO products be-cause consumers have a right to know what is in their food. I agree—consumers have a right to know—and the standards set by the USDA under this legislation will provide consumers with all the information necessary to make in-formed decisions and choices on their grocery stores purchases. This bill protects and en-hances consumer choice by establishing a vol-untary non-GMO labeling program—without costing them an extra $500 a year per family that economists at Cornell University estimate mandatory labeling would. 
Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to sup-
port H.R. 1599—over 470 agricultural and food organizations that represent the entire food chain have already done so. The legisla-tion enhances consumer choice, clears up confusion in the marketplace, and enhances consumer confidence in the food we eat. 
Vote ‘‘Yes’’ on H.R. 1599. The CHAIR. All time for general de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
In lieu of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee print 114–24, modified by 
the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–216. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1599 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Savings clause. 
TITLE I—FOOD SAFETY AFFIRMATION 
FOR CERTAIN PLANT PRODUCTS 
Subtitle A—Food and Drug Administration 
Sec. 101. Consultation process. 
Subtitle B—Department of Agriculture 
Sec. 111. Regulation. 
Sec. 112. Regulations. Sec. 113. Preemption. Sec. 114. Rule of construction. Sec. 115. Implementation report. 
TITLE II—GENETIC ENGINEERING 
CERTIFICATION 
Sec. 201. Genetic engineering certification. 
Sec. 202. Regulations. Sec. 203. Preemption. Sec. 204. Applicability. 
TITLE III—NATURAL FOODS 
Sec. 301. Labeling of natural foods. 
Sec. 302. Regulations. Sec. 303. Preemption. Sec. 304. Effective date. 
SEC. 2. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act (or the amendments made 
by this Act) is intended to alter or affect the au-thorities or regulatory programs, policies, and procedures otherwise available to, or the defini-tions used by, the Food and Drug Administra-tion under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) or the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service under the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), to ensure the safety of the food supply and the protection of plant health. 
TITLE I—FOOD SAFETY AFFIRMATION FOR 
CERTAIN PLANT PRODUCTS 
Subtitle A—Food and Drug Administration 
SEC. 101. CONSULTATION PROCESS. 
Chapter IV of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after sec-tion 423 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 350l) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 424. FOOD DERIVED FROM NEW PLANT VA-
RIETIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
tinue to administer the consultation process es-tablished under the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s policy statement entitled ‘Statement of Policy: Food Derived from New Plant Varieties’ published in the Federal Register on May 29, 1992 (57 Fed. Reg. 22,984). 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF MATERIAL DIF-
FERENCE BETWEEN FOOD FROM GENETICALLY  
ENGINEERED PLANTS AND COMPARABLE FOODS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection 
(a), the use of genetic engineering does not, by itself, constitute information that is material for purposes of determining whether there is a dif-ference between a food produced from, con-taining, or consisting of a genetically engi-neered plant and a comparable food. 
‘‘(2) L
ABELING REQUIRED .—The Secretary may 
require that the labeling of a food produced from, containing, or consisting of a genetically engineered plant contain a statement to ade-quately inform consumers of a difference be-tween the food so produced and its comparable food if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(A) there is a material difference in the func-
tional, nutritional, or compositional characteris-tics, allergenicity, or other attributes between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.012 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5427 July 23, 2015 
the food so produced and its comparable food; 
and 
‘‘(B) the disclosure of such material difference 
is necessary to protect public health and safety or to prevent the label or labeling of the food so produced from being false or misleading in any particular.’’. 
Subtitle B—Department of Agriculture 
SEC. 111. REGULATION. 
The Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et 
seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle F—Coordination of Food Safety and 
Agriculture Programs 
‘‘SEC. 461. NOTIFICATION RELATING TO CERTAIN 
GENETICALLY ENGINEERED PLANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), it 
shall be unlawful to sell or offer for sale in interstate commerce a nonregulated genetically engineered plant for use or application in food or a food produced from, containing, or con-sisting of a nonregulated genetically engineered plant unless— 
‘‘(1)(A) the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services notified the entity seeking evaluation of a food produced from, containing, or consisting of the genetically engineered plant in writing that the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, in evaluating the food from the genetically engineered plant through the consultation proc-ess referred to in section 424(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, has no objections to the entity’s determination that food produced from, containing, or consisting of the genetically engineered plant that is the subject of the notifi-cation is safe for use by humans or animals, as applicable, and lawful under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and 
‘‘(B) the entity seeking evaluation of a food 
produced from, containing, or consisting of the genetically engineered plant submits to the Sec-retary of Agriculture the notification of the finding of the Secretary of Health and Human Services under subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(2) before the date of the enactment of the 
Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015, the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
‘‘(A) considered the consultation process re-
ferred to in section 424(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to such ge-netically engineered plant to be complete; 
‘‘(B) notified the consulting party in writing 
that all questions with respect to the safety of food produced from, containing, or consisting of the genetically engineered plant have been re-solved; and 
‘‘(C) published such notification on the public 
Internet website of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), this section does not apply with re-spect to the sale or offering for sale in interstate commerce of a genetically engineered plant— 
‘‘(1) for the purpose of research or develop-
ment testing, including— 
‘‘(A) testing conducted to generate data and 
information that could be used in a submission to the Secretary under this title or other regu-latory submission; or 
‘‘(B) multiplication of seed or hybrid and vari-
ety development conducted before submitting a notification under subsection (a)(1)(B); 
‘‘(2) solely because a processing aid or enzyme 
produced from the genetically engineered plant is intended to be used to produce food; or 
‘‘(3) solely because the genetically engineered 
plant is used as a nutrient source for microorga-nisms. 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (b)(1) may be construed as author-izing the sale or offering for sale in interstate commerce of a nonregulated genetically engi-neered plant for use or application in food or a food produced from, containing, or consisting of a nonregulated genetically engineered plant. 
‘‘(d) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Secretary of Agriculture shall publish on the public Internet website of the Department of Ag-
riculture, and update as necessary, a registry that includes— 
‘‘(A) a list of each nonregulated genetically 
engineered plant intended for a use or applica-tion in food that may be sold or offered for sale in interstate commerce, in accordance with sub-section (a); 
‘‘(B) the petitions submitted to, and deter-
minations made by, the Secretary of Agriculture with respect to such a plant; and 
‘‘(C) the notifications of findings issued by the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services with respect to such a plant or the use or application of such a plant in food. 
‘‘(2) T
RADE SECRETS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFOR -
MATION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), noth-
ing in this section shall be construed to alter the protections offered by laws, regulations, and policies governing disclosure of confidential commercial or trade secret information, and any other information exempt from disclosure pursu-ant to section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code, as such provisions would be applied to the documents and information referred to in sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(e) I
MPORTED FOOD.—In the case of food im-
ported into the United States that is food pro-duced from, containing, or consisting of a plant that meets the definition of a nonregulated ge-netically engineered plant or a plant that, if sold in interstate commerce, would be subject to regulation under part 340 of title 7, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regulations), the provisions of this section shall apply to such food in the same manner and to the same extent as such provisions apply to a food that is not so imported. 
‘‘SEC. 462. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: 
‘‘(1) F OOD.—The term ‘food’ has the meaning 
given such term in section 201(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(f)). 
‘‘(2) N
ONREGULATED GENETICALLY ENGINEERED  
PLANT .—The term ‘nonregulated genetically en-
gineered plant’ means a genetically engineered plant— 
‘‘(A) for which the Secretary of Agriculture 
has approved a petition under section 340.6 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations (or any suc-cessor regulations), for a determination that the genetically engineered plant should not be regu-lated under this Act; or 
‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) is not subject to regulation as a plant pest 
under this Act; 
‘‘(ii) contains genetic material from a different 
species; and 
‘‘(iii) has been modified through in vitro re-
combinant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) tech-niques.’’. 
SEC. 112. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture shall promulgate interim final regula-tions to carry out the amendments made by sec-tion 111. 
SEC. 113. PREEMPTION. 
Regardless of whether regulations have been 
promulgated under section 112, beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, no State or political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or con-tinue in effect as to any food in interstate com-merce any requirement with respect to the sale or offering for sale in interstate commerce of a genetically engineered plant for use or applica-tion in food that is not identical to the require-ment of section 461 of the Plant Protection Act (as added by section 111 of this Act). 
SEC. 114. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in the amendments made by this sub-
title is intended to alter or affect the ability of— 
(1) the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices to take enforcement actions with respect to a violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), including sec-tion 301 of such Act (21 U.S.C. 331); or (2) the Secretary of Agriculture to take en-
forcement actions with respect to a violation of the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), including section 411 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7711). 
SEC. 115. IMPLEMENTATION REPORT. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall jointly submit to Congress a report evaluating the progress made in the im-plementation of subtitle F of the Plant Protec-tion Act, as added by section 111. Such report shall include— 
(1) an analysis of plants over which regu-
latory oversight under such subtitle is required; 
(2) an analysis of the extent to which the pro-
visions of such subtitle establish an appropriate scope of regulatory oversight for the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service and the Food and Drug Administration, including their over-sight of public research programs; and 
(3) any potential changes to the Plant Protec-
tion Act that would better facilitate implementa-tion of a coordinated, predictable, and efficient science-based regulatory process. 
(b) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER EFFORTS TO 
MODERNIZE REGULATION .—The report under 
subsection (a) shall be prepared, to the greatest extent practicable, in accordance with the proc-ess described in the memorandum issued by the Executive Office of the President on July 2, 2015, entitled ‘‘Modernizing the Regulatory System for Biotechnology Products’’, including the di-rective specified in such memorandum to update the ‘‘Coordinated Framework for Regulation of Biotechnology’’ published by the Executive Of-fice of the President, Office of Science and Technology Policy, in the Federal Register on June 26, 1986 (51 Fed.Reg. 23302). 
TITLE II—GENETIC ENGINEERING 
CERTIFICATION 
SEC. 201. GENETIC ENGINEERING CERTIFI-
CATION. 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 
U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle E—Genetic Engineering 
Certification 
‘‘SEC. 291. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) The term ‘certifying agent’ means the 
chief executive officer of a State or, in the case of a State that provides for the statewide elec-tion of an official to be responsible solely for the administration of the agricultural operations of the State, such official, and any person (includ-ing a private entity) who is accredited by the Secretary as a certifying agent for the purpose of certifying a covered product as a product, the labeling of which may indicate whether the product is produced with or without the use of genetic engineering. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered product’ means— ‘‘(A) an agricultural product, whether raw or 
processed (including any product derived from livestock that is marketed in the United States for consumption by humans or other animals); 
‘‘(B) any other food (as defined in section 201 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) not derived from an agricultural product; and 
‘‘(C) seed or other propagative material. ‘‘(3) The term ‘genetically engineered plant’ 
refers to a plant or plant product (as those terms are defined in section 403 of the Plant Protec-tion Act (7 U.S.C. 7702)), if— 
‘‘(A) it contains genetic material that has 
been modified through in vitro recombinant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) techniques; and 
‘‘(B) the modification could not otherwise be 
obtained using conventional breeding tech-niques. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘comparable food’ means, with 
respect to a covered product produced from, con-taining, or consisting of a genetically engi-neered plant— 
‘‘(A) the parental variety of the plant; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.013 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5428 July 23, 2015 
‘‘(B) another commonly consumed variety of 
the plant; or 
‘‘(C) a commonly consumed covered product 
with properties comparable to the covered prod-uct produced from, containing, or consisting of the genetically engineered plant. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘handle’ means to sell, process 
or package covered products. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘producer’ means a person who 
engages in the business of growing or producing covered products. 
‘‘(7) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary 
of Agriculture, acting through the Agricultural Marketing Service. 
‘‘SEC. 291A. NATIONAL GENETICALLY ENGI-
NEERED FOOD CERTIFICATION PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a voluntary genetically engineered food cer-tification program for covered products with re-spect to the use of genetic engineering in the production of such products, as provided for in this subtitle. The Secretary shall establish the requirements and procedures as the Secretary determines are necessary to carry out such pro-gram. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the pro-
gram under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with such other parties as are necessary to develop such program to ensure that pro-ducers or handlers seeking to make claims under section 291B or 291C are certified to make such claims. 
‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall im-
plement the program established under sub-section (a) through certifying agents. Such cer-tifying agents may certify that covered products were or were not produced with the use of ge-netic engineering or a genetically engineered plant, in accordance with this subtitle. 
‘‘(d) S
EAL.—The Secretary shall establish a 
seal to identify covered products in interstate commerce using terminology the Secretary con-siders appropriate for covered products certified under this title, including terminology com-monly used in interstate commerce or estab-lished by the Secretary in regulations. 
‘‘SEC. 291B. NATIONAL STANDARDS FOR LABEL-
ING NONGENETICALLY ENGINEERED FOOD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To be sold or labeled as a 
covered product produced without the use of ge-netic engineering— 
‘‘(1) the covered product shall— ‘‘(A) be subject to supply chain process con-
trols that address— 
‘‘(i) the producer planting seed that is not ge-
netically engineered; 
‘‘(ii) the producer keeping the crop separated 
during growth, harvesting, storage, and trans-portation; and 
‘‘(iii) persons in direct contact with such crop 
or products derived from such crop during transportation, storage, or processing keeping the product separated from other products that are or are derived from genetically engineered plants; and 
‘‘(B) be produced and handled in compliance 
with a nongenetically engineered food plan de-veloped and approved in accordance with sub-section (c); 
‘‘(2) in the case of a covered product derived 
from livestock that is marketed in the United States for human consumption, the covered product and the livestock, products consumed by such livestock, and products used in proc-essing the products consumed by such livestock shall be produced without the use of products derived from genetic engineering; and 
‘‘(3) labeling or advertising material on, or in 
conjunction with, such covered product shall not suggest either expressly or by implication that covered products developed without the use of genetic engineering are safer or of higher quality than covered products produced from, containing, or consisting of a genetically engi-neered plant. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—A covered product shall 
not be considered as not meeting the criteria specified in subsection (a) solely because the 
covered product— 
‘‘(1) is manufactured or processed using a ge-
netically engineered microorganism or a proc-essing aid or enzyme; 
‘‘(2) is derived from microorganisms that con-
sumed a nutrient source produced from, con-taining, or consisting of a genetically engi-neered plant; or 
‘‘(3) is an approved substance on the National 
List established under section 2118 of the Or-ganic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6517). 
‘‘(c) N
ONGENETICALLY ENGINEERED FOOD 
PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A producer or handler 
seeking certification under this section shall submit a nongenetically engineered food plan to the certifying agent and such plan shall be re-viewed by the certifying agent who shall deter-mine if such plan meets the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—A nongenetically engineered 
food plan shall contain a description of— 
‘‘(A) the procedures that will be followed to 
assure compliance with this section; 
‘‘(B) a description of the monitoring records 
that will be maintained; and 
‘‘(C) any corrective actions that will be imple-
mented in the event there is a deviation from the plan. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—The nongenetically engi-
neered food plan and the records maintained under the plan shall be available for review and copying by the Secretary or a certifying agent. 
‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF LIVESTOCK .—In the case 
of a covered product derived from livestock that is marketed in the United States for human con-sumption, the covered product shall not be con-sidered to be genetically engineered solely be-cause the livestock consumed feed produced from containing, or consisting of a genetically engineered plant.’’. 
‘‘SEC. 291C. NATIONAL STANDARDS FOR LABEL-
ING GENETICALLY ENGINEERED FOOD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To be sold or labeled as a 
covered product produced with the use of ge-netic engineering— 
‘‘(1) the covered product shall be produced 
and handled in compliance with a genetically engineered food plan developed and approved in accordance with subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) the labeling of or advertising material on, 
or in conjunction with, such covered product shall— 
‘‘(A) not expressly or impliedly claim that a 
covered product developed with the use of ge-netic engineering is safer or of higher quality solely because the covered product is a product developed with the use of genetic engineering; 
‘‘(B) not make any claims that are false or 
misleading; and 
‘‘(C) contain such information as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(b) G
ENETICALLY ENGINEERED FOODPLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A producer or handler 
seeking certification under this section shall submit a genetically engineered food plan to the certifying agent and such plan shall be reviewed by the certifying agent who shall determine if such plan meets the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—A genetically engineered 
food plan shall contain a description of— 
‘‘(A) the procedures that will be followed to 
assure compliance with this section; 
‘‘(B) a description of the monitoring records 
that will be maintained; and 
‘‘(C) any corrective actions that will be imple-
mented in the event there is a deviation from the plan. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—The genetically engi-
neered food plan and the records maintained under the plan shall be available for review and copying by the Secretary or a certifying agent. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST RESTRICTING CER-
TAIN DISCLOSURES .—With respect to a covered 
product that otherwise meets the criteria speci-fied in subsection (a), the Secretary may not 
prevent a person— 
‘‘(1) from disclosing voluntarily on the label-
ing of such a covered product developed with the use of genetic engineering the manner in which the product has been modified to express traits or characteristics that differ from its com-parable food; or 
‘‘(2) from disclosing in advertisements, on the 
Internet, in response to consumer inquiries, or on other communications, other than in the la-beling, that a covered product was developed with the use of genetic engineering. 
‘‘SEC. 291D. IMPORTED PRODUCTS. 
‘‘Imported covered products may be sold or la-
beled as produced with or without the use of ge-netic engineering if the Secretary determines that such products have been produced and handled under a genetic engineering certifi-cation program that provides safeguards and guidelines governing the production and han-dling of such products that are at least equiva-lent to the requirements of this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 291E. ACCREDITATION PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish and implement a program to accredit a gov-erning State official, and any private person, that meets the requirements of this section as a certifying agent for the purpose of certifying a covered product as having been produced with or without the use of genetic engineering or a genetically engineered plant, in accordance with this subtitle. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—To be accredited as a 
certifying agent under this section, a governing State official or private person shall— 
‘‘(1) prepare and submit to the Secretary an 
application for such accreditation; 
‘‘(2) have sufficient expertise in agricultural 
production and handling techniques as deter-mined by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(3) comply with the requirements of this sec-
tion. 
‘‘(c) D
URATION OF ACCREDITATION .—An ac-
creditation made under this section shall be for a period of not to exceed 5 years, as determined appropriate by the Secretary, and may be re-newed. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION WITHEXISTING ORGANIC  
PROGRAM ACCREDITATION .—A governing State 
official or private person who is accredited to certify a farm or handling operation as a cer-tified organic farm or handling operation pursu-ant to section 2115 of the Organic Foods Produc-tion Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6415) (and such ac-creditation is in effect) shall be deemed to be ac-credited to certify covered products under this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 291F. RECORDKEEPING, INVESTIGATIONS, 
AND ENFORCEMENT. 
‘‘(a) R ECORDKEEPING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this title, each person who sells, labels, or represents any covered product as having been produced with or without the use of ge-netic engineering or a genetically engineered plant shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain records in a manner prescribed 
by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(B) make available to the Secretary, on re-
quest by the Secretary, all records associated with the covered product. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFYING AGENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A certifying agent shall— 
‘‘(i) maintain all records concerning the ac-
tivities of the certifying agent with respect to the certification of covered products under this subtitle in a manner prescribed by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) make available to the Secretary, on re-
quest by the Secretary, all records associated with such activities. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSFERENCE OF RECORDS .—If a private 
person that was certified under this subtitle is dissolved or loses accreditation, all records and copies of records concerning the activities of the person under this subtitle shall be transferred to the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.013 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5429 July 23, 2015 
‘‘(b) I NVESTIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may take 
such investigative actions as the Secretary con-siders to be necessary— 
‘‘(A) to verify the accuracy of any informa-
tion reported or made available under this sub-title; and 
‘‘(B) to determine whether a person covered 
by this subtitle has committed a violation of any provision of this subtitle, including an order or regulation promulgated by the Secretary pursu-ant to this subtitle. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIFIC INVESTIGATIVE POWERS .—In car-
rying out this subtitle, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) administer oaths and affirmations; ‘‘(B) subpoena witnesses; ‘‘(C) compel attendance of witnesses; ‘‘(D) take evidence; and ‘‘(E) require the production of any records re-
quired to be maintained under this subtitle that are relevant to an investigation. 
‘‘(c) V
IOLATIONS OF SUBTITLE .— 
‘‘(1) F AILURE TO PROVIDE INFORMATION .—Any 
person covered by this subtitle who, after notice and an opportunity to be heard, has been found by the Secretary to have failed or refused to pro-vide accurate information (including a delay in the timely delivery of such information) required by the Secretary under this subtitle, shall be as-sessed a civil penalty of not more than $10,000. 
‘‘(2) M
ISUSE OF LABEL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any person who, after no-
tice and an opportunity to be heard, is found by the Secretary to have knowingly sold or labeled any covered product as having been produced with or without the use of genetic engineering or a genetically engineered plant, except in ac-cordance with this subtitle, shall be assessed to a civil penalty of not more than $10,000. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTINUING VIOLATION .—Each day dur-
ing which a violation described in subparagraph (A) occurs shall be considered to be a separate violation. 
‘‘(3) I
NELIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (C), any person that carries out an activity described in subparagraph (B), after no-tice and an opportunity to be heard, shall not be eligible, for the 5-year period beginning on the date of the occurrence, to receive a certifi-cation under this subtitle with respect to any covered product. 
‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES .—An activity 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is— 
‘‘(i) making a false statement; ‘‘(ii) a violation described in paragraph (2)(A); ‘‘(iii) attempting to have a label indicating 
that a covered product has been produced with or without the use of genetic engineering or a genetically engineered plant affixed to a covered product that a person knows, or should have reason to know, to have been produced in a manner that is not in accordance with this sub-title; or 
‘‘(iv) otherwise violating the purposes of the 
genetically engineered food certification pro-gram established under section 291A, as deter-mined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVER .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), the Secretary may modify or waive a period of ineligibility under this paragraph if the Secretary determines that the modification or waiver is in the best interests of the geneti-cally engineered food certification program es-tablished under section 291A. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTING OF VIOLATIONS .—A certifying 
agent shall immediately report any violation of this subtitle to the Secretary. 
‘‘(5) C
EASE-AND-DESIST ORDERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, after 
providing notice and an opportunity to be heard, issue an order, require any person who the Secretary reasonably believes is selling or la-beling a covered product in violation of this sub-title to cease and desist from selling or labeling such covered product as having been produced with or without the use of genetic engineering or a genetically engineered plant. ‘‘(B) F
INAL AND CONCLUSIVE .—The order of 
the Secretary imposing a cease-and-desist order under this paragraph shall be final and conclu-sive unless the affected person files an appeal from the Secretary’s order with the appropriate district court of the United States not later than 30 days after the date of the issuance of the order. 
‘‘(6) V
IOLATIONS BY CERTIFYING AGENT .—A 
certifying agent that is a private person that violates the provisions of this subtitle or falsely or negligently certifies any covered product that does not meet the terms and conditions of the genetically engineered food certification pro-gram established under section 291A, as deter-mined by the Secretary, shall, after notice and an opportunity to be heard— 
‘‘(A) lose accreditation as a certifying agent 
under this subtitle; and 
‘‘(B) be ineligible to be accredited as a certi-
fying agent under this subtitle for a period of not less than 3 years, beginning on the date of the determination. 
‘‘(7) S
USPENSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may, after 
first providing the certifying agent notice and an opportunity to be heard, suspend the accred-itation of the certifying agent for a period speci-fied in subparagraph (B) for a violation of this subtitle. 
‘‘(B) P
ERIOD OF SUSPENSION .—The period of a 
suspension under subparagraph (A) shall termi-nate on the date the Secretary makes a final de-termination with respect to the violation that is the subject of the suspension. 
‘‘(8) E
NFORCEMENT BY ATTORNEY GENERAL .— 
On request of the Secretary, the Attorney Gen-eral may bring a civil action against a person in a district court of the United States to enforce this subtitle or a requirement or regulation pre-scribed, or an order issued, under this subtitle. The action may be brought in the judicial dis-trict in which the person does business or in which the violation occurred. 
‘‘SEC. 291G. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS; FEES. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to es-tablish the genetically engineered food certifi-cation program under section 291A, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
‘‘(b) F
EES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon establishment of the 
genetically engineered food certification pro-gram under section 291A, the Secretary shall es-tablish by notice, charge, and collect fees to cover the estimated costs to the Secretary of car-rying out this subtitle. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Fees collected under 
paragraph (1) shall be deposited into a fund in the Treasury of the United States and shall re-main available until expended, subject to appro-priation, to carry out this subtitle.’’. 
SEC. 202. REGULATIONS. 
In promulgating regulations to carry out the 
amendments made by section 201, the Secretary of Agriculture shall— 
(1) provide a process to account for certified 
nongenetically engineered covered products con-taining material from genetically engineered plants due to the inadvertent presence of such material; 
(2) to the greatest extent practicable, establish 
consistency between the certification programs established under subtitle E of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (as added by section 201 of this Act), the organic certification program established under the Organic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.), and other vol-untary labeling programs administered by the Secretary; 
(3) with respect to regulations for covered 
products intended for consumption by non-food animals, take into account the inherent dif-ferences between food intended for animal and human consumption, including the essential vi-tamins, minerals, and micronutrients required to be added to animal food to formulate a complete 
and balanced diet; and 
(4) provide a process for requesting and grant-
ing exemptions from the requirements of subtitle E of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (as added by section 201 of this Act) under condi-tions established by the Secretary. 
SEC. 203. EFFECTIVE DATE; PREEMPTION. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Regardless of whether 
regulations have been promulgated under sec-tion 202 of this Act, the amendments made by section 201 shall take effect beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) P
ROHIBITIONS AGAINST MANDATORY LA-
BELING OF FOODDEVELOPED USINGGENETIC EN-
GINEERING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), no 
State or political subdivision of a State may di-rectly or indirectly establish under any author-ity or continue in effect as to any covered prod-uct (as defined in section 291 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, as added by section 201 of this Act) in interstate commerce, any require-ment for the labeling of a covered product indi-cating the product as having been produced from, containing, or consisting of a genetically engineered plant, including any requirements for claims that a covered product is or contains an ingredient that was produced from, contains, or consists of a genetically engineered plant. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1), a State (or a political subdivision thereof) may establish either of the following voluntary programs for the regulation of claims described in such paragraph: 
(A) A program that relates to voluntary claims 
to which paragraph (1) of section 204(a) of this Act applies. 
(B) A program that— (i) is voluntary; 
(ii) is accredited by the Secretary pursuant to 
section 291E of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (as added by section 201 of this Act); and 
(iii) establishes standards that are identical to 
the standards established under section 291B or 291C of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, as applicable (as added by section 201 of this Act). 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For the sole pur-
pose of subsection (b)(1), a covered product de-rived from livestock that consumed genetically engineered plants shall be deemed as having been produced from, containing, or consisting of a genetically engineered plant. 
SEC. 204. APPLICABILITY. 
(a) E XISTING CLAIMS .—A voluntary claim 
made with respect to whether a covered product (as defined in section 291 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, as added by section 201 of this Act) was produced with or without the use of genetic engineering or genetically engi-neered plants before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) may be made for such a product during the 
36-month period that begins on the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) after the expiration of such 36-month pe-
riod, may be made so long as the labels associ-ated with such a claim meet the standards speci-fied in section 291B or 291C of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, as applicable (as added by section 201 of this Act). 
(b) O
RGANIC CERTIFICATION .—In the case of a 
covered product (as defined in section 291 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946, as added by section 201 of this Act) produced by a farm or handling operation that is certified as an or-ganic farm or handling operation under the Or-ganic Foods Production Act of 1990 (7 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.), such product is deemed to be cer-tified as a product produced without the use of genetic engineering under the genetically engi-neered food certification program established under section 291A of the Agricultural Mar-keting Act of 1946 (as added by section 201 of this Act). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.013 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5430 July 23, 2015 
TITLE III—NATURAL FOODS 
SEC. 301. LABELING OF NATURAL FOODS. 
Section 403 of the Federal Food, Drug, and 
Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(z)(1) If its labeling contains an express or 
implied claim that the food is ‘natural’ unless the claim is made in accordance with subpara-graph (2). 
‘‘(2) A claim described in subparagraph (1) 
may be made only if the claim uses terms that have been defined by, and the food meets the re-quirements that have been established in, regu-lations promulgated to carry out this para-graph. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding subparagraph (2), prior 
to the finalization of regulations to carry out this paragraph, the use of any claim that a food is ‘natural’ shall be allowed if consistent with the Secretary’s existing policy for such claims. 
‘‘(4) In promulgating regulations to carry out 
this paragraph, the Secretary shall differentiate between food for human consumption and food intended for consumption by animals other than humans. 
‘‘(5) For purposes of subparagraph (1), a nat-
ural claim includes the use of— 
‘‘(A) the terms ‘natural’, ‘100% natural’, ‘nat-
urally grown’, ‘all natural’, and ‘made with natural ingredients’; and 
‘‘(B) any other terms specified by the Sec-
retary.’’. 
SEC. 302. REGULATIONS. 
(a) P ROPOSED REGULATIONS .—Not later than 
18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices shall issue proposed regulations to imple-ment section 403(z) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 301 of this Act. 
(b) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 30 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue final regulations to implement such section 403(z). 
SEC. 303. PREEMPTION. 
Section 403A(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343–1(a)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period 
and inserting a comma; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) any requirement for the labeling of food 
of the type required by section 403(z) that is not identical to the requirement of such section.’’. 
SEC. 304. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The labeling requirements of section 403(z) of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 301 of this Act, shall take ef-fect on the effective date of final regulations promulgated under section 302(b) of this Act. The provisions of section 403A(a)(6) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 303 of this Act, take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The CHAIR. No amendment to that 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 216. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-
ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–216. Mr. D
EFAZIO. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 4, after line 5, insert the following: 
‘‘(3) L ABELING OF PRODUCTS THAT ARE RE -
QUIRED TO BE LABELED ABROAD .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall 
require that food produced from, containing, or consisting of a genetically engineered plant and intended for sale in interstate commerce be labeled as such if— 
‘‘(i) the person producing or manufacturing 
the food, or any affiliate thereof, produces or manufactures an equivalent food intended for consumption in a foreign country; and 
‘‘(ii) the person or affiliate is required by 
such foreign country to indicate in the label-ing of such food that it is produced from, contains, or consists of a genetically engi-neered plant. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘affiliate’ means any entity that con-trols, is controlled by, or is under common control with another entity.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 369, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, there was a 
time when Monsanto supported label-ing. Of course, 64 countries have adopt-ed labeling, including the United King-dom. 
Here is what Monsanto said back 
then: Monsanto fully supports U.K. food manufacturers and retailers in their introduction to these labels. We believe you should be aware of all the facts before making a purchase. We en-courage you to look out for these la-bels. 
That was then; this is now. Now, 
Monsanto and Monsanto’s allies say such labeling is impossible, imprac-tical, and unnecessary. There was a time when Monsanto was proud of their genetically modified organisms. Why not now? 
We have heard all of these argu-
ments, some of which aren’t exactly accurate, about the great benefits of GMOs. Why not put on there, ‘‘GMOs solve global warming.’’ Put it right there on the label. For all the people who are concerned about climate change, that would be something. 
Now, 64 countries around the world 
require labeling; and many, many large U.S. firms actually do label in those countries. The countries are all the Eu-ropean Union—that is a pretty big slice of the world economy—China, Japan, Australia, South Korea, Brazil, India, New Zealand, Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and Saudi Arabia. Now, all of those countries require it; U.S. manufacturers ship products to those countries, and they put it on the label. 
Now, Hershey’s is not the only com-
pany that does this. This is a Hershey’s label, and it is ‘‘made in the USA.’’ We like that. We like exporting things around the world, so we are very proud of the exports of Hershey’s and other food manufacturers, but because of laws in Sweden, they have to say ‘‘con-
tains genetically modified organisms.’’ 
Now, somehow, they can do that 
there. I mean, the EU has consistent rules, and my bill would have rules consistent with the EU. They could make one label, which would go to about half the world’s economy. If it really costs money to print different labels, that would actually save them money, and it would do away with this argument about a proliferation of var-ious different labels across the U.S. 
There are some other countries that 
have different requirements, and they do still export to those countries, too. They can’t have a uniform overseas label, but they could get darn close with all of the European Union, United States; and New Zealand and Australia are virtually identical. 
Now, it isn’t just Hershey’s. These 
large companies go into—at least—50 of the 64 countries that require labeling: Pepsi, Tyson, Nestle, Coke, Mars, Her-shey, Kellogg, and Heinz. 
Now, I was contacted by Hershey, and 
they said: We can’t deal with the pro-liferation in the States. 
Then they should support my bill. 
Get a uniform national label. Let con-sumers know it contains GMOs. Mon-santo can go out and tout the benefits or others can tout the benefits of GMOs, and then they could have one label for the EU and the United States. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-
position to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Kansas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, the 
United States should not let other countries dictate U.S. food policy. This would be absurd. It is exactly what this amendment does. 
The proponents of this amendment 
seemingly wish to scare the public with unjustified warning labels on all prod-ucts produced with any technology or, short of that, punish companies that have the audacity to engage in foreign commerce. 
Just because European policy has 
been driven by fear-mongering, we should not allow it to be so here in the United States. We should not succumb to this angry rhetoric. We should lead the world in getting this policy right. 
Now, let’s just say, for sake of argu-
ment, we were to pass this amendment. I would like to ask: Who would be re-sponsible for enforcement of such a quagmire? What agency licenses ex-ports of food? What agency would be responsible for monitoring where in the world those products went and what specific requirements were placed on them by the countries receiving those products? 
Assuming such information is actu-
ally obtained, that information is like-ly proprietary business information, exempted from disclosure between agencies by the Freedom of Informa-tion Act. 
Here in the United States, we rely on 
the FDA for responsibility for food in-spection, but as many proponents of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.013 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5431 July 23, 2015 
mandatory warning labels are quick to 
point out, the FDA inspects less than 1 percent of the products. 
Are the proponents just doing this 
for show? Or do they actually expect an agency to fulfill its enforcement obli-gation? If so, has this amendment been scored? 
I can only imagine what the cost will 
be to the agency to ensure that labels mandated by this amendment’s spon-sors are accurate. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would take us backwards. It would re-quire an even more patchwork set of rules. I urge that we get to uniformity. The logistics of enforcing every prod-uct label and their counterpart in 1 of 195 other countries in the world would be costly and a waste of taxpayer dol-lars. 
I urge the defeat of this ill-conceived 
effort to punish American businessmen and -women who are doing their best to grow our economy. 
I reserve the balance of my time Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, 64 countries 
require labeling, including the Euro-pean Union. This would give companies an opportunity to have a consistent label across the United States and into the European Union. 
Consumers want this. The polls are 
consistently 88 percent. Monsanto spends $20 million, $30 million like they did in Oregon convincing people it would drive up food costs; and then they won by one one-hundredths of 1 percent in that election, after spending a record amount of money. 
Americans want to know what is in 
their food; don’t put them in the dark. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, we 
should not create a system whereby U.S. food producers are at the complete mercy of global actors all around the world. Goodness knows what the re-quirements would be for their labels here. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–216. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. I have an amend-
ment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 10, line 12, at the end of section 113 of 
the bill insert the following: ‘‘Nothing in this title or the amendments made thereby shall be construed to limit the authority of 
a State or tribe (or a political subdivision thereof) to prohibit or restrict the cultiva-tion of genetically engineered plants on or near tribal lands.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 369, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to offer an amendment to ensure tribal sovereignty is not inadvertently harmed by this legislation, the DARK Act. 
I am joined by several colleagues in 
support of this amendment, including cosponsors Representatives P
OLIS, 
MCCOLLUM , GRIJALVA , and R UIZ. 
Now, much of the debate this morn-
ing has focused on how and if this bill will preempt State and local laws, which would include ordinances in my district that have been adopted by Marin, Mendocino, Humboldt, and Trinity Counties. 
b1230 
I agree with my colleagues: we de-
serve to know what is in our food, and this bill prevents local and State gov-ernments from providing consumers with that information, the information they want. 
But in today’s debate, little has been 
said about the need to protect the prin-ciple of tribal self-governance. I recog-nize that some of my colleagues believe the manager’s amendment addresses any concerns regarding preemption and tribal sovereignty. I disagree. That is why I am offering this amendment to address any potential ambiguity in the bill, and to ensure that tribes can con-tinue to take action on GMOs, as many of them have sought to do. If the un-derlying bill is supposed to protect tribal sovereignty, I would hope that the bill supporters wouldn’t mind mak-ing that protection explicit by passing this amendment. 
In 2013, the National Congress of 
American Indians, which supports my amendment today, passed a resolution calling on Congress and the Federal Government to ‘‘preserve, protect, and maintain the integrity of traditional native foods, seeds, and agricultural systems . . . support the labeling of seeds or products containing GE tech-nology and ingredients . . . create GE and transgenic crop-free zones; and op-pose the use and cultivation of GE seeds in the United States.’’ But this bill would preempt the creation of a national standard for GMOs that NCAI has asked for. 
Now, this is not just about crops, Mr. 
Chairman. The Affiliated Tribes of Northwest Indians, which includes sev-eral tribes in my district, are strongly opposed to the FDA approval of geneti-cally engineered salmon due to the po-tential for harmful impacts on wild salmon that are so important to the tribes and to, frankly, the commercial economy in my district. Under this leg-islation, it is hard to see how FDA 
could ever require the labeling of ge-netically engineered salmon. 
With the significant concerns over 
GE foods and the proactive steps that tribes are taking on their lands and re-sources, we ought to make clear that this bill will not affect tribes’ authori-ties to prohibit or restrict the cultiva-tion of GE plants on or near tribal lands. 
The Congressional Research Service 
has taken a look at this bill’s new pre-emption section, and they have said that the effects of the preemption lan-guage are ambiguous. In the case of im-pacts to tribes, we ought to leave no ambiguity. 
I urge support of this amendment. No 
matter how we feel about the legisla-tion as a whole, I would hope, at the very least, we could clarify that tribes should retain the authority to restrict GE plants on their own lands, if they so choose. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Kansas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, simply 
put, H.R. 1599 does not prohibit local governments from passing and enforc-ing bans on cultivation of genetically engineered crops. Similarly, it does not do that with respect to tribal sov-ereignty either. 
The bill before us applies only to the 
food use and labels. There is nothing in this legislation that any opponent can point to that suggests or implies inter-ference with State or local ordinances related to plant cultivation, period. 
Likewise, the preemption provision 
that the amendment seeks to modify only applies to States and political subdivisions thereof. Tribal lands are sovereign. They are not affected. 
If the amendment sponsor wishes 
only to clarify sovereign rights of trib-al governments on their land, then we would be happy to work with him, but the structure of this amendment ap-pears to provide tribal governments with some level of authority over land outside of their boundaries. This may or may not have been the intended pur-pose of the amendment, but it has seri-ous unintended consequences. 
I urge the sponsor to withdraw this 
amendment and allow us the oppor-tunity to work together to address their concerns. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, if the 
intent is not to prohibit or restrict or preempt tribal sovereignty, why not make it clear, why not pass this amendment? 
I yield 1 minute to the distinguished 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, there 
are three preemption sections in this bill: one prohibits States from labeling GMOs; another establishes something for a label called ‘‘natural,’’ which will contain GMOs and can contain GMOs and still be labeled ‘‘natural’’; and then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.028 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5432 July 23, 2015 
finally, a very poorly written big sec-
tion that seems to preempt all State regulations and tribal regulations. 
The Navajo Nation has a ban on the 
cultivation of genetically modified crops. They are trying to preserve their indigenous crops. 
States have provided for buffer zones 
in 30 States. This bill, I believe, will preempt those 30 States from estab-lishing buffer zones to protect conven-tional crops. 
We had conventional wheat in Oregon 
that was banned from export because of GMO pollution—conventional wheat, let alone organic wheat, which would be worthless if it had GMO pollution. 
So in this bill I had an amendment to 
clarify this section and say, no, no, no, not preempting State Departments of Agriculture establishing reasonable rules to protect conventional and or-ganic farmers from preemption. They say they fixed it. I don’t believe they have. That part of the bill is very vague. This, I believe, could both pre-empt tribal sovereign entity, State sovereign entity, and reasonable regu-lations to protect other farmers. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, the lan-
guage is very clear. It says that ‘‘no State or political subdivision of a State may directly or indirectly establish under any authority or continue in ef-fect as to any food in interstate com-merce any requirement with respect to genetically engineered plants for a use or application of food that is not iden-tical to the requirement of section 461 of the Plant Protection Act.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
spectfully disagree that that language is clear, but I would note that that lan-guage says nothing about tribal sov-ereignty. 
Mr. Chairman, colleagues, this is a 
bill that is deeply flawed. It should be opposed for all sorts of reasons. But here is an amendment that would at least make it a little better for those of us that represent Indian Country, for 
those of us that care about tribal sov-ereignty. 
For those of us that want to protect 
the tribes who have taken action on their land, who have in some cases partnered with States for buffer zones near tribal land, we ought to at least take this additional step to make it clear that they can do that, that we are not running roughshod over their trib-al sovereignty. 
With that, I request an ‘‘aye’’ vote, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, nothing 
in this amendment will impact tribal sovereignty one iota. It talks about States and political subdivisions. That doesn’t apply in any way to tribal land. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . DELAURO  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–216. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 33, lines 13 through 17, amend para-
graph (2) to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) A claim described in subparagraph (1) 
may be made only if— 
‘‘(A) the claim uses terms that have been 
defined by, and the food meets the require-ments that have been established in, regula-tions promulgated to carry out this para-graph; and 
‘‘(B) the food is not produced using, does 
not contain, and does not consist of a geneti-cally engineered plant.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 369, the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Connecticut. 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself 2 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment would 
make clear that foods labeled ‘‘nat-ural’’ cannot contain genetically modi-fied material. 
I want to emphasize right from the 
outset it is about our basic right to know what we are eating and what we are feeding to our children. 
FDA already requires clear labeling 
of over 3,000 ingredients, additives, and food processes. One example: fruit juice must indicate whether or not it is from 
concentrate. Clearly, that is not a judgment on food safety; it is a simple matter of transparency. 
Calling GMO foods ‘‘natural’’ is not 
transparent. It is confusing, and we have the data to back that up. 
As Members can see from the chart 
behind me, almost two-thirds of Amer-ican adults believe that ‘‘natural’’ al-ready means GMO-free, and 84 percent agree that that is what it should mean. 
We need to make sure that food la-
bels reflect that commonsense under-standing. As drafted, this bill would do the opposite. It would codify the status quo, being that food companies can put ‘‘natural’’ on a product, even if it was genetically engineered, which allows misleading labels. It would perpetuate misunderstandings and confusion. It would keep American families in the dark. 
This is not what the American public 
wants. More than 90 percent of us want clear GMO labeling. In response to this overwhelming demand, three States— Vermont, Maine, and my home State of Connecticut—have passed laws re-stricting the ‘‘natural’’ label to foods that do not contain GMOs. Several other States are considering similar laws. Without my amendment, this bill 
would nullify those State laws. This would represent a serious setback for the right to know in these States around the country. 
Mr. Chairman, American families 
want clear information about GMOs. They deserve that information. I urge my colleagues to support the amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I wish to rise in opposition. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman is recog-
nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), my colleague. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this 
bill would deceive consumers. It would say that there will now be an FDA defi-nition of ‘‘natural.’’ The FDA has never, ever wanted to try and define ‘‘natural’’ and that it would include GMOs. Something labeled as ‘‘nat-ural’’—Cheerios, naturally flavored—if it contained GMOs, they wouldn’t have to say that. 
So consumers often, in fact, confuse 
the ‘‘organic’’ and the ‘‘natural’’ label. In fact, some polls show that con-sumers more often think ‘‘natural’’ is natural and they are not quite sure what ‘‘organic’’ is. This bill is going to muddy those waters further, deceive consumers, and have them buy things labeled ‘‘natural’’ that contain geneti-cally modified organisms. 
Why is that in this bill? We can fight 
over the labeling standards for disclo-sure. Why are you going to muddy the waters and confuse things and create a new mandatory Federal definition and label for ‘‘natural’’ that contains GMOs? 
Again, here we have all natural 
vodka creamy marinara. Wow, that is something. And again, this has a num-ber of things in it that very likely con-tain GMOs that wouldn’t be disclosed. But they do have to disclose, and she does, cellulose, sorbic acid, whey, xan-than gum, vodka—of course, it is vodka sauce. But in the future, natural, con-tains GMOs, no disclosure. 
This is really, really I think probably 
the most egregious part of a very egre-gious bill—preempting states’ rights. Remember, this is the party of states’ rights. Until a State does something they don’t like, then we have got to preempt it. 
Then they say, well, we can’t have 
proliferation of labels. Well, there is a very simple solution, my bill, one man-datory standard Federal label that would say, ‘‘contains GMOs.’’ Then that label could be sold into the Euro-pean Union. You would be able to sell to about half of the world’s economy with one label; whereas, today, you have got to have one label for the EU, one label for the U.S., and then a mul-tiple of other countries where 50 major corporations sell their products. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.031 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5433 July 23, 2015 
This is so disingenuous. It is very dis-
couraging. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time remains? 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Connecticut has 1 minute remaining. 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, as I 
said at the beginning, this is not a question of safety or otherwise of GMO foods. We need to ask ourselves a sim-ple question: Does the word ‘‘natural’’ really mean to a salmon engineered to grow at double the normal rate? a ce-real created in a laboratory to be re-sistant to herbicide? a tomato with fish genes? Are these things natural? Our common sense says no. A clear major-ity of Americans agree. By over-whelming margins, we want to know when our food contains GMOs. 
We are what we eat, and whether it is 
the number of calories in our kids’ Happy Meals, the country where our beef was raised, or the GMO content of the food we buy at the supermarket, as consumers, as parents, as Americans, we have a right to know. 
As drafted, this bill would fly in the 
face of that broad consensus and keep us in the dark. For the sake of trans-parency and for commonsense, I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, it is interesting; this whole entire debate we have talked about science. The science clearly shows that genetically modified seeds, genetically modified foods, are safe for every single American family. 
It is also interesting that my col-
league brought a box of Honey Nut Cheerios to the floor. My colleague talked about claims made on that box. Well, it is interesting that my col-league didn’t bring a box of regular Cheerios that sometimes contain a label of non-GMO. 
Well, it is a marketing ploy, and that 
is what we are trying to correct here, because there is no GMO oat. It is all to convince consumers that it is some-how safer, even though there is no dis-tinction between that Cheerios that has that label and the other Cheerios box that doesn’t. 
b1245 
It is interesting to see those specific 
points brought to the floor to try and make this case. It is just clearly not resonating with the American people. 
There are no clear and consistent 
standards for the term ‘‘natural,’’ which is why we are trying to correct this in this bill. 
We need to make sure that consistent 
litigation that has come about because of the very definitions of what the term ‘‘natural’’ means can stop. Let’s put a clear standard in place. 
H.R. 1599 also requires the FDA to 
file a notice and comment rulemaking process to define and set standards for the term ‘‘natural.’’ I thought this was 
exactly what the rulemaking process was supposed to be used for. 
This will allow for an open, trans-
parent, public process so that the FDA can establish such standards based on the facts, the science, and the input re-ceived. 
This amendment would predetermine 
that outcome and not allow for a science-based, fact-driven process— that is open to the public—to continue to move forward. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
amendment. Let’s get on the path of passing H.R. 1599 in this House. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Connecticut will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . PINGREE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–216. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 1, strike line 1 and all that follows 
through the end of the bill, and insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Non-GMO 
Disclosure Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. NON-GMO FOOD CERTIFICATION PRO-
GRAM. 
The Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 
U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new subtitle: 
‘‘Subtitle E—Non-GMO Food Certification 
Program 
‘‘SEC. 291. CERTIFICATION OF NON-GMO FOODS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a voluntary certification program for food produced without the use of genetic en-gineering to be known as the Non-GMO Food Certification Program. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with other relevant parties to de-velop the Non-GMO Food Certification Pro-gram. 
‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall 
implement the Non-GMO Food Certification Program through certifying agents. Certi-fying agents may certify that products were not produced with the use of genetic engi-neering or a genetically engineered plant, in accordance with this subtitle. 
‘‘(d) S
EAL.—The Secretary shall establish a 
seal to identify products that were not pro-duced with the use of genetic engineering or a genetically engineered plant in interstate commerce using terminology the Secretary considers appropriate, including terminology commonly used in interstate commerce or established by the Secretary in regulations. 
‘‘SEC. 292. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) G ENETICALLY ENGINEERED .—The term 
‘genetically engineered’, used with respect to a food, means a material intended for human consumption that is— 
‘‘(A) an organism that is produced through 
the intentional use of genetic engineering; or 
‘‘(B) the progeny of intended sexual or 
asexual reproduction (or both) of 1 or more organisms that is the product of genetic en-gineering. 
‘‘(2) G
ENETIC ENGINEERING .—The term ‘ge-
netic engineering’ means a process— 
‘‘(A) involving the application of in vitro 
nucleic acid techniques, including recom-binant deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and di-rect injection of nucleic acid into cells or organelles; 
‘‘(B) involving the application of fusion of 
cells beyond the taxonomic family; or 
‘‘(C) that overcomes natural physiological, 
reproductive, or recombinant barriers and that is not a process used in traditional breeding and selection.’’. 
SEC. 3. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to implement the Non-GMO Food Certification Program in ac-cordance with section 291 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.), as added by section 2. 
SEC. 4. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act (or the amendments 
made by this Act) is intended to alter or af-fect the authorities or regulatory programs, policies, and procedures otherwise available to, or the definitions used by, the Food and 
Drug Administration under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) or the Animal and Plant Health In-spection Service under the Plant Protection Act (7 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.). 
Ms. PINGREE (during the reading). 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-sent to dispense with the reading. 
The CHAIR. Is there objection to the 
request of the gentlewoman from Maine? 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 369, the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ) and a Member op-
posed each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Maine. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate the lively debate that 
has gone on today, and I want to speak in favor of this particular amendment. 
This is the Pingree-DeFazio-Polis 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute, which strikes all of the anticonsumer and antifarmer provi-sions of the underlying bill. 
This comes down to a very simple 
proposition: Do consumers have a right to know what is in the food they buy and that they feed to their families? 
As we have heard many times today, 
9 out of 10 consumers say, yes, they support GMO labeling. The public wants to know, as more and more peo-ple care about what is in their food and where it comes from. People want to know more, not less, about what they eat. 
We already know a lot about our 
food. We know how many calories are in it, thanks to the labels. We know how much vitamin C we get per serv-ing. We know if a fish is farm raised or wild caught. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.033 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5434 July 23, 2015 
We want to know those things. We 
actually know if our orange juice is made from concentrate or not. Maybe not everybody wants to know that, but it is right there on the label. Shouldn’t we also be able to know if the food we are buying has GMO ingredients? 
I know some of the opponents of la-
beling have suggested that consumers might be frightened by GMO ingredi-ents if they were to see them on the la-bels. 
Do we really think that consumers 
are not smart enough to handle this in-formation? Do we really think that 90 percent of Americans are wrong to want GMO products labeled? 
Not only does this bill make it very 
unlikely that we would ever see the la-beling of GMO products on a national basis, but it goes after the laws that have already been passed at the State level, just like in my State of Maine. 
Our law was passed by a Democratic 
legislature, was signed by a conserv-ative Republican Governor, and it has a huge amount of public support. 
Now Congress wants to tell the con-
sumers of my State and my State legis-lators that they cannot have this basic piece of information. 
I guarantee you, if Congress passes 
this law, my State legislature and my constituents will not be happy. They do not want to see their ability to make those decisions taken away. 
Not only does this bill go after State 
labeling laws, but it may also preempt laws and regulations at a local level that protect farmers from contamina-tion by drift from GMO crops. 
In my State and in many others, 
local organic farms are contributing to the economy by growing high-value, high-demand crops. 
Some local and county governments 
have created buffer zones to protect those farms from contamination from GMO crops, and we have heard from ex-perts who say this bill would preempt these laws. 
Why would we want to do that? Why 
would we want to undercut one of the fastest growing sectors in our farm economy that has been very beneficial to rural States like mine—that has re-vitalized many communities and that has provided economic opportunities for our farmers? What reason would we have to go in the opposite direction? 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. It would strike the dan-gerous parts of this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Kansas is recognized for 10 minutes. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would completely gut the primary purpose of the legislation be-fore us today. 
In order to prevent a patchwork of 50 
different labeling laws for genetically engineered ingredients, preemption is necessary to protect interstate com-merce. 
Of course, we have heard a lot today 
about states’ rights, but the Founders understood what was important about 
interstate commerce. 
They knew that local governments 
were at risk of trying to put in place rules that favored local activities; so they accounted for this. They created what is called the Interstate Commerce Clause. 
It is right there in the Constitution, 
and it is pretty darned clear. It was about trade between the States. It said that the Federal Government shall have the authority to regulate this trade. It is important that we do this today, but this amendment would deny us the capacity to do that. 
Current State labeling initiatives in-
clude a number of varying exemptions, loopholes, and caveats, making it very confusing for not only food producers, but for consumers to understand what it is they are truly consuming. 
H.R. 1599 builds on this idea of a uni-
form standard to provide clarity and consistency to consumers that they can depend upon, regardless of where they shop for food. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. F
ARR), my good friend and 
the ranking member of the Appropria-tions Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Ad-ministration, and Related Agencies. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
strong support of this amendment. The author is an organic grower. She knows how people care about what is in their food. 
I represent one of the most successful 
agricultural counties in the United States—Monterey County. I challenge anybody to find a county in this coun-try that makes $4.5 billion a year by growing over 100 different crops in one county. 
Food is just like politics—it is all 
local. What the underlying bill does is strike local control—local control where people care about the method-ology of growing. 
My area is the area that blossomed 
into creating the California Organic Standards Act, which I authored in the California State Legislature, which be-came the model for the Federal Or-ganic Standards Act. This preempts some of the regulations in there. That is not a good thing to do. 
Although the Federal Government 
may have the authority on interstate commerce, I don’t think that people want the Federal Government to pre-empt the ability for them to know their farmers, to know their food, and to have it be labeled as they so choose in a local area. 
Labeling is really important, but 
what you do is change the definition of labels here to one size fits all. That is not the way this country works. That is not the way farming works. And it is certainly not the way that consumers want it to be. 
It is too early for the Federal Gov-
ernment, for Congress, to jump in and try to mix up this field. Allow local politics to exist. Allow people to 
choose to know what is in their food by allowing it to be labeled locally. 
Let’s support American agriculture 
so that we can sell it abroad. This bill does everything but gain confidence. The amendment is to be supported. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I am honored to follow my colleague from California. Less than a year ago I was in his fine district, and I saw the benefits of the agricultural industry in Monterey, California. 
I actually toured an organic food 
processing facility in and around my colleague’s district, and I saw firsthand the impact of California agriculture. 
I want my colleagues to be assured 
that the organic labeling program is exactly what this bill is modeled after. 
The words that may have been devel-
oped in the California State Senate and in the California State Assembly are part of our national organic standards because they work. Organic is a vol-untary program just like we are trying to put forth. 
This is exactly what we are trying to 
do, Mr. Chairman—address the con-cerns of many Americans who want a label and who have contacted our of-fices. 
Americans also want standards; so, 
when we hear words like ‘‘contamina-tion,’’ unfortunately, it connotates negativity to consumers that somehow GMOs are bad for them. The science, though, clearly shows they are not. 
As a matter of fact, I just walked 
over to the Senate side and sat down with some of my colleagues who prob-ably will not vote for this bill. We didn’t know, because there was no label, whether or not that sandwich we ate contained genetically modified or-ganisms—seeds—if it were produced with GMOs. 
We are trying to fix that. We would 
allow that sandwich shop to actually meet a set of standards, just like how our organic growers do today, to deter-mine what a GMO product means. 
When we hear about trade, earlier 
today, I was with a member of the Eu-ropean Parliament, Julie Girling. We were talking about some of the impacts of the GMO rules and regulations in the EU on their ability to get cheap food into their supermarkets. 
I would urge my colleagues to talk to 
those who are experiencing the exact same thing right now in our European countries that are our allies. Talk with Ms. Girling. Talk to her about the problems that Europe is experiencing. 
We are trying to stop those problems 
from happening here in America. I want to make sure that we use science—that we use the facts—and that we use a model of a very success-ful organic labeling program to write this bill. 
Therefore, my colleagues should be in 
favor of this if they are so in favor of the existing program today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.036 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5435 July 23, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), the ranking 
member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, who cares deeply about issues surrounding our environment and public health. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, the 
amendment offered to H.R. 1599 by Con-gresswoman P
INGREE and Congressman 
DEFAZIO would replace the underlying 
bill with a voluntary certification pro-gram for non-genetically engineered foods, enabling companies that elect to go through this process to certify that their food is non-GE and share this in-formation with consumers through a seal established by the USDA, similar to the organic program. 
This amendment is a step forward in 
providing consumers with the informa-tion they want. While this amendment would preserve the ability of States and localities to act in regards to the labeling of non-GE and GE foods, it un-fortunately does not address the prob-lem many of us have heard about today, and that is a patchwork of food labeling requirements across the coun-try. 
As I have said previously, I can’t sup-
port preempting State labeling laws without establishing a national manda-tory labeling standard in its place. Moving forward, I hope that we can work with the Senate to strike a bal-ance that will address concerns we have heard on both sides of this issue. 
Mr. POMPEO. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a hard-work-
ing Congressman who cares deeply, as well, about agriculture issues and about the consumers in his State. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I thank the gen-
tlewoman who represents the other Portland. I deeply appreciated her 
leadership and insight in this area. 
Mr. Chairman, these are areas that 
touch Americans on a whole host of levels, but one of the things that is im-portant to note is that the extreme provisions of the preemption bill, of the underlying bill that we are dis-cussing, actually have significant neg-ative consequences on hard-working farmers in our State. 
There are vast world markets that 
we export to, and most of the world markets care about whether or not the product is genetically engineered or not. You can argue the merits, but the world market has made a judgment. 
We had some cross contamination in 
wheat for the genetically engineered strain, which set off alarm bells. Or-egon farmers lost business as a result of that. 
The underlying bill would undercut 
the efforts of 40 States in working with their local communities to try and pro-vide protections. 
Whether or not you are going to label 
it, there is no reason that you can’t provide reasonable buffers around crops that are genetically modified so that you can help provide some protection. b1300 
Why would we want to strip away the 
ability of State and local governments to provide those sort of protections? 
Now, in the long run, Mr. Chairman, 
what we need to do is just have a uni-form national policy that labels these, that gets rid of all the problems of multiplicity of labels and the costs and the confusion. My good friend from Or-egon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) has legislation that 
would do precisely that. But in the meantime, I deeply appreciate my friend from Maine stepping up to get rid of the most egregious part of the underlying bill, create a program that they can label their products GE free, and get rid of these egregious preemp-tion provisions. 
Mr. POMPEO. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Would the Chair 
please inform how much time I have re-maining. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Maine has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Kansas has 6
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
We have heard a lot of arguments 
about this bill today and the various components of it, why the bill is not a good idea, and why my amendment, which would strike most of the egre-gious parts of the bill, would be a bene-ficial way to change this. 
Just to go back to my favorite exam-
ple about labeling, the next time you go into a grocery store, take a look at the carton of orange juice. Right there on the front of the label you will see the words ‘‘from concentrate’’ on most of the juice boxes. By law, those words have to appear right there on the front of the label in letters at least half as tall as the name of the brand. We are that specific. 
Now, the fact that we need to know 
the difference in that carton between fresh squeezed and made from con-centrate or any other process that might have been used shows me that we have decided to have labels for al-most everything you can think of ex-cept GMO ingredients. 
If it is so important for Americans to 
know whether or not their orange juice is made from a concentrate, don’t you think it is reasonable to put a label somewhere on the back of a package of food telling consumers whether or not it contains GMO ingredients? 
This bill, if it is passed by the House, 
will effectively guarantee that con-sumers won’t have access to that infor-mation when they go to the grocery store. This bill will take away the rights of States like mine in Maine to pass laws that protect our consumers. States like Maine and Vermont, who have already passed laws like this, will not have the right to proceed. The Pin-gree-DeFazio-Polis amendment will strike the worst parts of this bill. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POMPEO. I yield myself the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would put us right back where we are today, with a patchwork of laws con-fusing consumers and making it dif-ficult on American food companies to compete around the world to feed the next billion people. 
This amendment would drive up the 
cost of food for every consumer in the United States of America by relegating them to the set of patchwork rules, which would drive costs throughout the food safety and supply chain. 
We have heard today that this puts 
farmers at risk, it makes life for farm-ers difficult. We have heard from Rep-resentatives from Maine who said that, and yet the Maine Beverage Associa-tion and the Maine Potato Board both endorsed this legislation. 
We have heard that this will hurt Or-
egon farmers and Oregon consumers, and yet the Oregon Farm Bureau, the Oregon Feed and Grain Association, the Oregon Potato Commission, the Or-egon Retail Council, the Oregon Seed Association, the Oregon Wheat Grow-ers League, and Oregonians for Food & Shelter endorsed this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment will 
gut this entire legislation. It takes away the important balance that has been struck in order to make sure that, in fact, consumers do have the right to know. 
We have heard these vague epithets 
trying to rename this bill the DARK Act, Denying Americans the Right to Know, but as a good conservative, I can promise you, this bill doesn’t deny any consumer any right to know what is in their food product. 
If a consumer, like my cousin, who 
likes her non-GMO food, wants to con-tinue to feed that to herself and her family, when this bill becomes law, she will still be able to do so. I would never deny any American the right to know what is in their food. 
This is about freedom and consumer 
choice and affordability. Our bill will achieve that, and this amendment would destroy that. I urge my col-leagues to vote against this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now re-sume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114–216 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. D
EFAZIO of 
Oregon. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. H UFFMAN of 
California. 
Amendment No. 3 by Ms. D ELAURO of 
Connecticut. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.037 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5436 July 23, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 123, noes 303, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 459] 
AYES—123 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Doggett Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Gabbard Gallego Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—303 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline 
Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sarbanes Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Israel 
Kaptur Keating Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
b1332 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Messrs. 
DONOVAN, AUSTIN SCOTT of Geor-gia, CLAY, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Messrs. BUTTERFIELD and LAWRENCE changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This will be a 2-minute 
vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 196, noes 227, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 460] 
AYES—196 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.039 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5437 July 23, 2015 
NOES—227 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bishop (MI) Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Israel 
Kaptur Keating Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Pearce Royce 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR (during the vote). There 
is 1 minute remaining. 
b1338 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. VEASEY changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . DELAURO  
The CHAIR. The unfinished business 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentle-woman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The CHAIR. A recorded vote has been 
demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 163, noes 262, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 461] 
AYES—163 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOES—262 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clyburn Coffman 
Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lofgren Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Israel 
Kaptur Keating Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Pearce 
b1342 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. Under the rule, the Com-
mittee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. S IMPSON , Chair of the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.015 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5438 July 23, 2015 
of the Whole House on the state of the 
Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or con-sisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 369, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 275, noes 150, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 462] 
AYES—275 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx 
Frelinghuysen Fudge Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lawrence Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
NOES—150 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Gabbard Gallego Gibson Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McDermott McGovern 
McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Vargas Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—8 
Bishop (UT) 
Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) 
Israel Kaptur Keating 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
b1350 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I have an 
amendment at the desk to change the title of the bill to the ‘‘Deny Ameri-cans the Right to Know Act.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Polis moves to amend the title of H.R. 
1599 to read as follows: ‘‘A bill to enact the ‘Deny Americans the Right to Know Act’ or the ‘DARK Act’.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
clause 6 of rule XVI, the amendment is not debatable. 
The question is on the amendment. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the amendment to the title will be followed by a 5-minute vote on adoption of House Resolution 370. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 87, nays 337, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 463] 
YEAS—87 
Aguilar 
Bass Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Connolly Conyers Cummings DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Edwards Ellison Fattah Gabbard Gallego Grayson 
Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Higgins Honda Huffman Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kennedy Kuster Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Massie McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Nolan O’Rourke Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Polis Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Schiff Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
NAYS—337 
Abraham Adams Aderholt 
Allen Amash 
Amodei 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.045 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5439 July 23, 2015 
Ashford 
Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge 
Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) 
Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Brady (PA) 
Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Israel Kaptur 
Keating Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Lynch 
Woodall 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1407 
Mr. RUIZ and Ms. WASSERMAN 
SCHULTZ changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 3009, ENFORCE THE LAW FOR SANCTUARY CITIES ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on adop-tion of the resolution (H. Res. 370) pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3009) to amend section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deny assistance under such section to a State or political subdivision of a State that prohibits its officials from taking certain actions with respect to immigration, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 243, nays 174, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 464] 
YEAS—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—174 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.022 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5440 July 23, 2015 
O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Doggett Green, Gene Hinojosa Israel 
Kaptur Keating Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lynch McNerney 
Quigley Sires Vela Wilson (FL) 
b1416 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated against: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 464, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
ENFORCE THE LAW FOR 
SANCTUARY CITIES ACT 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 370, I call up the bill (H.R. 3009) to amend section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deny assistance 
under such section to a State or polit-ical subdivision of a State that pro-hibits its officials from taking certain actions with respect to immigration, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. 
F
OXX). Pursuant to House Resolution 
370, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3009 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enforce the 
Law for Sanctuary Cities Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR STATE 
CRIMINAL ALIEN ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM (SCAAP) FUNDING. 
Section 241(i) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) A State (or a political subdivision of a 
State) shall not be eligible to enter into a contractual arrangement under paragraph (1) if the State (or political subdivision)— 
‘‘(A) has in effect any law, policy, or proce-
dure in contravention of subsection (a) or (b) of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373); or 
‘‘(B) prohibits State or local law enforce-
ment officials from gathering information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any indi-vidual.’’. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON DOJ GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) COPS.—In the case of a State or unit of 
local government that received a grant award under part Q of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.), if, during a fiscal year, that State or local government is a State or local government described in sub-section (c), the Attorney General shall with-hold all of the amount that would otherwise be awarded to that State or unit of local gov-ernment for the following fiscal year. 
(b) B
YRNE -JAG.—In the case of a State or 
unit of local government that received a grant award under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.), if, during a fiscal year, that State or unit of local government is described in subsection (c), the Attorney General shall withhold all of the amount that would otherwise be awarded to that State or unit of local gov-ernment for the following fiscal year. 
(c) S
TATES AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS DE-
SCRIBED .—A State or unit of local govern-
ment described in this subsection is any State or local government that— 
(1) has in effect any law, policy, or proce-
dure in contravention of subsection (a) or (b) of section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373); or 
(2) prohibits State or local law enforce-
ment officials from gathering information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, of any individual. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. G OODLATTE ) 
and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 3009, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I support H.R. 3009, the Enforce the 
Law for Sanctuary Cities Act, and commend Representative H
UNTER for 
introducing this legislation. It helps to address one of the main factors con-tributing to the collapse of immigra-tion enforcement in the United States, ‘‘sanctuary cities’’ that prohibit their law enforcement officers from sharing information with Federal immigration authorities to enable the removal of unlawful and criminal aliens. 
Nearly 20 years ago, Congress real-
ized that sanctuary cities were imped-ing the Federal Government from en-forcing our immigration laws and jeop-ardizing the safety of our residents, im-migrant and native-born alike. 
Legislation cowritten by former 
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, L
AMAR SMITH, prohibited States and lo-
calities from becoming sanctuaries for unlawful aliens. 
The Illegal Immigration Reform and 
Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 ensures that jurisdictions cannot pro-hibit or restrict government officials from sending to or receiving from Fed-
eral immigration authorities informa-tion regarding the immigration status of any person. 
Unfortunately, despite the prolifera-
tion of sanctuary jurisdictions, the Justice Department has never initiated a prosecution for violation of the 1996 act. If the administration won’t act, Congress must, and that is what Mr. H
UNTER ’s bill does. 
It withholds key Federal law enforce-
ment grants from sanctuary jurisdic-tions that violate the 1996 act. Enact-ment of Representative H
UNTER ’s legis-
lation will help persuade sanctuary ju-risdictions to simply abide by current Federal law and, in doing so, advance public safety. 
Representative H
UNTER ’s bill is an 
important first step, but there is much more we will need to do to rebuild im-migration enforcement in the United States. Once jurisdictions notify DHS of arrested unlawful and criminal aliens, it is crucial that they hold these aliens for transfer so that DHS can launch removal proceedings. 
The Center for Immigration Studies 
has revealed that, in the first 8 months of 2014, sanctuary cities refused to comply with DHS detainers for 8,145 aliens. After releasing these aliens, in only an 8-month period, 1,867 were ar-rested again for a criminal offense. Most recently, San Francisco’s refusal to honor a DHS detainer resulted in the tragic death of Kathryn Steinle. 
This is why it is so important that 
jurisdictions honor DHS detainers. In fact, just this morning, we held a hear-ing in the Judiciary Committee where a representative from the Steinle fam-ily testified. 
The conclusion of the witnesses was 
that we need to make crystal clear that compliance with ICE detainers is mandatory; yet this administration openly proclaims that detainers can be ignored and has chosen to dramatically scale back their issuance. 
This administration has chosen to 
create enforcement-free zones for mil-lions of unlawful and criminal aliens. It has turned the U.S. into a sanctuary Nation. That is the current reality. 
Despite DHS’ pledge to prioritize the 
removal of serious criminal aliens, in the last year, the number of adminis-trative arrests by criminal aliens has fallen by a third. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement continues to re-lease thousands of criminal aliens onto our streets, 30,558 in 2014, of which an-other 1,423 have already been convicted of new crimes. 
There are almost 180,000 convicted 
criminal aliens currently in removal proceedings living in our neighbor-hoods and almost 170,000 convicted aliens who have been ordered removed from the country also still living free and causing crimes on our streets. 
Under the Obama administration, the 
total number of convicted criminal aliens who are not being detained has jumped 28 percent since 2012 to a total of nearly 350,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.023 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5441 July 23, 2015 
We must prevent this or any other 
administration from being able to turn off the switch on immigration enforce-ment. Representative G
OWDY , chair-
man of the Immigration and Border Se-curity Subcommittee, has offered us a way forward to ensure enforcement of our immigration laws, despite the pur-poseful inaction of any administration. 
His legislation, the Michael Davis, 
Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act, al-lows States and localities to enact and enforce immigration laws of their own, as long as they are consistent with Federal law. Jurisdictions could proactively take responsibility for pro-tecting their communities and ensur-ing the integrity of our immigration system. 
Today, we are making an important 
down payment on protecting our con-stituents, and I appreciate the major-ity leader’s commitment to me that we will take additional action to ensure compliance with our immigration laws in the future. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
3009, the Enforce the Law for Sanc-tuary Cities Act, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 
3009, the Enforce the Law for Sanc-tuary Cities Act. 
This thoroughly flawed measure is a 
blatant attempt by most of the major-ity to insert its anti-immigrant status agenda into local policing initiatives. It does this by prohibiting State and local governments from receiving crit-ical criminal justice funds if they have policies that prioritize public safety and community policing over Federal immigration enforcement. 
The bill absolutely makes no sense 
because, rather than improving public safety, it will achieve the complete op-posite; and that is not just my conclu-sion. Law enforcement agencies from across the United States and numerous organizations—such as the Major Coun-ty Sheriffs Association, the Fraternal Order of Police, the Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force, the United States Conference of Mayors, and the 
National League of Cities—all oppose this bill. 
In effect, this bill would punish law 
enforcement officers by withholding the funds they need to do their jobs, and it would require States and local-ities to prioritize Federal immigration enforcement ahead of enhancing public safety. 
Reactionary proposals such as this 
legislation will only make our commu-nities less safe because immigrants will not report crimes or otherwise co-operate with the police if they fear they or their family members may be asked for their immigration status. As a result, crimes will go unsolved and unpunished while criminals are free to victimize more people. 
In addition, withholding crucial 
United States Department of Justice funds from local communities will not 
lower crime. Studies have dem-onstrated that these programs, par-ticularly the COPS and Byrne JAG funds, provide crucial support services to fight criminal activity, but a vote for H.R. 3009 is a vote to take these funds away and to risk making commu-nities less safe. 
All of us, on both sides of the aisle, 
are opposed to violent crime. There is simply no debate about that. Not one of us would condone what happened to Kate Steinle in San Francisco, but H.R. 3009 is simply the wrong approach. 
I agree with the Major Cities Chiefs 
Association that the best way to re-duce crime in their cities is to gain the community’s trust and cooperation. I also believe that the majority of immi-grants in this country are hard-work-ing, law-abiding residents; and com-prehensive immigration reform would allow these law-abiding individuals to come out of the shadows and get right with the law. 
Such legislative reform would enable 
Immigration and Customs Enforcement to focus its limited resources on de-porting the worst elements, while en-suring that our entire community, citi-zens and immigrants alike, are pro-tected from harm. 
Instead of considering this common-
sense solution, the majority—most of them—have repeatedly voted to deport DREAMers; to deport the parents of United States citizens; and to deport vulnerable children from fleeing perse-cution, violence, and trafficking. 
Now, the majority, in the form of 
H.R. 3009, asks us to override the public safety mission of State and local en-forcement agencies to increase depor-tations. 
I strenuously urge my colleagues to 
oppose this dangerous legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
b1430 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UNTER ), the chief 
sponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. HUNTER. Madam Speaker, let 
me say to Chairman G OODLATTE , thank 
you very much for your leadership on this and thanks for moving this so quickly. This is a timely bill, and I just want to thank you and your committee for moving it so quick. 
This legislation is about one thing. 
That is accountability. The American people have the right to not give their Federal tax dollars to municipalities and States that do not follow Federal law. 
There are lots of changes to enforce-
ment that must be imposed on sanc-tuary cities, and we are going to work toward those things. This Republican Congress is going to work toward those things, just as we are putting in mo-tion a mechanism today that holds sanctuary cities accountable. 
I think we can all agree that any lo-
cality must comply with the law, and they are required to coordinate and co-
operate with the Federal Government. If an arrest is made, the Federal Gov-ernment should be notified. 
The fact that San Francisco and L.A. 
and other cities disagree with the poli-tics of Federal enforcement does not give them a free pass to subvert the law. If they do, there has to be con-sequences. 
The way that we impose con-
sequences on these sanctuary cities is by hitting them where it hurts, and that is in their pocketbook. It is sim-ple. 
If you don’t comply with the law as 
it stands now, then you don’t receive coveted Federal money intended for law enforcement. And that money allo-cated for fiscal year 2015 alone almost adds up to a billion dollars. 
$800 million are going to municipali-
ties, cities, counties, and States that care more about illegal alien criminals, felons, than they do their own citizens. It is time we stand up to sanctuary cit-ies and begin holding them accountable for their failure to uphold the law. 
I come as a representative that has 
sanctuary cities in my district. They are going to lose money for this. They are going to lose money because they are not complying with Federal law. 
This Federal money that they get is 
taxpayer money from States like Wis-consin, from New York, from South Carolina, from Florida, and throughout the entire country. People around this country don’t want their money going to States and cities that don’t care to follow the Federal law. 
Again, if you are a State, city, or lo-
cality and you choose to defy Federal immigration law, you will be cut off from three Federal programs: the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, the Community-Oriented Policing Services program, and the Byrne JAG program. 
These are the three funds that will 
get cut if you are a sanctuary city. All you have to do to receive these funds is comply with the Federal law. 
This bill is just the first step in re-
storing accountability in our immigra-tion system. Our border infrastructure continues to fall short in too many places, and I am as frustrated as any-one in this Congress that the adminis-tration refuses to enforce Federal im-migration law. 
These are all serious issues that need 
to be addressed, and I look forward to working with this Congress and Chair-man G
OODLATTE in the future to ad-
vance these goals. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
3009. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Z
OELOFGREN ). 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, we 
have an immigration system that is badly broken. There are 11 million un-documented people in this country. Contrary to what Donald Trump may think, the majority of these people are not rapists. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.056 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5442 July 23, 2015 
They are hard-working people, 
spouses and parents of U.S. citizens, DREAMers, entrepreneurs who want an opportunity to come forward, submit to background checks, and become fully American. 
Faced with a broken system, State 
and local law enforcement have adopt-ed policies to enhance public safety and maintain community trust. 
Because when people are afraid of the 
police, when they are afraid that the police might ask them or their family about their immigration status, they are afraid to report crimes, unlikely to cooperate with investigations, and then criminals thrive and the general public suffers. 
This bill puts an impossible choice 
between State and local law enforce-ment agencies. They can either aban-don policies that work or they can lose the Federal funds they rely on to police their communities and protect them. 
The dangers posed by this bill are 
real. 144 national, State, and local ad-vocacy organizations have written op-posing this bill because of the detri-mental impact it would have on public safety, big cities, but also little ones like Dayton, Ohio, a place that most people don’t think of as a sanctuary city. 
In Dayton, police officers are told not 
to check immigration status of wit-nesses and victims, nor to ask about immigration during minor traffic stops. 
The police chief there has explained 
that this policy has helped them have a safer community. According to the 
chief, after the policy was adopted, se-rious violent crime dropped nearly 22 percent and serious property crime de-creased almost 15 percent. 
Madam Speaker, why should Dayton, 
Ohio, be barred from receiving funds for policing when their policies work? 
Now, punishing the law enforcement 
officers by withholding the funds they need is not only incorrect, it is why the bill is opposed to by the Major County Sheriffs’ Associations, the Fraternal Order of Police, dozens of sheriffs and police chiefs. 
The President has said we should de-
port felons, not families, and that is what his priority enforcement program does. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security 
told the Judiciary Committee just last week that withholding funds from com-munities would be a huge setback in ef-forts to improve the relationship be-tween DHS, State, and local law en-forcement in communities across the country. 
It has been said that this bill is a re-
sponse to the tragic murder of Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco, just up the road from my district. 
However, nothing in this bill would 
have prevented that outrageous murder of Ms. Steinle. Nothing in the bill would have required the Bureau of Prisons and ICE to consult with San Francisco, to ascertain whether or not the 20-year-old warrant would lead to a prosecution. Nothing in this bill would have re-
quired ICE to obtain a warrant, as is necessary to hold people beyond the term of their criminal sentence. 
Nothing in the bill would even have 
affected the sheriff of San Francisco’s decision to release the individual charged with murdering Ms. Steinle. 
So that tragedy should not be used to 
advance a different agenda, this bill. 
Over the last year we have come to 
the floor to vote on bills to deport the DREAM Act kids, to deport the parents of U.S. citizens, to deport vulnerable 
children fleeing persecution and sex trafficking. 
Today we are asked to vote on a bill 
that overrides the public safety mis-sion of State and local law enforcement agencies and to increase deportations all around. 
We had the votes to pass comprehen-
sive immigration reform in the last Congress, and I hope we can get back to that point. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CONYERS. I yield 15 seconds to 
the gentlewoman. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I 
would note that we have an oppor-tunity here to learn from the tragedy in San Francisco to come up with real solutions that would make our commu-nity safer instead of using that tragedy as an excuse to promote a different agenda. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself 15 seconds to make very clear nothing in this bill requires any officer of the law to ask any question of any victims of crime about their im-migration status. 
All it does is prohibit cities and 
counties from ordering their officers to not communicate with ICE or gather information from ICE about the status of individuals. This is a good bill. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the former 
chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the current chairman of the Science Committee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speak-
er, first of all, let me thank the gen-tleman from Virginia and a good friend and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee for yielding me time. 
Madam Speaker, I support H.R. 3009, 
the Enforce the Law for Sanctuary City Act. The bill is appropriately named, since sanctuary cities violate current laws that require these juris-dictions to share information with Fed-eral authorities about illegal immi-grants who have been arrested. 
H.R. 3009 helps enforce an immigra-
tion bill I introduced several years ago that became law. This legislation with-holds certain Federal funds from sanc-tuary jurisdictions that hide the immi-gration status of illegal immigrants charged with crimes. These reforms serve as a first step in keeping dan-gerous criminals off our streets and out of our neighborhoods. 
Sanctuary cities have increased 
under this administration, which has done nothing to discourage them. During only an 8-month period last 
year, sanctuary cities released almost 9,000 illegal immigrants charged with or convicted of serious crimes. One- quarter have already been arrested again for committing more crimes, like murder and sexual assault. When does it end? 
I don’t understand how anyone could 
oppose enforcing immigration laws. The victims are not Democrats or Re-publicans. The victims are innocent Americans. 
Many of the crimes committed by il-
legal immigrants could have been pre-vented if the Obama administration had enforced immigration laws. In-stead, it has chosen to ignore them and innocent Americans continue to pay a steep price. 
I thank the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. H
UNTER ) for authorizing 
this legislation, and I urge its ap-proval. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), a senior mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to H.R. 3009, which would make communities across the country less safe from crime. 
This legislation would withhold need-
ed Federal funding from cities that prohibit their law enforcement au-thorities from collecting information on a person’s immigration status or that have policies restricting the dis-closure of this information to other governmental entities. 
Many cities, including New York, 
have made the reasonable determina-tion that they will not question vic-tims of crime or witnesses to a crime about their immigration status. They believe it is counterproductive to make them afraid to cooperate with law en-forcement. 
But this bill says that we in Congress 
know better, and, in the name of pro-tecting public safety, we will deny such cities the funds that they need to pro-tect the public safety. 
Many cities think that their commu-
nities are safer when a victim of do-mestic violence feels comfortable ask-ing the police for protection from their abuser without fear of deportation. 
They believe that witnesses to a mur-
der ought to step forward and assist law enforcement in tracking down the perpetrator without fear that they will face consequences of their own if they step forward. 
They think that good policing de-
pends on building trust with their resi-dents and that striking fear among im-migrants that they may be deported if they report a crime makes everyone less safe. 
Punishing residents of cities whose 
officials have made such decisions is both unfair and unwise. New York City alone could lose $57 million under this legislation. 
This would not only punish the pub-
lic officials who set these policies and the undocumented residents in their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.057 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5443 July 23, 2015 
communities, but it would punish all 
innocent people who depend on these Federal resources to protect public safety. 
My heart is with the Steinle family, 
and we all share their outrage at Kate’s senseless murder. But this bill and other attempts to punish so-called sanctuary cities would do nothing to address the issues that might have pre-vented her death. 
Instead of taking positive steps to 
improve communication between Fed-eral, State, and local authorities, this bill simply demonizes immigrants and perpetuates the myth that they are more prone to commit a crime than is the native-born population. 
This legislation might fit com-
fortably in Donald Trump’s campaign platform, but it has no business on the House floor. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. CONYERS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. NADLER. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
just want to make clear that the gen-tleman from Virginia, the chairman of the committee, is wrong about this bill. He says it only prohibits States and localities from adopting policies about not communicating with ICE. This is not true. 
The bill also prohibits State and 
local law enforcement agencies from adopting policies directing their offi-cers not to collect information about immigration status for the general public. 
Any individual, the bill says. So it 
doesn’t state that State and local po-lice must gather immigration status information for the Federal Govern-ment. 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman. 
b1445 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself 15 seconds to say again, nothing in the bill requires any officer to ask any question of any victim of crimes about their immigration status. All it does is prohibit cities and coun-ties from ordering their officers to not communicate with ICE or to gather the information status of individuals. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), a member of the 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Madam Speaker, I 
appreciate this bill coming to the floor. 
I hear this discussion, and it seems to 
me there is a consistent theme that the people on the other side of the aisle are opposed to bringing leverage to polit-ical subdivisions to bring about law en-forcement. They assert that nothing in this bill could have prevented the trag-ic murder of Kate Steinle. 
I would suggest that if we had no 
sanctuary jurisdictions in America, there is a lot greater chance that his deportation would have stuck; and if we had a President of the United States who worked to get our law en-forcement officers to coordinate at 
each level of our political subdivisions rather than litigate when they do mir-ror Federal law, likely we would have had a chance to prevent not only her tragic death but that of thousands and thousands of others. 
I support this bill. It is encompassed 
within an amendment that I brought to the floor here on June 3 that passed with 227 votes. I congratulate D
UNCAN  
HUNTER for his persistence on this leg-
islation that is 6 years long. I am grateful to be working on an immigra-tion issue with the second generation of Hunters. 
I see there is much more enforcement 
that is ahead of us, but this is a step, and it is a step that helps us find out are people for a thread of enforcement and bringing some leverage to try to bring the political subdivisions in line rather than having them flout the law, which they have consistently done, and it has grown dramatically under the Obama administration. 
I would add that there is much more 
that I would like to do, much more to do. I would like to move Kate’s Law. M
ATT SALMON has brought some of 
that. I would like to make it incre-mental so it goes from a 5-year manda-tory to a 10-year mandatory on second offense and move it up the line. I would like to make E-Verify mandatory. I would like to pass the New IDEA Act so the IRS can help enforce this. I would like to build a fence, a wall, and a fence, Madam Speaker, and I would like to repass the border bill that we did last summer. There are a number of good things. 
By the way, we need to make detain-
ers mandatory, and we need to tighten up the loophole language. All of that we have a chance to do after Labor Day. Today we need to do what we can do, and that is pass this bill. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE). 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to this misguided legislation offered under the false pretense that it has something to do with the tragic murder of Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco. Make no mis-take, Miss Steinle’s killer should not have been on the streets. We must get to the bottom of the official misjudg-ment and negligence and the bureau-cratic breakdown that led to this trag-edy. 
As the former chairman of the Sub-
committee on Homeland Security of the Committee on Appropriations, I take a backseat to no one when it comes to deporting dangerous criminal aliens who pose a threat to public safe-ty. But we also need to be very clear about this: this tragedy has nothing to do with so-called sanctuary cities. 
The bill before us would punish some 
of the most vulnerable cities high on the UASI list—places like San Fran-cisco, New York, Miami, Chicago—pun-ish them for exercising their lawful discretion in dealing with noncriminals or those with minor violations. They 
do this in order to protect the public and enforce the law, which requires trust and cooperation with immigrant communities. To scapegoat entire cit-ies and make law enforcement less ef-fective through this bill is simply inex-cusable. 
I urge its defeat. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself 15 seconds to say to the gentleman from North Carolina, this bill has everything to do with what happened in San Francisco. The tragic murder of Kate Steinle was because the city of San Francisco was not following the law and contacting the immigra-tion service and doing things to make sure that he was deported. Instead, they released him back onto their streets. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Speaker, I 
rise today in support of this bill, in support of American families. 
This week, we have heard powerful 
and heartbreaking stories from fami-lies who have lost a loved one at the hands of an illegal immigrant. Often-times, these individuals were able to operate freely because of the sanctuary policies of certain U.S. cities, policies that ignore Federal immigration law. 
It is time this Congress put the lives 
and welfare of American citizens and legal residents first. It is time to pro-tect the innocent. This means not an-other Kate, Josh, Dennis, Danny, Grant, and countless others. It is time to penalize cities that willfully ignore Federal law to the detriment of citi-zens and legal residents. 
I encourage my fellow Members to 
read the testimony from this week’s Senate hearing. Read about the lives lost, the brutality of the crimes, the lack of remorse by the perpetrators, and the heartbreak of the families. Today we have a choice: protect fellow Americans or give sanctuary to crimi-nal aliens. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. G UTIE´RREZ ), an excel-
lent member of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Madam Speaker, 
just a few weeks into his campaign and Donald Trump has a bill on the floor of the House. That is better than some of the Senators he is running against. Donald Trump announces his cam-paign, saying Mexican immigrants are mostly murderers, drug dealers, and rapists. What is the response from the Republican Party? Do they denounce him? No, they only denounce people when they go after war heroes who ran for President. I denounce him for that, too. 
Some tried to distance themselves 
from his comments. Okay. But here we are on the floor of the House passing a bill to jump on the Trump bandwagon, cynically exploiting a family’s tragedy in San Francisco to score political points. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.058 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5444 July 23, 2015 
I have been very clear from day one, 
despite efforts to spear me by hard-line advocates, that the person, this Lopez- Sanchez, who pulled the trigger in San Francisco should have been deported and never turned over. I have no sym-pathy for him. I have said it on this floor, and I will say it again today: murderers should rot in hell. 
The breakdown by the Federal Gov-
ernment—the Federal Government—to deport a known criminal, as they have done before, to keep them in jail, is what led to an American woman losing her life. She was just about the age of my daughters when she was killed. A tragedy, and a preventable tragedy, if the Federal Government had done what it is supposed to do, and preventable if this Congress had done what it was 
supposed to do and address immigra-tion years ago, as my side of the aisle has been pleading for you to do. 
But this Republican proposal is not a 
serious attempt at fixing the problem. Instead of piecemeal measures aimed at maximizing deportation, the long overdue solution is for Congress to enact comprehensive immigration re-form that combines smart enforcement at the border and in the interior with a clear plan for reducing the size of the undocumented population in America. 
We do this by having a modern visa 
system so people can come with visas and background checks, not with smugglers or overstaying visas and just blending in. We do this by telling mil-lions of people who have never com-mitted crimes: Come forward; admit you are here illegally; go through a background check; and work your way to the right side of the law. Get the millions of immigrants inside the sys-tem and on the books so they no longer need to worry about their local police working with or without the deporta-tion system. 
If you get millions and millions of 
immigrants inside the law, then the ones who are criminals can’t qualify to get inside the law. They will stick out like sore thumbs, not blend in to our communities across America and cause havoc, as they did in San Francisco. 
But this is very specifically the ap-
proach the Republican majority re-fused to touch with a 10-foot pole be-cause they see demagogues like Donald Trump. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. But this approach 
of bringing millions and millions of im-migrants inside the law so that we can get after the criminals that stick out like sore thumbs outside of the law, 
this approach is what has been the ap-proach that the Republican majority refuses to touch with a 10-foot pole be-cause they see demagogues like Donald Trump firing up frustrated voters and want to take the easy way out. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
ALMON ). Mr. SALMON. Madam Speaker, I 
would like to thank my colleague D UN-
CAN HUNTER for working with me in 
crafting this important piece of legisla-tion. As the coauthor of this bill, I am very proud to see the House taking ac-tion on this front. I also want to thank leadership for bringing this bill to the floor. 
We are hearing some strange rhetoric 
here today, especially from the other side of the aisle. I hear about vulner-able cities. How about vulnerable tax-paying Americans? I hear about sanc-tuary for thugs like the one that killed Kate Steinle. Shouldn’t our cities be a sanctuary for law-abiding American citizens who have a right to walk on safe streets? 
Make no mistake, this is a very, very 
important bill. From 2010 to 2014, the number 121 should stick in everybody’s minds; 121 illegal immigrants with lengthy criminal records went on to commit murder after they were let out to do their heinous crimes. 
That is why I was so appalled to hear 
one of my colleagues from across the aisle call the murder of American citi-zens like Kate Steinle and my con-stituent, Grant Ronnebeck, a little thing. Such disgusting remarks and flagrant disregard for life, especially the lives of those that we claim to rep-resent, I find repulsive. In fact, such callous remarks only serve to highlight the fact that it is time for the majority of Americans who want to see govern-ment fulfill its most basic constitu-tional duties, protecting its borders and its citizens, stand up and take America back. It is time to stand up and be heard and demand that our gov-ernment fulfill these most basic duties. 
These sanctuary cities that refuse to 
uphold the law and openly broadcast the fact that they are flouting the law make our country less safe and only serve to perpetuate tragedies like the one that we saw in San Francisco. Not only are these supposed sanctuary cit-ies ignoring the law, but they are broadcasting the fact to illegal immi-grant felons like Kate Steinle’s mur-derer, a seven-time felon who flat out admitted one of the reasons that he chose to stay in San Francisco—in fact, the predominant reason he chose to stay—was because he knew that they would protect him. 
Well, who is going to protect law- 
abiding Americans? When will Amer-ican cities be sanctuaries for Ameri-cans and not for illegal felons? 
Unfortunately, these sanctuary cities 
are not being held accountable by this administration, which has dem-onstrated time and time again it has no interest in securing the border or upholding existing immigration law. With this in mind, I think that we have a responsibility to stand up and do what is right. This sanctuary cities policy and fixing it so that they have to abide by the laws that we pass here in Congress to protect our borders and protect our citizens has to be adhered to. It is just common sense. Mr. CONYERS. Madam Speaker, I 
yield the balance of my time to Rep-resentative L
OFGREN and ask unani-
mous consent that she be permitted to control the time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ). 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Madam Speaker, I 
would like to bring the perspective of my community, the community I have the honor of representing in Congress, El Paso, Texas, to bear in this discus-sion. 
El Paso is the safest community with 
an over 500,000 population in the United States today, and it has been for the last 4 years in a row. That is, some peo-ple think, despite the fact that it is connected to Ciudad Juarez at the U.S.-Mexico border and despite the fact that it has a large number of immi-grants in the community. I say, and the people who live in that community agree with me, that it is, in large part, because of immigrants who come to participate and contribute to the American Dream. 
b1500 
On issues and matters of law enforce-
ment, I tend to defer to the experts. Big city police chiefs and county sher-iffs, like the sheriff in El Paso, Texas, say for them to prevent crime and solve crimes, it is necessary to be able to work with everyone in the commu-nity without fear that they are going to be enforcing Federal law enforce-ment mandates to the exclusion of the public safety of the people that I have the honor of representing. 
For that reason, I urge my colleagues 
to join me in voting against this pro-posal, a solution in search of a prob-lem. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 15 seconds to say, yet again, nothing in this bill requires any officer to ask any question of any vic-tims of crime about their immigration status. All it does is prohibit cities and counties from ordering their officers not to communicate with ICE or to gather information status about indi-viduals. 
It is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes 
to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ). 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Virginia for so consistently working on this issue of how we deal with the criminal illegal alien population and also with the sanctuary cities. 
I thank Mr. H
UNTER for the work 
that he has done on this bill. I chuck-led when Congressman K
INGand the 
gentleman from Iowa mentioned the second generation of Hunters because, yes, we do know that his father was very involved in this issue and focusing on making certain that we keep our cities safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.059 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5445 July 23, 2015 
As we have this debate and as we 
look at these sanctuary city policies that certain counties and cities and State have exercised, we have come to realize that through the years, every State has become a border State and every town a border town because of the criminal illegal alien population that will gravitate to these sanctuary cities. 
Los Angeles was the first sanctuary 
city in 1979. We hear people say, Oh, this is an issue that has been around for a long time. Mr. Speaker, that does not mean you do not address the issue. It means you solve the problem; you bring forward solutions, and that is what we are doing here today. 
The U.S. Sentencing Commission re-
cently released some data that I think is instructive to this debate. Illegal aliens accounted for almost 75 percent of Federal sentencing for drug posses-sion and made up more than a third of all Federal sentences in 2014. That is why we are dealing with this issue. 
Our constituents are saying, You 
need to put this on a front burner and deal with this issue. That is what we are doing here. Look at the State of Texas. I just recently read the stats from them. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
B
YRNE ). The time of the gentlewoman 
has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield an addi-
tional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. In Texas, the de-
partment of public safety released a re-port that, between 2008 and 2014, for-eign aliens committed over 600,000 crimes and almost 3,000 murders in the State of Texas. That is the reason that we come here to address this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, the crime rate for ille-
gal aliens in this country should be zero. It should be zero because it should not be tolerated. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. B
ECERRA ). 
Mr. BECERRA. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
The man who killed Kathryn Steinle 
should be punished to the fullest extent of the law. Perhaps more importantly, the officials who released the person who killed her—released this man from custody—dropped the ball, they should be held accountable. 
This bill punishes the police in my 
city of Los Angeles, the police in the city of Knoxville, and the police in Manchester, New Hampshire. It pun-ishes police that had nothing to do with the crime that occurred in San Francisco. It takes away money from the police departments in Los Angeles, in Knoxville, and Manchester, when we need to put people and police on the street to protect all of us. 
This would deprive our cities of mon-
ies we have earned because we paid our taxes. Why? It is because the pro-ponents of this bill say that our cities are violating the law. If we are vio-lating the law, name the law we are violating. We are not violating any 
law. You just don’t like the policy. 
Don’t take the Donald Trump bait. 
Don’t punish others for the crimes of someone else. In our country, you go after the person who is criminally lia-ble; you go after that individual and lock them up forever, but don’t tell the police in Los Angeles, Manchester, or in Knoxville, Tennessee, or other cities that are trying to have a working rela-tionship between their police and grow-ing immigrant communities that they won’t be able to collaborate so we can go after the criminals—because that is what you are doing. 
You are taking money away from 
L.A., even though this crime did not happen in my city, and you are telling my police department and the men and women in uniform in L.A. that they will have fewer officers by their side because you are going to take money away because you don’t like that some guy committed a criminal act. He killed someone; he should be punished for it, but we had nothing to do with it. Go after the folks that are account-able. 
This is not the way we do justice in 
America, and it is wrong. It is wrong for you to tell all these communities who have a working relationship be-tween their police officers and their growing immigrant communities that they are now going to lose funds to hire more police officers. That is the wrong way to do it. 
That is the Donald Trump bait. Don’t 
take it. Let’s vote this down. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded that their remarks must be directed to the Chair. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 30 seconds to respond to the gentleman from California to tell him that the law that sanctuary cities are violating is title 8, section 1373 of the United States Code, communica-tion between government agencies and the Immigration and Naturalization Service. 
The failure to do that has resulted in 
8,000 criminal aliens being released onto our streets just last year by sanc-tuary cities. Those 8,000 criminal aliens have since then already committed nearly 1,900 additional crimes. This is about not just San Francisco, but other States as well. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ). 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of the Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act because we have got to stop the madness of not enforcing our laws. 
In the last weeks, we have seen cov-
erage of two terrible murders that oc-curred because our laws went unen-forced. My thoughts, prayers, and con-dolences go out to the families of the victims. Sadly, these tragedies are but a representation of a larger, deeper, and more troubling problem. 
While I wish today we were also con-
sidering legislation by Mr. G
OWDY to 
address the administration’s abysmal lack of respect for our immigration 
laws, Chairman M CCAUL’s bill to secure 
the borders, or Chairman L AMAR  
SMITH’s bill to implement E-Verify to 
stop businesses from exploiting un-documented workers, this bill is a step in the right direction. It will stop the American people from subsidizing local law enforcement departments that refuse to do their jobs and enforce the law. 
Let’s take the emotion out of this. 
Let’s take it out of the immigration and border security issue, which are emotionally charged. This is a fiscally responsible bill. If we were spending money for a defense contractor to de-velop a new weapons system and they weren’t developing that weapons sys-tem, we would take the money back. 
Well, here we are, giving money to 
law enforcement to work with ICE to deal with criminal aliens, and they are not doing it. Of course, we have got to take the money back. It would be fool-ish to do anything else. 
Mr. Speaker, this horrible loss of life 
that we have seen is a result of the negligence and complete lack of re-spect for the rule of law that this ad-ministration and the mayors of sanc-tuary cities took an oath to uphold. It is appalling. Today, we are going to be able to deal with one part of that prob-lem, and I am going to encourage all of my colleagues to vote with me to sup-port H.R. 3009 and put our Nation back on the path to sanity. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire how much time remains? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from California has 9
3⁄4re-
maining. The gentleman from Virginia has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, we 
have only one additional speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Community trust policies result in 
more efficient policing. When State 
and local law enforcement agencies promote community trust policies, public safety is increased. 
The current New York police com-
missioner and former chief of police in Los Angeles, William Bratton, said: ‘‘When officers can speak freely with victims and witnesses, it goes a long way towards making every American neighborhood much safer.’’ 
Here is a case study in New Haven, 
Connecticut. According to a 2010 report by the Police Executive Research Forum, New Haven, Connecticut, devel-oped a community trust policy in which New Haven police assured immi-grant communities that the police de-partment’s goals were to address crime and to make the streets safer. 
They encouraged people to report 
crime and to cooperate, regardless of their immigration status. The city law prohibited immigration status inquir-ies of crime victims, witnesses, or oth-ers who approached police for assist-ance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.061 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5446 July 23, 2015 
I would note that the bill before us 
would prohibit this policy, this law that New Haven adopted. The result of New Haven’s policy and their other community trust policies were strong-er ties between law enforcement and the immigrant community. Over the next several years, New Haven experi-enced a 46 percent decrease in murders and a 13 percent decrease in rape incidences. This policy, which this bill 
would prohibit, worked. 
This was a very important result. 
After learning of it, the United States Conference of Mayors, a group that most of us trust pretty much, did a sur-vey of cities around the United States who adopted the same trust policies. 
They include Alameda, California; 
Augusta, Georgia; New Brunswick, New Jersey; and a whole host of others. They found that all of these cities also reported the same kind of reduction in crime after they adopted these policies. Adopting these policies is an important component of keeping communities safe, and this bill would prohibit that. It would prohibit it. 
Now, I understand the outrage over 
Mr. Lopez-Sanchez. In fact, I share it. Obviously, he has been accused of mur-der. Even when we have a situation like this, we have to have a trial, but I believe personally that he is guilty, based on all the evidence. 
I believe he should not have been out 
on that street in San Francisco. If you look at his record—and I will go through it a little bit—it actually makes certain points. I have heard peo-ple say, Well, we have got open borders, and that is why he was here. 
In fact, that is not the case. This in-
dividual attempted to enter the United States repeatedly, and he was caught by the Border Patrol, just as they are supposed to do their job. 
What happened then is he was de-
ported repeatedly in the nineties, and then they started prosecuting him for felony reentry after removal. He served 16 years in Federal prison for the fel-ony of reentering after removal. 
Our laws went after him. He should 
not have been released in San Fran-cisco, but I think some of what we need to do is see what policies would have kept him off that street, and I will deal with those later. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ). 
Mr. BECERRA. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
I took a look at the statute, the code 
section that the chairman cited as the authority that a law has been violated by San Francisco. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will suspend. 
The gentleman will direct his re-
marks to the Chair. 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I will 
direct my remarks to the Chair. 
May I ask, Mr. Speaker, if any of my 
time has been consumed as a result of the Chair’s interruptions of my re-marks? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It has 
not. Mr. BECERRA. I thank the Chair. 
Mr. Speaker, the chairman of the 
committee made a statement that the law that had been violated by San Francisco, and the law that would be violated by places like Los Angeles that would cause this legislation to have my community of Los Angeles lose money for its police officers was a particular section in the code. 
b1515 
I have read the code. I am looking it 
up right now. That section relates to information being provided about the immigration status of an individual. We are not talking about the immigra-tion status of an individual. We all knew that this individual was not doc-umented. We knew his status. The in-formation that was not conveyed in this particular case is that the indi-vidual is going to be released from cus-tody. This bill doesn’t change that. 
There was no law violated by the city 
of San Francisco. Certainly, my city of Los Angeles didn’t violate any law. The city of Knoxville, Tennessee, didn’t violate any law. The city of Man-chester, New Hampshire didn’t violate any law. And I could name to you any number of other cities and towns in America who are trying to establish working relationships with their immi-grant community who did not violate any law. But this bill would punish all those cities and towns simply because this legislation wishes to extract pun-ishment for any city that has estab-lished a policy working with its immi-grant community. 
There is no State or city law in 
America that supersedes Federal law. Federal law is the law of the land. The chairman knows that. We all know that. And so, to pretend that somehow cities are violating Federal law is a farce. It is the sort of attack that Don-ald Trump is using right now as he goes out and campaigns for President. 
We should not fall for that, and we 
should not deny our police departments funding because of a policy that some people don’t like. 
I thank the gentlewoman for yield-
ing. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to close by posing some of 
the questions that this bill does not deal with and that I think should com-mand our attention. 
In this case, we had an individual 
who had a criminal record. He had at-tempted to enter the United States, was apprehended, deported, was pros-ecuted and convicted for illegal entry after removal. After serving over 4 years for the last felony prosecution, he was ready to be deported, but they found, even though he had been de-ported many times before with an out-standing bench warrant from 1995 where the underlying offense was mari-juana possession, all of a sudden, this year, he was sent to San Francisco. 
I think one of the questions we need 
to ask is: What is the process of out-standing warrants and its interface 
with the Bureau of Prisons when some-one really should be deported? 
Apparently, there was no commu-
nication between the Federal Govern-ment and the prosecuting attorney in San Francisco. He was sent to, appar-ently, San Francisco, but the district attorney did not see this matter until he was already in custody. 
Now, I don’t fault the district attor-
ney for not prosecuting on a 20-year- old marijuana possession case. Where would you find the witnesses? And, in fact, in California today, marijuana possession is an infraction, not a mis-demeanor. But the point is he should never have been in San Francisco to begin with. 
So I think we need to take a look at 
the processes that we have to make sure that we don’t have this kind of situation again. Clearly, he should not have been released when the district attorney declined to prosecute. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to my 
colleague from California (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I represent 
many small communities in California that have a lot of gang violence. It is mostly Hispanic young men against Hispanic young men. They are not un-documented. They are actually second- generation gangs, a lot of killings. In fact, it is labeled the murder capital of the world, or in the United States. 
What the community has been trying 
to do is work out what we call commu-nity policing, where you really trust the cops. What happens is they asked them to be a sanctuary city, because 
what the local cops didn’t like about the INS and la migra coming in is that they would just come in and do raids and they would round up innocent peo-ple, and there was just lots of confu-sion. Our office would get involved try-ing to trace people down, where are they, and all these things. 
What the sanctuary city says is, 
look, let’s not just turn over the name to everybody we stop on an infraction to the Federal cop. Let them come down and do what they call jail checks. Well, they don’t want to do jail checks. That is not fun and fancy. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. LOFGREN. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. FARR. The problem is that this 
community policing, the problem is this bill just busts all that, all the trust that has been built. 
As Congresswoman L
OFGREN said, the 
San Francisco deal was a big screwup between law enforcement. But don’t pe-nalize all these other cities that are doing a lot of wonderful things to do community policing and lead to con-fidence in law enforcement, not disconfidence. 
You are going to create more prob-
lems than you ever imagined, like peo-ple not wanting to report crimes, not wanting to talk to cops, and you are just using the heavy hand of govern-ment to bust good community rela-tions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.062 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5447 July 23, 2015 
I just think this is the wrong way to 
do it. Let’s let this thing air out and address the problems that Congress-woman L
OFGREN talked about and not 
adopt this bill. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 1 minute to respond to both gentlemen from California. 
First, with regard to Mr. B
ECERRA , 
the fact of the matter is that title 8 of the United States Code, section 1373, related to communication between government agencies and Immigration and Naturalization Service, is an im-portant statute, and sanctuary cities violate that statute when they pass or-dinances that prohibit—prohibit—their law enforcement officers from commu-nicating with the Immigration and Naturalization Service. 
This yields situations like what oc-
curred in San Francisco, because the sheriff there has a policy saying they could not communicate with the INS. Already, one San Francisco supervisor has called upon the city to change the policy so that they will communicate. 
This bill, which cuts off funds to cit-
ies that have provisions that con-tradict and violate the United States law does the same thing by a different route, and it will save many lives in the future if local law enforcement will communicate with the INS. 
Now, to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. F
ARR), I just want to repeat 
again what I have said several times here. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield myself an 
additional 15 seconds. 
There is nothing in this bill that re-
quires any officer to ask any question of any victims of crimes about their immigration status or to reveal that information to the INS. 
So I would urge folks to look at what 
this bill, very straightforward, simple bill says. Federal law governs immigra-tion policy, and local governments shouldn’t have hundreds of different immigration policies of their own. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. I would just close by saying that we have been asked by law enforcement agencies, by domestic violence advocacy groups, by the faith community not to adopt this bill. I know we can come together to make a safer community. This bill is not the answer, and I urge Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may 
I ask how much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 6
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. G
OWDY ), the chairman of the Immigra-
tion and Border Security Sub-committee, to close our debate. 
Mr. GOWDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his 
leadership on this and so many other issues of significance on the Judiciary 
Committee. His steady hand and bril-liant legal mind are without equal on our committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank 
the family of Kate Steinle for the grace that they have shown during this time of unspeakable grief. 
Burying a child, Mr. Speaker, is what 
each of us who has ever been called Mom or Dad fears the most. After Trayvon Martin was killed, the Presi-dent said, ‘‘That could have been my son,’’ Mr. Speaker. 
And when I see a picture of a beau-
tiful Kate Steinle smiling, that could have been any of our daughters. And it still can be, because what happened to her, Mr. Speaker, can and will happen again if we do not get serious about en-forcing the law. 
Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, Mr. 
Speaker, had a quarter century’s worth of lawlessness. Dating back to 1991, he committed local, State, and Federal crimes in five separate States, I hasten to add, Mr. Speaker. He was deported five times, and each time had so little regard for the law of this country that he reentered that border that we are supposed to have functional control over. 
His procedural history, Mr. Speaker, 
is every bit as disturbing. In May of 2011, this defendant was convicted and sentenced to 46 months imprisonment for illegal reentry again. At the conclu-sion of that sentence, he was released from the Bureau of Prisons to a known sanctuary jurisdiction for the osten-sible prosecution of an old drug case. 
Of course, Mr. Speaker, San Fran-
cisco did not prosecute that old drug case. They dismissed it, which sur-prises exactly no one, and then they re-leased this defendant. 
They did not return him to the Bu-
reau of Prisons. They did not return him to Federal probation. They did not honor the detainer that had been placed by ICE. They released him, who was not supposed to be in the country in the first place, with this horrific criminal history. They released him so he would be free to walk around and shoot someone’s daughter, which is ex-actly what he did. 
Mr. Speaker, we are given a litany of 
excuses. I have heard them this morn-ing, Mr. Speaker, for policies like this. We are told that we need policies like the one in San Francisco so people will cooperate with law enforcement. 
I want you, Mr. Speaker, to consider 
just how utterly illogical that com-ment is. We need to release known criminals back into society so society will help us catch known criminals. How absurd is that, that we are going to release people that should be de-ported, that are recidivist felons, so other people will help us catch those who should be deported and are recidi-vist felons? 
For almost 5 years, Mr. Speaker, I 
have worked alongside Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE , and I have heard a litany of 
phrases, with almost catatonic fre-quency, as if repeating something 
enough will make it true—phrases, Mr. Speaker, like ‘‘functional control over the border’’—but I have yet to hear how somebody can reenter five times if you have functional control over the border. 
I have heard we need citizenship for 
11 million undocumented aspiring Americans, as if 11 million of any cat-egory can pass a background check. 
I have heard arguments against em-
powering State and local law enforce-ment to assist in the enforcement of our immigration laws, Mr. Speaker. 
Now, stop and think. We trust them 
to do murder cases, sex assault cases, kidnapping cases, narcotics traf-ficking. You even trust them to pro-vide security, Mr. Speaker, at their own functions back in the district. But when it comes to immigration law, oh, no. No, sir. We don’t trust you to en-force immigration law. Everything else, including our own security both here in Washington and back in the district, but God forbid we trust State and local cops to help us with immigra-tion law. 
The President says we need immigra-
tion reform so folks will, to use his words, Mr. Speaker, come forward, get on the books, get right with the law. 
I want you to ask yourself, what in 
Mr. Lopez-Sanchez’ background makes you think he would ever come forward? And why in the hell does he need to be on the books? He is in the Bureau of Prisons. You don’t need him on the books. He is in the Bureau of Prisons. And you had him, and you let him go. 
b1530 
Which brings me to my favorite 
phrase, Mr. Speaker, ‘‘sanctuary cit-ies.’’ It has almost a Utopian sound to it, doesn’t it? 
Well, as the Speaker knows, the defi-
nition of a ‘‘sanctuary’’ is a place of refuge or safety. And my question for folks in San Francisco and my col-leagues who support this policy is: A refuge for whom? A sanctuary for whom? A refuge for Kate Steinle? A sanctuary for Kate Steinle? A refuge for a convicted felon with a 25-year- long criminal history? 
So the phrase sounds benign, but it 
was no sanctuary for her. It may have been for him, but it sure as hell wasn’t for her. 
Mr. Speaker, my message to San 
Francisco would be simple: You won’t honor our detainers, we won’t honor your warrants. If detainers are too much trouble for you to handle, per-haps Federal money will be too much trouble for you to handle, too. If you can’t honor our detainers, you are not going to get any more money. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
express my concerns about the Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act. I am completely appalled by the tragic and senseless death of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.063 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5448 July 23, 2015 
Kathryn Steinle and those responsible should 
be held fully accountable. Dangerous crimi-nals, including those who are in the United States illegally, should not ever be released into the community. 
However, H.R. 3009 does not address this 
problem. In fact, if H.R. 3009 becomes law it will only make it more difficult for law enforce-ment agencies to prevent future tragedies like this one. The system failed to catch this felon, not because of our nation’s immigration policy, but because there was a breakdown in com-munication between agencies. The suspect, who has confessed to the shooting, has seven prior felony convictions, and has been de-ported five times, was apprehended by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and turned over to the custody of the San Francisco Sheriff’s Department at its request on an outstanding drug warrant. ICE issued a detainer, requesting to be notified before the suspect’s release. Unfortunately, the suspect was released back onto the streets after the prosecutor declined to pursue the drug charges. 
This individual should never have been re-
leased from the custody of law enforcement, and the events that followed reflect a systemic failure on the part of local law enforcement and prosecutors. And while I believe that Con-gress has a moral responsibility to prevent fu-ture tragedies like this from occurring in the fu-ture, this legislation falls far short in address-ing any of the failings in our immigration sys-tem that led to it. If enacted, H.R. 3009 would not have required local law enforcement to certify that the suspect would be prosecuted before taking custody of him. Nor would it have required the Bureau of Prisons or ICE to consult with local law enforcement or prosecu-tors to determine whether justice would be better served by having the suspect deported rather than being transferred to face an un-likely prosecution for a 20-year-old drug pos-session charge. 
H.R. 3009 purports to address this tragedy 
by stripping local law enforcement agencies of necessary federal funding to fulfill its respon-sibilities to the public. More specifically, the legislation would strip funding for state criminal alien assistance programs. Instead of aiding local law enforcement, this bill would cripple the efforts of these agencies to support federal law enforcement. In a naked attempt to score political points, this legislation deliberately ig-nores and neglects the roots of the tragedy. As such, a wide coalition of groups oppose H.R. 3009, including the Major County Sherriff’s Association, the National Fraternal Order of Police, the Law Enforcement Immi-gration Task Force, the National League of Cities, the U.S. Conference of Mayors, AFL– CIO, AFSCME, ACLU, LULAC, and LCCHR. While I remain committed to substantive and constructive reform of our nation’s immigration system, this legislation falls far short of what is necessary. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Committees on the Judici-ary and on Homeland Security, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3009, the so-called ‘‘En-force the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act.’’ 
I oppose this legislation because it under-
mines public safety, fails to address needed immigration reform, promotes a deportation- only approach, and will not achieve the Re-publican leadership’s stated purpose in bring-ing the bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, nothing in H.R. 3009 would 
have prevented the tragic killing of an innocent young woman in San Francisco. 
Instead, this bill is being rushed to the floor 
for the sole purpose of exploiting that tragedy by scapegoating immigrants and undocu-mented persons, holding them responsible for the actions of one person, and avoiding action on comprehensive immigration reform. 
It is undisputable that victims of murder de-
serve justice. 
H.R. 3009 the ‘‘Enforce the Law for Sanc-
tuary Cities Act’’ would push undocumented immigrants further into the shadows and cre-ate and an environment with heightened threats to our safety and ability to seek justice. 
Stripping state and local law enforcement 
agencies of key funding and resources im-pedes their ability to combat crime and protect our communities. 
Surely, House Republicans do not want to 
tie the hands of law enforcement when it comes to preventing and investigating criminal acts. 
Rather than taking positive steps to promote 
better cooperation and communication be-tween Federal, State and local authorities, where appropriate, H.R. 3009 punishes State and local law enforcement agencies that prioritize public safety and community policing over immigration enforcement efforts. 
Nearly every major law enforcement asso-
ciation in the country, from the Major Cities Chiefs Associations, the Major Counties Sher-iffs Association, the Fraternal Order of Police, and the Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force, opposes H.R. 3009 and the host of other similar and related proposals set forth by Republicans. 
H.R. 3009 simply spreads the myth that all 
immigrants are criminals and threats to the public—despite decades of research that dem-onstrate the fact that immigrants are less likely to commit serious crimes than native-born per-sons and are less likely to end up in prison. 
In fact, thousands immigrant populations 
throughout the country have resided within our country for decades as law-abiding, tax-pay-ing, hard-working model persons who con-tribute to our nation’s economy and culture of diversity and inclusiveness. 
Additionally, thousands of immigrant popu-
lations are actually here seeking safety and refuge because they too are victims of horrific abuse, torture and massacre that plagues their native countries. 
Yet, once again we are discussing meas-
ures that simply seek to enhance and promote mass criminalization, racial profiling and dis-crimination, and deportation of immigrants. 
In just this past year, House Republicans 
have voted to: 
1. Deport hundreds of thousands of Dream-
ers who came to the country as children and are American in all but name; 
2. Deport millions of parents of US citizens 
who are playing by the rules, contributing to their communities and working to support their families; and 
3. Deport without due process tens of thou-
sands of unaccompanied children who came to the US fleeing persecution, extreme vio-lence and trafficking. 
Just this past Friday, the U.S. Court of Ap-
peals for the 1st Circuit issued an opinion dis-missing immunity claims by ICE Agents who unlawfully detained an American citizen. 
A U.S. citizen who was born in Guatemala 
and has resided here since the 1980s and was naturalized in 1995, was subjected to 
multiple ICE detainers in violation of her Fourth and Fifth Amendment rights. 
On at least two occasions the plaintiff was 
detained by ICE and questioned about her citi-zenship—despite her repeated claims and as-sertion of her legal status. 
No efforts were made to confirm or inves-
tigate prior to her detention by ICE which al-lowed her to be booked, strip-searched and held in jail for up to 48-hours. 
‘‘Detain first, question later’’ practices and 
policies should not be supported—yet H.R. 3009 penalizes law enforcement for refusing to gather information about one’s citizenship or immigration status where such actions are unwarranted. 
President Obama issued a statement today 
advising that H.R. 3009 will get vetoed if pre-sented to him for signature. 
It cannot be said that immigration reform is 
being taken seriously, when proposals are rushed and fail to go through regular order. 
Serious reform requires bringing to the floor 
for debate a comprehensive immigration bill that reforms our broken immigration system by making it fairer and more humane, and se-cures our Northern, Southern, and maritime borders and our ports. 
The House Homeland Security Committee 
proved this can be done last year when it re-ported out of committee on a unanimous vote, H.R. 1417, the Border Security Results Act of 2014. 
Instead of wasting time on legislation that is 
designed to attract publicity rather than have any realistic chance of becoming law, we should be bringing to the floor for debate leg-islation that will address the real problems and challenges facing the American people. 
Instead of squandering valuable floor time 
on this irresponsible legislation, the House should be allowed to work its will on issues that matter, like raising the minimum wage, protecting the right to vote of all Americans, and passing criminal justice reform that builds trust and respect between law enforcement agencies and the communities they are to pro-tect and serve. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in opposition to H.R. 3009, the so-called ‘‘En-force the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act.’’ 
This misguided legislation is purportedly a 
response to the heartbreaking and tragic shooting of Kathryn Steinle earlier this month. However, the reality is that this legislation cynically uses this isolated incident to scape-goat all undocumented immigrants and under-mine community policing. Specifically, H.R. 3009 would withhold critical funding for State and local law enforcement agencies as well as victims of crimes unless these jurisdictions bear the burden of enforcing Federal immigra-tion statutes. 
If passed, this bill would tie the hands of 
local law enforcement agencies who are work-ing to promote safety and build community trust. Requiring local police to enforce Federal immigration laws often times dissuades un-documented individuals from reporting crimes, offering testimony, and serving as witnesses in court proceedings. For example, the evidence shows that victims of domestic violence will be afraid to report these crimes to police for fear of deportation. A survey conducted by the Na-tional Domestic Violence Hotline in 2013 found that nearly 50-percent of foreign born individ-uals were afraid to seek help because of their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.026 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5449 July 23, 2015 
immigrant status. As Secretary of Homeland 
Security Jeh Johnson testified earlier this month, ‘‘mandating through legislation the con-duct of sheriffs and police chiefs’’ is not the way to go. 
Instead of pushing these failed policies, we 
need to come together and pass bipartisan legislation to address our broken immigration system. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
voice my opposition to HR 3009. First and foremost, my heartfelt sympathies go out to the Steinle family for the loss of their daugh-ter, Kate. There is no question that her death is tragic and unjust. 
However, this bill neither avenges her death 
nor effectively prevents similar tragedies from happening in the future. Absent comprehen-sive immigration reform, we are forcing local police to act as federal immigration officials. That is wrong, wrong, wrong. 
I represent one of the largest agriculture dis-
tricts in CA that is dependent on migrant work-ers who toil the fields to feed our nation. We also have a significant gang violence problem in ‘‘the Salad Bowl of the World’’, yet, I am not aware that any of our local law enforcement officials think this bill is a good idea. 
In some of the harshest neighborhoods, our 
local law enforcement officials have estab-lished satellite facilities and programs for the kids in the neighborhood that provide alter-natives to joining gangs. This type of 21st Century Policing encourages community part-nerships, problem-solving and organizational transformation. 
Mr. Speaker, we have already seen the will-
ingness of the Republicans to shut down the government over immigration issues by failing to fund the Department of Homeland Security for 4 months. While compromising the safety of our communities and the effectiveness of our local police might be good for Donald Trump, it is bad for America. 
I urge a no vote. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, the re-
cent killing of Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco is a tragedy, and my thoughts are with her family during this very difficult time. 
Unfortunately, the Majority has chosen to 
politicize this tragedy by bringing this mis-guided and unacceptable bill to the floor. 
H.R. 3009 would withhold Department of 
Justice grants specifically targeted to enhance public safety, support community policing, and assist crime victims from states and law en-forcement agencies that do not collect infor-mation regarding a person’s immigration sta-tus. 
We can and should ensure that serious 
criminals who are dangerous and enforcement priorities for ICE are not released from the custody of local law enforcement. However, it is misguided and counterproductive to force local law enforcement officers to inquire about a person’s immigration status at any time and for any reason in order to be eligible to re-ceive critical public safety funding. 
It is also wrong and irresponsible that this 
bill misrepresents the immigrant community as one comprised entirely of criminals. In fact, decades of research show that immigrants are less likely to commit serious crimes than na-tive-born persons. 
Earlier this year, many Republicans insisted 
that our Homeland Security Appropriations bill include anti-immigrant riders, and threatened to shut down the Department of Homeland Se-
curity if they did not get their way. Sadly, H.R. 3009 is just more of the same from the Major-ity, who apparently think it is more important to incite hatred of our immigrant population for political purposes than it is to keep our com-munities safe and secure. 
If we truly want to deal with our broken im-
migration system, we must pass comprehen-sive immigration reform that treats immigrants humanely, focuses on deporting those who threaten our safety and national security, and better secures our borders. Unfortunately, the House Majority has no interest in passing such reforms and instead chooses to rob local law enforcement of the money they need to keep our constituents safe from harm. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 370, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I am opposed to it in 
its current form. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
The Clerk will report the motion to 
recommit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Jeffries moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 3009 to the Committee on the Judiciary, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. ll. PROTECTING LOCAL COMMUNITIES 
FROM CUTS TO LAW ENFORCEMENT. 
The Attorney General may not reduce or 
eliminate, under this Act or the amendment made by this Act, any sums provided to a State (or a political subdivision of a State) if the Attorney General determines that such reduction or elimination would result in— 
(1) an increase in the overall crime rate in 
that State or political subdivision, including an increase in domestic violence, sex traf-ficking, or crimes against children; or 
(2) a decrease in the number of trained law 
enforcement officers in that State or polit-ical subdivision, including community po-lice, that are available to protect the public. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
The murder of Kate Steinle in San 
Francisco was a national tragedy that certainly shocked the conscience of America. We must continue to mourn her passing. We must continue to stand behind her family. 
We must continue to make sure that 
her killer is prosecuted to the full ex-tent of the law, but we should not re-
spond with irresponsible public policy. 
Our Founders indicated that the 
House of Representatives is supposed to reflect the passions of the people, but the passions should be properly channeled into an appropriate legisla-tive vehicle. 
On December 14, 2012, 20 children 
were brutally gunned down in Sandy Hook Elementary School. More than 30,000 additional Americans have died as a result of gun violence since that fateful day. Mr. Speaker, 952 days have passed. This House has done nothing. 
On June 27, 2013, the Senate passed a 
bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform bill, 52 Democrats, 14 Repub-licans, 2 Independents. That bill would have secured our borders. That bill would have reduced the deficit by more than $850 billion over 20 years. That bill would have required undocumented immigrants to learn English, pay back taxes, pass a criminal background check, and then get at the back of the line. Mr. Speaker, 757 days have passed. This House has done nothing. 
Instead, we are here today consid-
ering a misguided legislative response to a terrible tragedy. That is why I offer this amendment, which will pre-vent the elimination or reduction of funds to State or local law enforcement organizations if the Attorney General determines that the elimination of funding would result in an overall in-crease in the crime rate, particularly with respect to domestic violence, sex trafficking, and crimes against chil-dren, or if it would result in a decrease in the number of trained law enforce-ment officers on American streets. 
The COPS and Byrne-JAG programs 
are essential to public safety and should not be used as a blunt force weapon to carry out a reckless and ir-responsible antiimmigrant agenda. That is why the National Fraternal Order of Police, the Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force, and the Major County Sheriffs’ Association of America all oppose the underlying leg-islation. 
In a letter dated July 15, the Na-
tional Fraternal Order of Police ex-pressed their ‘‘strong opposition to any amendment or piece of legislation that would penalize law enforcement agen-cies by withholding Federal funding or resources from law enforcement assist-ance programs in an effort to coerce a policy change in so-called sanctuary cities.’’ 
In offering this amendment, I stand 
with law enforcement. In offering this amendment, I stand with the Statue of Liberty that sits in New York Harbor with the inscription ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ 
In offering this amendment, I stand 
with the United States Constitution and the 10th Amendment limitation on the Federal Government’s ability to commandeer State or local police au-thorities into the service of Federal areas of enforcement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.036 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5450 July 23, 2015 
In offering this amendment, I stand 
with the Scripture in Matthew 25:35, where it says: I was hungry, and you gave me food. I was thirsty, and you gave me drink. I was a stranger, and you welcomed me. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation is withdrawn. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge my colleagues to oppose this mo-tion to recommit. It would give the dis-cretion to the Attorney General of the United States and the ability to deter-mine whether or not such reductions provided in this legislation would take place. 
This is the same Attorney General of 
the United States who is new to the po-sition, but has already indicated her unwillingness to enforce title VIII, sec-tion 1373, of the United States Code re-lated to the requirement that cities and all other government agencies communicate with the Immigration and Naturalization Service. 
The Enforce the Law for Sanctuary 
Cities Act helps to address one of the main factors contributing to the col-lapse of immigration enforcement in the United States. 
Hundreds of sanctuary cities are vio-
lating Federal law by prohibiting their law enforcement officers from sharing information with Federal immigration authorities to enable the removal of unlawful and criminal aliens. 
This bill will finally establish pen-
alties to persuade these jurisdictions to comply with longstanding Federal law. 
Sanctuary cities present a clear and 
present danger to their citizens. In the first 8 months of 2014, they released 8,145 aliens who the Department of Homeland Security wanted to deport. 
Very quickly, almost a quarter of 
these aliens were arrested again for new criminal offenses. Most recently, San Francisco’s refusal to honor a DHS detainer resulted in the tragic death of Kate Steinle. 
This is not an isolated incident. This 
is something that will continue again and again and again unless these cities start cooperating with law enforce-ment. 
And, yes, there are many other 
things that need to be done to protect American citizens from unlawful crimi-nal aliens besides this bill. Those should be brought to the floor as well. 
But this bill represents an important 
first step in making rogue jurisdictions comply with Federal law and safeguard their communities. We will take fur-ther steps in the months ahead to en-sure enforcement of immigration laws, but we have to start today. Federal grants—and there are three 
categories of grants covered by this legislation—are not entitlements to the States. They are gratuities that Congress has chosen to give to the States. 
The Supreme Court has held that 
Congress can place restrictions or con-ditions on the receipt of Federal funds to further policies that are aimed at protecting the general welfare. 
I support these law enforcement 
grants, but the solution to potential loss of these funds is simple: eliminate the policies that violate Federal law, eliminate the policies that prohibit in-formation sharing with the Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement agency, and they will receive this funding. They will also receive safer commu-nities, communities that are sanc-tuaries for law-abiding citizens, not sanctuaries for criminals. 
This legislation must be passed to 
protect American citizens and do right by them and do it in honor of people like Kate Steinle, who gave her life be-cause of these bad policies. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
motion to recommit, support this legis-lation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 181, nays 239, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 465] 
YEAS—181 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell 
Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.068 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5451 July 23, 2015 
Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bishop (UT) Brady (PA) Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Collins (NY) Denham 
Hinojosa Israel Kaptur Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Schakowsky Speier Stewart 
b1607 
Messrs. CONAWAY, FINCHER, STIV-
ERS, and JOHNSON of Ohio changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. GABBARD and Mr. SHERMAN 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 241, noes 179, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 466] 
AYES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones 
Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy 
Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bishop (UT) 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Calvert Carter (TX) 
Clawson (FL) Conyers Hinojosa Israel Kaptur 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Speier Stewart 
b1619 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 466, 
I was unable to vote due to a malfunction of my voting card. Had I been able to vote, I would have voted yes on rollcall 466. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia). The unfinished 
business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), my friend, the majority 
leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House 
will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. 
On Tuesday and Wednesday, the 
House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. 
On Thursday, the House will meet at 
9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. 
On Friday, no votes are expected in 
the House. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business tomorrow. 
In addition, the House will consider 
H.R. 427, the Regulations from the Ex-ecutive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015, sponsored by Representative T
ODD 
YOUNG . 
Last year Federal regulations bur-
dened job creators with trillions of dol-lars in costs. This bill, commonly re-ferred to as the REINS Act, will ensure that Congress has a say in whether 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.038 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5452 July 23, 2015 
major rules should be imposed on the 
American people. 
The House will also consider H.R. 
1994, the VA Accountability Act, spon-sored by Chairman J
EFFMILLER . 
Getting the best possible service to 
our Nation’s veterans starts with hav-ing the best possible personnel in charge VA programs. 
This critical bill will give the admin-
istration additional tools to turn things around at the VA and ensure veterans have the kind of care they de-serve. 
I thank the gentleman. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for his information with reference to the two bills that will be considered next week. 
We are coming now to the end of the 
scheduled work period, and we will be going into the August break. We just passed a bill, Mr. Leader, which dealt with a tragedy—or purportedly dealt with a tragedy—that occurred in San Francisco. 
Every Member of this House believes, 
I think, that a mistake was made by the sheriff in San Francisco in releas-ing this individual who had been con-victed of numerous felonies. 
We also believe, if we had passed a 
comprehensive immigration reform bill similar to the one the Senate passed in the last Congress, that this problem itself would not be solved—because we believe that the sheriff should not have released this individual irrespective of the status of immigration reform—but we believe this would go a long way to-wards enhancing the ability of both law enforcement and of communities to deal with the immigration issue as well as giving confidence to people of their status. 
Does the gentleman believe that 
there is any possibility of a comprehen-sive immigration bill being considered in the next work period? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank my friend 
for yielding. 
What happened in San Francisco was 
not just a mistake. This individual had seven felonies. It is not miscommunication. Kate lost her life and should not had to have. 
Sanctuary cities are made up of indi-
viduals who believe they can make their own law and disregard the law of the Federal Government. 
I think today’s bill was a good first 
start. I do look forward to continuing the conversations on both sides of the aisle on immigration reform, but I have nothing scheduled at this time. 
Mr. HOYER. Just to make it clear, 
the mistake was the sheriff’s. He should not have done what he did. It was a tragedy. We all agree on that. 
Very frankly, we don’t think that he 
was compelled to do so by the sanc-tuary law that San Francisco had in ef-fect. 
I will tell the majority leader that we 
had a difference of opinion in a pre-vious bill, the Violence Against Women Act, where you did not include protec-tion for immigrants when they came 
forward to law enforcement authorities and complained of domestic violence. 
We had a disagreement on that, and 
the disagreement was that we thought they ought to be protected, which is why so many law enforcement officials opposed the bill that was brought for-ward. 
I will tell you again, Mr. Leader, that 
we do not believe that the statute that was in San Francisco compelled or led to the actions of the sheriff in releas-ing a felon who had committed the nu-merous felonies and should not have been released. It was a tragedy. 
Let me go on, Mr. Leader, to the ap-
propriations process. 
There are no appropriation bills list-
ed on your schedule for next week. We have after next week some, I think, 16 legislative days left between now and the end of the fiscal year. 
Again, for the next period that we 
are going to be back and in light of the fact that we know what it is going to be at least—and I will have some ques-tions on some things that may be on, but we know what is scheduled for next week—does the gentleman believe that our Members ought to anticipate the further consideration of appropriation bills prior to the end of the fiscal year? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
As I mentioned last week, yes, it is 
our intention to get back to the appro-priation process as soon as possible. 
As the gentleman knows, we are half-
way done. We should finish our job, but I will make sure to keep the Members updated on the appropriation bills as they are scheduled and continue to be considered. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the majority 
leader. I am pleased to hear that. 
I know the Speaker observed—and I 
think he is probably right—that there will have to be a CR. In light of that, I would hope that the majority leader, in league with the chairman of the Ap-propriations Committee, perhaps with the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, and with the Speaker, would initiate the conversations now in preparation so that we would not have a crisis on September 30, but would, in a logical and, hopefully, a co-operative way, have gotten to what ac-tion would be taken with respect to a CR. I would urge my friend to pursue those discussions. 
I would be glad to participate with 
him in those discussions with others on our side who will be involved in that process—our ranking member on the Appropriations Committee, our rank-ing member on the Ways and Means Committee, and our ranking member on the Budget Committee. 
I yield to my friend if he wants to 
make a comment. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. No. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. The gentleman and I have had discus-
sions about highways. We know that next week the highway authorization ends. We are planning on leaving here, 
if the schedule is kept, on Thursday of next week. 
Will the gentleman tell me what he 
believes is the status of the highway bill? 
I know the Senate is discussing a 
longer term highway bill. Neither the majority leader nor I are very enthusi-astic about that bill as I have learned in my discussions with you. 
Will you tell me what your plans are 
with respect to the highway bill so that we don’t leave here without some sort of authorization having been passed? 
I yield to my friend. 
b1630 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Well, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding. I thank him for his discussions with me regarding high-ways. Just last week, we passed a bi-partisan bill that would ensure critical infrastructure projects continue throughout the year. 
I know the Senate has their debate. 
Our bill goes to the end of the year with a long-term solution. The Senate currently is debating a bill that is not funded long term. I think the best bit of advice is to urge the Senate to ac-cept our bill. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Lastly, as the gentleman knows, I 
have been very much involved with the authorization of the Export-Import Bank through the years. As the gen-tleman knows, Mr. Cantor and I worked together and came up with a bipartisan proposal in 2012 that passed this House overwhelmingly with ap-proximately 140 Republicans and about 185 or more Democrats, so it passed overwhelmingly. 
Can the gentleman tell me whether 
or not there is any possibility of assur-ing that the majority of this House can work its will and the majority of the Senate—and I say that because M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL , the leader of the Senate, 
is quoted as saying the supporters of the Federal Export-Import Bank have the Senate votes to revive it and will get a chance to do so. 
Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL  
said, It looks to me like they have the votes—and I am requesting to give them the opportunity. M
CCONNELL , 
who opposes the Bank, said he expects supporters to try to attach the reau-thorization to a highway bill. 
Assuming that we get a bill from the 
Senate with the Export-Import Bank attached to it, does the majority leader believe that we will have the oppor-tunity—and I think the majority of the Members of the House would vote in favor of it—will have the opportunity to vote on the Export-Import Bank be-fore we leave here on Thursday? 
I yield to my friend Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I thank my friend for his weekly 
questions. I think you may have asked these questions actually more times than we repealed ObamaCare, but my answer remains the same. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.073 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5453 July 23, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. I could not possibly 
stand on this floor long enough to do that. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. My answer still re-
mains the same to the gentleman. There is no action scheduled in the House on Ex-Im. 
Mr. HOYER. I keep asking that ques-
tion, and I keep getting the wrong an-swer. I will be faithful to asking that question. 
I say that with humor, but the gen-
tleman knows that I believe this is an extraordinarily serious issue. The gen-tleman knows I agree with the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr. B
OEHNER , that we are losing jobs right 
now as a result of our failure to extend the authorization of the Export-Import Bank past June 30. 
The gentleman knows I believe that 
165,000 jobs are at risk. The Indian di-rector of their export-import bank is quoted as saying in the paper, just the other day, that he believes they are going to pick up jobs and orders be-cause of the failure of the Export-Im-port Bank to be reauthorized. 
I think this is not something that is 
not real. It is a loss of jobs and a loss of competitive status for our country if we do not reauthorize this and do so as quickly as possible. 
I will keep asking the question be-
cause I feel it is so very important to our country and to our competitive-ness, but I appreciate the gentleman’s faithfulness in his answer. I am hopeful that it will change. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. We will keep repeal-
ing ObamaCare. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I didn’t no-
tice that ObamaCare had been re-pealed. I simply noticed the Supreme Court said it was a constitutional piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, 
JULY 23, 2015, TO MONDAY, JULY 27, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, July 27, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, it is 
painful to hear the words in the re-cently released video showing Planned Parenthood trafficking in body parts. 
At one point, the doctor talks about 
a customer wanting ‘‘lower extrem-ities,’’ that is legs in everyday lan-guage. ‘‘I don’t know what they are going to 
do with it. Maybe they want muscle,’’ she says. 
These are legs that will never run to 
a mom or a dad, never run to a brother or a sister, never run to a spouse, never run to protect another child. 
It has been 42 years since the Su-
preme Court did what Justice White called an exercise of raw judicial power. Since then, we have seen more than 55 million abortions in this coun-try; yet we are still shocked by what these videos show. 
This is a teaching moment, Mr. 
Speaker. There is a lot of pain implicit in these videos, pain for kids, pain for moms, pain for dads and families. Per-haps these videos can become the mo-ment where our Nation can begin to heal that pain. 
Stopping taxpayer dollars flowing to 
organizations responsible for this hor-ror is a good place to start that heal-ing. 
f 
FALLEN HAYWARD POLICE DE-
PARTMENT SERGEANT SCOTT LUNGER 
(Mr. SWALWELL of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to ask that this House honor Sergeant Scott Lunger, 48 years old, who was murdered tragically yesterday as a Hayward police officer while on routine patrol. 
His murder is a reminder that the 
work we call our police officers to do puts them and their lives in jeopardy every day, every stop, not knowing if it is going to be their last or if they are going to return home to see their fami-lies. 
Sergeant Lunger leaves behind a 
wife, two daughters, a brother, family, and friends; but he died doing what he loved, his second career working as a police officer. 
For 15 years, he did so to help people 
in the community. He served on the SWAT team and on the gang unit. He was described by his police chief as a warrior cop, an ethical police officer. He was described by others as that ideal officer, that go-to guy. A lieuten-ant said: He is the best cop and crimefighter I have ever seen. 
The East Bay and Hayward commu-
nity mourns the loss of Sergeant Scott Lunger. Long live the memory of Ser-geant Scott Lunger. May God watch over his soul, our community, and his family. 
f 
HONORING DANIELLE GREEN 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize former Notre Dame basketball player and Army veteran, Danielle Green, who was recognized at last week’s ESPYs ceremony with the 
Pat Tillman award. 
The award is named after former 
NFL player Pat Tillman, who joined the Army Rangers following 9/11, served several tours in combat before he died in a friendly fire incident in Af-ghanistan in 2004. It recognizes an indi-vidual with a strong connection to sports who has served others in a way that echoes Pat’s legacy. 
Danielle Green could not be more de-
serving of this prestigious honor. While bravely serving her country in Iraq, she lost part of her left arm from a rocket-propelled grenade attack. Upon her return, Green earned the Purple Heart for injuries suffered in combat. She now works with returning veterans as a readjustment counselor in South Bend, Indiana. 
Danielle’s sacrifice to protect our 
freedom and her contributions to Indi-ana veterans deserves recognition. She is an inspiration to Hoosiers every-where. 
Today, I thank Danielle Green and 
all of our servicemen and -women for the sacrifices they make in the name of freedom. 
f 
THE EQUALITY ACT 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, today, 
my colleague Congressman D
AVID 
CICILLINE , an unparalleled champion 
for LGBT rights, introduced the Equal-ity Act. I rise today as a proud cospon-sor in support of this bill. 
Recent gains, from public opinion to 
the Supreme Court, have undoubtedly accelerated our ongoing civil rights march, but real justice will be served in this country when the LGBT com-munity is guaranteed—not just legal equality, but lived equality. 
The ability to experience everyday 
life without fear of discrimination is something most of us take for granted. Walking into a gas station without worrying about being denied service be-cause of your gender identity, heading into a movie theater without fear of being turned away because of the hand you held when you walked in, that threat of judgment, rejection, and prej-udice is injustice in its purest form. 
Today, through the Equality Act, we 
can help root out the dangerous intol-erance that continues to define too many American lives. I urge all of my colleagues to join this fight, cosponsor this bill, and get it signed into law. 
f 
SECRET SIDE DEALS WITH IRAN 
CONCERNING INSPECTION OF THEIR NUKES 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it 
seems the Iranians are not the only ones we can’t trust. Apparently, there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.075 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5454 July 23, 2015 
are some secret side deals with Iran 
concerning inspections of their nukes. The administration conveniently with-held this from Congress. 
Susan Rice said: 
These documents are not public, but none-
theless, we have been briefed on those docu-ments. We know their contents. We are satis-fied with them, and we will share the con-tents of those briefings in full in a classified session with the Congress, so there is noth-ing in that regard that we know that they won’t know. 
Let me get this straight. We are sup-
posed to trust the person who lied to the American people on national tele-vision about Benghazi? 
Mr. Speaker, what else are they hid-
ing? Maybe the details of the side deal are stored on a server somewhere. We know we can’t trust the Iranians to fol-low the deal. 
Now, we can’t trust the administra-
tion to let us know what is in the deal. Let’s hope these secret side deals are not as hard to get a hold of as the former Secretary of State’s emails. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
INDIAN INDEPENDENCE DAY 
(Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize In-dian Independence Day and the 11th Annual New Jersey India Day Parade, organized by the Indian Business Asso-ciation. 
On August 15, 1947, India won its free-
dom from the British Empire, raising the Indian national flag at the Red Fort in Delhi. 
On August 9 of this year, New Jer-
sey’s vibrant Indian American commu-nity will celebrate that milestone with one of the largest events in the world, drawing more than 35,000 attendees. 
Oak Tree Road, between Edison and 
Iselin, will be filled with dozens of floats, marching bands, musicians, and dignitaries, concluding with a cultural program that will offer everyone present the opportunity to see the beautiful traditions of India in addition to modern culture. 
New Jersey is home to one of the 
largest Asian Indian populations in the United States, behind California and New York in number, but second to none as a percent of our overall popu-lation. They are a thriving group that contributes to our State’s economic growth and strength in diversity. 
I wish everyone well as they prepare 
for the August festivities and send early Indian Independence Day greet-ings to all those celebrating in my dis-trict. 
f 
HONORING FLORIDA INTER-
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY STU-DENT CRISTINA GOMEZ 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to talk about Cristina Gomez and thank her for her kind, gen-erous, and caring spirit. 
It has been a little over a year since 
this promising young woman from South Florida suffered a serious trau-matic brain injury after she fell while jogging. Before her tragic accident, Cristina was a senior at my alma mater, Florida International Univer-sity. She was studying to be a teacher and donated much of her free time to help others. 
Cristina’s family has established the 
Cristina Gomez Traumatic Brain In-jury Foundation to help other families in similar circumstances and to carry on Cristina’s legacy as she recovers. 
Christina, the thoughts and prayers 
of our community are with you and your family. Get well soon. Florida International University misses you and wants you back. 
f 
b1645 
JORDAN MICHAEL FILLER 
FOUNDATION 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commend the efforts of the Jordan Michael Filler Foundation in their fight against an unseen killer: addic-tion. 
One person dies every 3 days in the 
Chicago suburbs because of a heroin overdose. Jordan Filler was 23 when his addiction to heroin tragically took his life. His family started the Jordan Mi-chael Filler Foundation in his honor to help others combat addiction. The foundation works tirelessly to provide vital education to children and their families on addiction. 
Mr. Speaker, heroin is an epidemic in 
our community, and unfortunately, there is no silver bullet to end drug abuse. As the co-chair of the Illinois Suburban Anti-Heroin Task Force, I am committed to working with local organizations like the Jordan Michael Filler Foundation to prevent drug overdose. There are no easy solutions to the drug abuse epidemic, but I am committed to putting in the hard work required to make progress alongside our many community partners. 
I offer my sincerest thanks to the 
Jordan Michael Filler Foundation and other community organizations for their lifesaving work. 
f 
HONORING MIKE ZAHN 
(Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mike Zahn, a friend, public servant, and leader in the Springfield, Illinois, com-munity. For several years, Mike has been in-
volved in the International Union of Operating Engineers Local 965 in Springfield. His father was an oper-ating engineer and served as the branch’s business manager. 
Following in his father’s footsteps, 
Mike first joined in 1974 and spent nearly 30 years with Local 965, eventu-ally becoming the business manager for the branch himself. 
In addition to his time with Local 
965, Mike also immersed himself in public service. He served as the chair-man of the Illinois State Council and was a member of the Greater Spring-field Chamber of Commerce Diversity Development Council. Mike has been a strong voice for improving our infra-structure, as a frequent visitor to this great city. 
After over four decades with Local 
965, Mike announced he is going to re-tire as an operating engineer. He and his wife, Jacki, have two children, Steve and Jessica. 
I am proud to honor my friend Mike 
Zahn for his work on behalf of the peo-ple of Springfield, Illinois, and this great country. I wish him the best in his retirement. 
f 
RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the topic of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to start by looking at headlines. All you have got to do is just read the headlines that are blaring at us, coming at us in print, over our Internet, and others. They say things like: ‘‘Five children among 94 crucified, flogged, and caged by ISIS for eating during Ramadan’’; ‘‘Hundreds Killed in Nigeria Anti-Christian Violence’’; ‘‘ISIS Plants Land Mines in Christian Civilian Homes, Ancient Ruins Across Iraq, Syria.’’ 
If we have the stomach for it that 
particular day, we may read the article that follows. We might say a prayer or silently wonder at the brazen face of evil. But ultimately, we go on with our lives. We do not fear for our personal safety or that of our families because of systemic religious violence. 
Yet millions of our brothers and sis-
ters around the world do not have the luxury of walking away from real reli-gious persecution. They don’t read the news stories; they live them day in and day out. They have watched family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.077 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5455 July 23, 2015 
members die. They have had friends 
simply vanish into thin air, never to be heard from again. Their homes and businesses are seized by the govern-ment. Even as they place their hope in eternity, they fear for their future here on Earth. 
Today, my colleagues and I come to 
the House floor to tell our stories. We come because this body and this ad-ministration have a responsibility to use our position to promote religious liberty around the world. Millions of lives are literally depending on Amer-ica’s willingness to export our most precious commodity, religious freedom, and it is time to step up our efforts. 
As a pastor and currently a chaplain 
in the United States Air Force Reserve, defending religious liberty at home and abroad is near and dear to my heart. I have had the honor of serving folks of many faiths, as well as those with no faith, and I am convinced that the foundational importance of religious liberty is not just in America, but in every country. 
No nation is truly free unless its citi-
zens can practice their religious beliefs without fear of losing their life or live-lihood because of state-sponsored oppo-sition or unchecked persecution by their neighbors. Yet even in democra-tized societies, we are witnessing a sharp increase in violent religious per-secution worldwide. 
If America is to be a shining city 
upon a hill in the 21st century, we must redouble our commitment to fighting for those around the world who do not enjoy the basic right to worship as they choose. 
I am grateful that my colleagues who 
share my passion for religious liberties have joined me for this Special Order, and I am especially grateful to my friend from California, Representative V
ARGAS . We have gotten to know each 
other and travel, but on this issue, party lines are diminished, party lines are laid aside. When we think about our own freedoms and religious liberty, he is a champion for that. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. V
ARGAS ) as we continue to 
discuss this issue. 
Mr. VARGAS. I thank the gentleman 
from Georgia, Representative D OUG 
COLLINS , for his opening remarks and 
especially for his courage to speak out for religious freedom around the world and also for his courage serving our Nation in uniform. 
At this moment, religious freedom 
around the world is in a state of emer-gency. The recently released Inter-national Religious Freedom annual re-port describes ‘‘humanitarian crisis fueled by waves of terror, intimidation, violence,’’ and ‘‘the horrific loss of human life, freedom, and dignity that has accompanied the chaos.’’ 
From the brutality of ISIL in Iraq 
and Syria to Boko Haram’s mass mur-ders at mosques and churches and the displacement of over 140,000 Rohingya Muslims and 100,000 Kachin Christians in Burma, the past year has seen un-speakable violations of the basic right 
to practice one’s religion. Additionally, blasphemy laws, the vast displacement of religious minorities, and the per-sistent attacks on religious commu-nities and places of worship should all be a cause for concern. 
Today, I would like to highlight the 
plight of religious minorities in ISIL- held territories a year after the fall of Mosul. 
The Nineveh plains have been inhab-
ited by Christians for the past 2,000 years and was first settled in 6000 BCE. In the Bible, the Prophet Jonah was or-dered by God to ‘‘Arise, go unto Nineveh, that great city, and preach unto it the preaching that I bid thee.’’ 
Based in modern-day Mosul, with the 
Tigris River to the east, the Nineveh plains is rich in cultural history and religious diversity. Before the fall of Saddam Hussein, the number of Chris-tians in Iraq had been estimated to be between 800,000 and 1.4 million. This in-cluded Armenian Catholics, Chaldean Christians, Assyrian Church of the East members, and Protestants. In 2013, the Christian population was esti-mated at 500,000 and shrinking signifi-cantly. 
Last year, the world watched in hor-
ror as a transnational Sunni insur-gency initiated a political and reli-gious insurrection in the name of es-tablishing a caliphate across Iraq and Syria. 
After ISIL established its control 
over northwestern Iraq, these Islamist insurgents warned religious minorities living under its jurisdiction to either convert to Islam, pay a cumbersome re-ligious tax, or be executed. These reli-gious minorities included Christians, Yazidis, Turkmen, and Shabak, all of which have a long and rich history in the region and have historically coex-isted peacefully with Muslims. 
Since ISIL’s declaration, thousands 
of families have packed their belong-ings and fled to neighboring commu-nities in Kurdistan, Syria, Lebanon, and Jordan. Many thousands have been murdered or abducted, and an unknown number of women and girls have been sexually assaulted and forced into mar-riage. 
We all witnessed in August 2014 thou-
sands of Yazidis fleeing to Mount Sinjar to escape the brutality and per-secution as ISIL advanced in the sur-rounding areas. I would like to read the testimony of a Yazidi recounting that horrible time: 
Hours later, ISIS forces attacked the 
Yazidis in Sinjar. The Yazidis in towns and villages of the south side of Mount Sinjar had some light weapons, such as AK–47 rifles, with a small amount of ammunition. They fought against ISIS forces for 4 or 5 hours. While this minimal defense was proceeding, many Yazidis fled to Mount Sinjar. 
Finally, the defenders ran out of bullets 
and our positions were overrun. The lucky few Yazidis who made it to Mount Sinjar stayed for several days without any food or water. Hundreds then died from starvation and dehydration, especially infants, young children, sick people, and elders. On August 6, while ISIS forces flushed 
other Yazidi and Chaldo-Assyrians from their Nineveh plain homes, ISIS also ad-vanced toward Mount Sinjar. Then the Yazidis had no choice but to flee by foot, a journey that took days. 
On Friday, August 15, more than 210 Yazidi 
families in Kocho village, which is just south of Sinjar City, received an ISIS order to con-vert to Islam or be killed. In that village, the ISIS militia beheaded more than 70 young men, killed hundreds, and took all women, girls, and children to Badush Prison near Mosul. The women and children were sold as sex slaves by ISIS commanders. 
While American leadership assisted 
in providing humanitarian relief as events unraveled, little was done to al-leviate ISIL’s reign of terror. Since then, over 2 million people have been displaced, and thousands continue to 
face crimes against humanity. These include torture, enslavement, rape, forced prostitution, imprisonment, and extermination. 
Additionally, as a means to eradicate 
the history and heritage of these dif-ferent groups, ISIS has led a campaign to destroy cultural and religious prop-erties. Assyrians and other Christians have seen the destruction of the statue of the Virgin Mary at the Immaculate Church and the tomb of the Prophet Jonah, and numerous churches have been destroyed, looted, and burned down. 
In closing, I would like to echo the 
words of Pope Francis, who eloquently stated: ‘‘Our brothers are being per-secuted, chased away, they are forced to leave their homes without being able to take anything with them. I as-sure these families that I am close to them and in constant prayer. . . I know how much you are suffering. I know you are being stripped of every-thing.’’ 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I think 
what you have stated shows what we are dealing with here. What we are finding is the intolerance, something that is just so atypical of what we find here in America. 
I think the reason we are here today 
and actually talking about this is to again raise that level and to under-stand that this is not something in the past, not something beyond. It is some-thing that is going on right now. 
It is not easy to hear about, but you 
had spoken of it as well, the ISIL vic-tims who reject forced conversion. As we think about that in our religious freedom context, just because they say, ‘‘I am not going to convert to your faith,’’ Mr. Speaker, is what they are saying, they are crucified, beheaded, tortured, raped, and countless other atrocities, sold into slavery, simply be-cause they stand on their own faith and won’t be forced into the faith of an-other. 
ISIL, frankly, is just evil. They hide 
behind the cloak of religiousness. The problem is evil is just evil. You call evil what it is. Religious freedom has to be protected, and we have to be pur-veyors of that. 
When we look around, just in the 
Iraq community alone, just a few years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.079 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5456 July 23, 2015 
ago, there were 1.5 million Christians 
in Iraq. Now, the best estimates are 200,000, at best estimate. And it just continues to drive. This is something that we are going to have to continue, I believe, to watch. 
There is a dear friend of mine here 
tonight who is a fighter for not only re-ligious liberties, but I have fought with him for the lives and the birthdays of newborns everywhere. He is a fighter for religious liberties. The gentleman from Arizona speaks with authority on these issues because he has been there and he has been fighting on the front lines for a while. 
It is my privilege to yield to the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) to 
continue this discussion on the need for religious liberties. 
b1700 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the gentleman. It is a privi-lege for me to be here on the floor of the House of Representatives tonight with Congressman C
OLLINS and Con-
gressman V ARGAS . 
I consider them both precious friends 
and colaborers in this vital struggle for religious freedom, which is the corner-stone of all other freedoms; and with-out which, there can be really no other kind of freedom to exist for any length of time. 
Mr. Speaker, there is nothing that I 
fear more for my colleagues and my fellow Americans than the danger of growing numb to the evil that incites these horrific atrocities being com-mitted against people around the world today based on their faith. 
I submit that we are, in these days, 
witnesses to some of the most glaring and brutal attacks on this universal right of religious freedom in all of our history. 
The Islamic State, that metasta-
sizing cancer spreading throughout the Middle East and north Africa, is espe-cially targeting Christians, Yazidis, and other ancient religious minorities and communities for extinction. 
The world has watched this insidious 
campaign of terror unfold day by day for over a year. More than 407 days now have passed since the ancient city of Mosul fell into the hands of the Islamic State. 
Their campaign of terror drove hun-
dreds of thousands of Christian men, women, and children out of the land of their spiritual heritage, which dates back for nearly 2,000 years. 
Nearly 1 year has passed since the Is-
lamic State’s attack on the Yazidi community. Thousands were slaugh-tered, Mr. Speaker. At least 5,000 women and young girls were taken cap-tive as sex slaves. Nearly 1,000 boys be-tween the ages of 4 and 10 were cap-tured and forced into ISIS training camps. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no room for 
Christians, Yazidis, or other dissidents in the Islamic State’s self-proclaimed caliphate. Innocent men, women, and children are forced to choose between their deeply held religious beliefs and 
their lives. 
They are subject to torture, mass 
executions, beheadings, and crucifix-ions. They are drowned and burned alive in cages. They are raped, abused, and sold as commodities in a modern day slave market. 
They are tied to chairs and thrown 
off high-rise buildings. They are dese-crated, violated, humiliated, and stripped of their dignity. Their ancient places of worship and sacred sites are destroyed. 
Mr. Speaker, how many more un-
imaginable atrocities must occur be-fore this administration takes off its heartless blinders and finds the cour-age and determination to decisively ad-dress this evil slaughter of innocents based on their religious beliefs? 
German Lutheran pastor and anti- 
Nazi dissident Dietrich Bonhoeffer said: ‘‘Silence in the face of evil is evil itself. God will not hold us guiltless. Not to speak is to speak, and not to act is to act.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the Obama administra-
tion can no longer remain conspicu-ously silent on the plight of religious minorities caught in the wake of the Islamic State. It is vital that America and the world make the necessary re-sponses to stop this campaign of terror and preserve these ancient religious communities from extinction. 
In the middle of this scourge, the ad-
ministration has allowed the Special Envoy to promote religious freedom of religious minorities in the Near East and South Central Asia position to re-main vacant now for nearly a year. Very little effort has been made to equip regional security forces to pro-tect these communities from ISIS’ ad-vance. 
This administration’s response is 
shameful and an astonishing failure, and it only affirms the Islamic State’s barbaric strategy and encourages what they proudly boast to be a ‘‘battle be-tween faith and blasphemy, truth, and falsehood.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I would just adjure the 
President of the United States not to continue to stand by and let this evil relentlessly proceed. 
The assault on religious freedom we 
are witness to in the Middle East is just one of the many attacks against this most sacred and basic right of reli-gious freedom. There are thousands of innocent people around the world who are antagonized, oppressed, tortured, and killed because of their belief or dis-belief in a particular religion or ide-ology. 
I know these are challenging sub-
jects, Mr. Speaker, but God help us to remain committed to echoing the voices of these innocents in the halls of Congress. 
May we all be relentlessly committed 
to pursue that day when the light of hope will fall across all of the lonely faces of God’s children all over this world and that this ‘‘most inalienable and sacred right of true religious free-dom will be the possession of every last 
human being, and the destiny of future generations will be to walk in the sun-light of liberty for as long as mankind inhibits the Earth.’’ 
May it be so. I thank the gentleman. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I thank you 
again, Congressman F
RANKS , for your 
friendship. Thank you for your out-spokenness on this issue for many years, and I think we continue to bring this forward as we go forward. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the things I want 
to overlook before I turn it over to an-other colleague is the area of Paki-stan—and this is something that is many times overlooked when we start, but in Pakistan, blasphemy laws carry a potential death sentence. 
Now, think about this for just a sec-
ond—and, again, in our area, we get numb to the fact because of what we have—but blasphemy laws there carry a potential death sentence for anyone who insults Islam or professes another faith. 
In November 2014, two Pakistani par-
ents were burned alive because of their Christian faith. These individuals were accused of burning a Koran and subse-quently killed by a mob of their coun-trymen. 
A Pakistani court also convicted a 
Christian woman, mother of five, Asia Bibi, of blasphemy and sentenced her to death. Yesterday, after much prayer and concern from the Christian com-munity, Reuters News reported that the Pakistani Supreme Court tempo-rarily suspended her death sentence. 
While the suspension is welcome 
news, the international community de-sires that Ms. Bibi is released from prison because of the trumped-up charges. 
These are just two examples of perse-
cution in a nation in which all minori-ties must grapple with the devastating impact of the notorious blasphemy law, as well as the danger posed by Islamic militant organizations that enjoy a strong foothold in the region. 
We must, as Congress and the admin-
istration, implore, put pressure—what-ever we need to do—to say to Pakistan: This is something that has got to be re-moved. This is something that needs to be done away with. These blasphemy laws must be put away, to be a part of a free and orderly society that actually recognizes the beliefs and religious lib-erties. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ), my 
friend and fellow pastor to speak on this issue and bring his perspective on what he has seen across the world, but also in his time in Congress. 
Mr. WALKER. Thank you, Congress-
man C
OLLINS . I appreciate you raising 
this issue and bringing it to the House floor. It is one of a growing concern internationally, that we have seen or-ganizations like Boko Haram and oth-ers who have done great damage to those, really, to the least of these. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.080 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5457 July 23, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, our Nation was founded 
on the right to believe and to live ac-cording to one’s beliefs, and our com-mitment to allow people to live out their religious values without fear of discrimination is really the corner-stone that developed our country into a force for freedom; but this liberty isn’t just an American right. It should be a foundational element for all peo-ple groups. 
Who would have ever thought that we 
would be in a position to reference the United Nations? This right is so uni-versal that it was included as article 18 of the U.N.’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 
Article 18 recognizes that the right of 
all people to freedom of thought, con-science, and religion—this right in-cludes freedom to change his religion or belief, freedom to manifest his belief in teaching, practice, worship, and ob-servance. 
However, members of the very insti-
tution that is supposed to subscribe to this declaration proactively seek out and punish individuals in groups for their very own religious beliefs. 
In violation of international law— 
and his inherent human rights—Iran is currently imprisoning a gentleman by the name of Saeed Abedini for the mere fact of being a Christian, a man who was working with children who had lit-tle hope, if any. 
I have communicated on multiple oc-
casions with his wife, Naghmeh, whose children have pleaded and begged this administration and Iran to be able to release. 
In fact, in 2012, the history, during a 
visit to Tehran to meet with his family to talk about helping out with orphan-ages and building board members, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard arrested Saeed for his Christian faith. 
Without any due process, Saeed was 
summarily given a sentence of 8 years. Throughout Saeed’s imprisonment, he has spent weeks in solitary confine-ment. The prison guards have allowed other prisoners to come and beat him. He is denied medical treatment for in-fections that resulted from beatings be-cause he is labeled an infidel. 
I am more than proud that this 
House unanimously passed H. Res. 233, that demands the immediate release of Pastor Saeed, along with former U.S. marine, Amir Hekmati, and Wash-ington Post journalist, Jason Rezaian; but we need to do more. We need to re-turn Pastor Saeed to his home family now. 
As I was thinking about this whole 
process and speaking about it, I actu-ally thought back to the original Mayflower Compact, so I looked it up. The words—it is amazing—still ring true, Mr. Speaker. 
Allow me remind us just for a mo-
ment of those words. It reads: 
IN THE NAME OF GOD, AMEN. We, whose 
names are underwritten, the Loyal Subjects of our dread Sovereign Lord King James, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, etc., Having undertaken for the Glory of 
God, and Advancement of the Christian Faith, and the Honour of our King and Coun-try, a Voyage to plant the first Colony in the northern Parts of Virginia; Do by these Pre-sents, solemnly and mutually, in the Pres-ence of God and one another, covenant and combine ourselves together into a civil Body Politick, for our better Ordering and Preser-vation, and Furtherance of the Ends afore-said: And by Virtue hereof do enact, con-stitute, and frame, such just and equal Laws, Ordinances, Acts, Constitutions, and Offi-cers, from time to time, as shall be thought most meet and convenient for the general Good of the Colony; unto which we promise all due Submission and Obedience. 
IN WITNESS whereof we have hereunto 
subscribed our names at Cape-Cod the elev-enth of November, in the Reign of our Sov-ereign Lord King James, of England, France, and Ireland, the eighteenth, and of Scotland the fifty-fourth, 1620. 
Ronald Reagan—in closing—said it 
best. He said: 
The most essential element of our defense 
of freedom is our insistence on speaking out for the cause of religious liberty. 
That is why we are here today, and I 
hope and am proud to stand with Rep-resentative C
OLLINS in continuing to 
stand for those who cannot stand for themselves. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I do appreciate those words, and I think it is not just in faraway places. We are also dealing with this kind of issue in this hemisphere as well. 
Just a little closer to home, southern 
Mexico even has experienced growing religious tensions over the past year. In a country in which 90 percent of Mexico’s population identifies as Catholic, the Mexican Constitution even has long protected freedom of worship. 
There is growing hostilities against 
Protestantism. In fact, the highlands of southern Mexico have a history of sectarian violence. Just a few decades ago, conflict led to hundreds of deaths and the displacement of 30,000 Protes-tants. 
Right now, the conflict has arisen 
once again. Protestants have had their lands seized, utilities cuts, and appeals for government assistance has fallen on deaf ears. There are also reports of vio-lence, death threats, and forcible ex-pulsions of hundreds of victims from communities in recent years. 
You don’t have to go all over the 
world to see that we have this rise of religious intolerance around. That is a basic right, as Congressman W
ALKER  
stated. Even in the U.N., it is one of those rights that is laid out in article 18, that everyone has the right to free-dom of thought, conscience, and reli-gion. 
A right includes freedom to change 
his religion or belief in freedom, either alone or in a community with others or in public or private, to manifest his re-ligion or belief in teaching, practice, worship, and observation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to my dear 
friend from California, Representative V
ARGAS , for more, as we have been 
hearing from our friends. It is all over, and we need to continue 
to shine this light. 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, again, I 
would like to thank Mr. F RANKS from 
Arizona and Mr. W ALKER from North 
Carolina and especially you, Represent-ative C
OLLINS , for your remarks and 
your leadership on this issue. Thank you. 
I would also like to conclude my re-
marks today by highlighting a few other key issues. According to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, there are more than 50 million refugees around the world, half of which are women and children. 
Religion is a key factor in humani-
tarian crises worldwide, as we saw ear-lier this year, with a record number of refugees attempting to cross the Medi-terranean to seek asylum. 
b1715 
In this Congress, I have also intro-
duced legislation—the Protecting Reli-gious Minorities Persecution by ISIS Act of 2015—to address the plight of re-ligious minorities in ISIS-held terri-tories. 
Additionally, there are far too many 
people imprisoned for religious belief and religious freedom advocacy. We heard already about Mr. Saeed Abedini. 
I would also like to take a moment 
to focus on the issue of prisoners of conscience around the world by high-lighting the plight of Behnam Irani of Iran, as detailed in the U.S. Commis-sion on International Religious Free-dom’s Defending Freedom Project Pris-oner’s List: Behnam Irani is an evan-gelical Christian leader from Iran who led a 300-member church of Iran in Karaj, a city less than 15 minutes out-side the capital of Tehran. In 2011, Irani was sentenced to 6 years’ impris-onment for his Christian activities after a raid on a house church in Karaj. In September 2014, Mr. Irani was hit 
with 18 additional charges, including Mofsed-e-filarz, which means ‘‘spread-ing corruption on Earth,’’ a crime pun-ishable by death. However, in October 2014, this charge was dropped and Irani was sentenced instead to 6 years’ im-prisonment due to his alleged acting against national security and forming a group to overthrow the government. In total, Pastor Irani is expected to serve a total of 12 years in prison and is, therefore, due for release in 2023. Mr. Irani has faced numerous health problems while in prison, including se-vere bleeding due to stomach ulcers and colon complications. Mr. Irani is married and has a daughter and a son. 
Lastly, I would like to bring a spot-
light to the increase in anti-Semitism in Europe. According to numerous re-ports, there has been an increase of anti-Semitic acts in France, the United Kingdom, Belgium, Austria, Italy, and Germany between 2013 and 2014. 
These include violent acts and at-
tacks with an anti-Jewish motivation. Earlier this year, the world saw four Jewish patrons being murdered during an attack on a kosher supermarket in Paris, France. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.082 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5458 July 23, 2015 
We must continue to partner with 
and support Jewish communities around the world to mitigate these anti-Semitic attacks. 
With that, I again would like to 
thank my Republican colleagues and all of my colleagues for their support on this issue. Again, I would like to thank, in particular, my colleague and friend from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Thank you 
for being here, Congressman V ARGAS . 
I think there are many things that 
we can stand for. Nothing, I think, more basic to our liberties not only here in our country, but around the world, is just standing for, as Congress-man W
ALKER just said, those who can’t 
stand for themselves, who are right now being persecuted simply for the act of a conscious belief, the act of hav-ing a faith that others disagree with. 
I think that is why we are here to-
night, Mr. Speaker, to talk about this in terms of things that we can do and things that we can highlight. 
One of the issues that is concerning 
to me—and it is going to be debated in this Chamber later—is, when we are dealing with countries who have—and we have talked about this today with Iran—dealing with countries who en-courage religious persecution. They have issues with this. And we yet enter into agreements without discussing those. 
My concern is, in matters of trade 
and business, all international leaders come to our President, our Ambas-sadors, our State Department, our gov-ernment officials. Whenever they come 
and trade in business—and they want to do business because this is the mar-ket that everybody wants—then this is our time to bring this up. 
It is in those times that we bring up 
the persecution. It is in those times that we bring up the five that are held in Iran. It is in those times that we stand for them while they are shackled and cannot stand for themselves. 
We have to get over this ridiculous 
notion that we shouldn’t bring up reli-gious liberty in certain contexts be-cause we don’t want to offend anyone. 
We are worried about causing offense 
while men, women, girls, and boys are being raped, killed, crucified, and los-ing their lives. No American faces a barbaric State-sponsored death sen-tence simply because he or she believes a different religion than a neighbor. 
Mr. Speaker, this is part of the free-
dom that we have. It is a part of the freedom that has been given to us by those who have passed before us. 
I have always believed that we stand 
on the freedoms in this country today of the Constitution and the charters that have gone before us and not only what they did to sign their names to the Declaration of Independence, to sign their names to the Constitution, but to say that we will fight for those rights and those men and women who have died over the years, to say these are worth fighting for. 
There have even been issues in our 
own country of intolerance. And what we have to understand, from my per-
spective even as an Air Force chaplain, is there have been more discussions on what is right and how we are going to stand up for what we believe. 
As an Air Force chaplain, I am there 
not only from my faith background that I have, but for all, whether they have a hard-and-fast faith, a faith that is just being developed or they have no faith at all. 
That is what a chaplain is there for, 
is to present encouragement and to preserve the religious freedoms and protections that we have. 
If we back up on that, if we back up 
on the basic freedoms such as religious liberty, freedom of conscience, these things that we take for granted, this human rights issue in our country, then what else are we going to back up on? If we start messing with the funda-mental pillars, where will it end? 
The light that shines brightest here 
is the one that shines brightest across the seas. We cannot let this issue con-tinue to just become dull to us by sim-ply reading headlines on a page, maybe saying a prayer for those in need, or believing that a book of martyrs is something that used to happen and not anymore. 
Today there are those around the 
world who are simply dying or being persecuted because of their own con-science, because of their belief that they hold. That is wrong. 
It is time for us to use all of our re-
sources here in the freest country in the world, to say: We are not going to stand for it. We need to make this the light. 
I thank Congressman V
ARGAS again 
and those who have come in to be a part of this, to make sure that this light is not dim. It is something that will continue to shine brightly. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
DODD-FRANK WALL STREET RE-FORM AND CONSUMER PROTEC-TION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. H
IMES) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I come to 
the floor today on this fifth anniver-sary of Dodd-Frank to reflect a little bit on a signal piece of legislation that, to this day, remains controversial. 
Dodd-Frank, of course, was a re-
sponse to the worst economic melt-down that we have seen in this country since the Great Depression of the 1930s. 
I want to reflect back on what led to 
the need for Dodd-Frank, the impact that that Great Recession, as we have come to call it, had on Americans and American families all over this coun-try and then think a little bit about what Dodd-Frank has and has not done in the 5 years since its passage. It remains a controversial piece of 
legislation. All you have to do is look at the steady stream of press releases from the majority party on financial services. 
I have a few here: Dodd-Frank has enshrined too big to 
fail into law. 
Obama claimed Dodd-Frank would 
lift the economy. It has done the oppo-site, despite the fact that we learned today, of course, we have got one of the lowest jobless rates in a very, very long time. 
Financial crisis was caused by Wash-
ington’s dumb regulations. That would come as a surprise to pretty much any-body with economic know-how who saw the long chain of malfeasance and irre-sponsibility in the mortgage market that actually led to the crisis. 
Dodd-Frank is setting the stage for 
the next crisis. 
‘‘Dodd-Frank Act leaves America less 
stable, less prosperous, less free.’’ 
These are truly extravagant claims. So let’s back up a little bit and re-
member January of 2009. That happens to be the month that I was given the privilege of serving in this Chamber. 
It came after the last quarter of 2008 
in which the United States’ economy actually shrank at an 8 percent rate on an annualized basis. 
The economy was very literally melt-
ing down. The stock market was half of what it is today. Businesses were clos-ing. 
Americans saw literally trillions of 
dollars of value—let’s talk for a second about what ‘‘value’’ means. 
‘‘Value’’ means that retirement fund 
that you were relying on in order to re-tire. It means the money that you had set aside in a brokerage account to educate your children. 
It means those savings that you had 
accumulated over many, many years of foregoing that vacation or scrimping on the budget, those things. All of that, for many Americans, was wiped out or cut in half, devastation. 
And, by the way, in January of 2009— 
I remember this—though the bailout had passed this House what was known as the TARP, the Troubled Asset Relief Program, and though that had been put into place by the United States Con-gress and seemed to have stabilized the market, at least temporarily, we wor-ried day in and day out as to whether this—let’s face it—obnoxious meas-ure—I don’t think there is anybody who thinks in a free market system there should be bailouts—this obnox-ious, politically toxic measure which, nonetheless, reasserted some stability in the financial services sector—no-body really knew if it was enough. 
I remember wondering whether we 
might not see a bankruptcy in a money center bank, a moment, perhaps, in which ATMs wouldn’t have money in them. This was January of 2009. 
Most importantly—there are a lot of 
big words—asset values, this, that, and the other thing, money center banks— this meant devastation for millions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.083 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5459 July 23, 2015 
Americans who lost their jobs, for fam-
ilies who weren’t going to be able to send their kids to school, who were going to have to postpone retirement, unemployment going into double dig-its, meaning that—and I spoke to one of my constituents yesterday who has an Ivy League degree who found him-self working as a clerk at Home Depot, surrounded by other people with lots of education who were fortunate to have that job back in 2009, 2010 because the economy had been devastated by a fi-nancial services industry and, yes, by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and in-sufficient regulation and irrespon-sibility on the part of some of the regu-lators had devastated the economy and left the American people holding the bag. 
So what happened? We went to work. 
We went to work in 2009. In 2010, we passed the Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd- Frank Act is a complicated, big thing, but it addressed every stage of that chain of irresponsibility and malfea-sance, starting with the selling of toxic and explosive mortgages to families that brokers and others knew couldn’t possibly repay those mortgages to the bundling of those toxic mortgages into complicated securities which, frankly, you needed a Ph.D. to understand, to the fact that some of the credit rating agencies then put investment-grade AAA ratings on these toxic securities, to the fact that derivatives were then written on these securities, derivatives that were largely unregulated as the result of an act of this Congress, a long line of malfeasance and irresponsibility of insufficient regulation and of regula-tion insufficiently enforced, a terrible market practice. 
And, of course, in the middle of 2008, 
the chickens came home to roost and the economy was devastated and the American people, almost without ex-ception, suffered. 
b1730 
We saw the Troubled Asset Relief 
Program—the bailout—passed. Imagine how shocking that is to the American people. I have lost my job; I have lost my home, and there is a bailout of these institutions that I don’t know a whole lot about; but I suspect, cor-rectly, were at the heart of this crisis. 
No wonder we had political upheaval 
in this country after that happened. Every step in that chain, Mr. Speaker, from toxic mortgages to securities that nobody understood, to credit rating agencies doing an awful job in evalu-ating those securities, to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac acting irresponsibly, to regulators being asleep at the switch, Dodd-Frank addressed every element of that set of problems which combined to devastate the American 
economy and to hurt American fami-lies. 
Did it do it perfectly? Of course, it 
didn’t do it perfectly. We were legis-lating under conditions of great fear and heightened emotions, and at the end of the day, we are mortals address-ing very, very complicated issues. It was a good-faith effort to address 
what had clearly caused this problem. This notion that the Republicans are peddling that it was caused by Wash-ington’s dumb regulations is beyond in-sane because Dodd-Frank looked at what actually caused the problems of 2008 and addressed them. 
What happened? We were told that 
Dodd-Frank would be a job killer. This was back in 2010 when anything that the then-Democratic Congress did was going to be a job killer. 
The Affordable Care Act which, as it 
turns out, has provided health insur-ance to 16 million Americans, was going to be a job killer. Dodd-Frank was going to be a job killer. Everything was going to be a job killer. When we turned the lights on in this room, it was a job killer. 
You don’t hear that much anymore 
because, since those fantastic descrip-tions of job-killing legislation, we have added almost 13 million jobs to the economy. The unemployment rate today is as low as it was before the meltdown of 2008. 
The stock market has doubled since 
then, business confidence is up, busi-ness investment is up, and our capital markets are healthy. This idea that it was going to be job-killing was just flat-out wrong, certainly compared to the crisis, which was the true job kill-er. 
Mr. Speaker, the other accusation 
that was made, of course, was that Dodd-Frank was going to crush credit markets, that the sources of financing that a family needs to buy a home or to send a child to college, the sources of financing that give rise to startup companies, companies like Google which didn’t exist 25 years ago, venture capital, the stock market that, of course, gives equity to our businesses to grow and expand and employ more, those were going away because of Dodd-Frank. The criticisms leveled and the predictions made about the credit markets were apocalyptic. 
Let’s take a look at what actually 
happened. I assembled a little bit of the data here just to show what has hap-pened in the credit markets. We all love venture capital, that iconic image of the entrepreneurs in the garage de-veloping a product that grows into a multibillion-dollar corporation that provides an electronic device that changes our lives and that makes our lives better—venture capital. 
Here is the line. Venture capital at 
the start of Dodd-Frank and, today, that is a line running up and to the 
right. 
Let’s look at total consumer credit. 
You want to buy a car; you want to buy a television set. Consumer credit, we all use it. At the start of Dodd- Frank, 5 years ago—and today—a dra-matic increase in consumer credit. 
Stock market—the stock market, of 
course, is where established companies go to raise money and where we put money hoping it will grow. What has happened there? A near doubling of the stock market—robust. Commercial and industrial loans— 
what if you are a business and you don’t want to raise money in the stock market, you want to borrow money? Commercial and industrial loans— every one of these lines which capture most of the financing mechanisms and how healthy they are running at the point in time when Dodd-Frank was started to today is running strongly upwards. 
All of those criticisms that it was 
going to crush the credit markets are completely rebutted by pretty much anything that is happening in the cred-it markets today. 
Let’s just spend a minute, Mr. Speak-
er, on what was actually in Dodd- Frank because this is pretty com-plicated stuff. What was actually in Dodd-Frank were a couple of important ideas, that we should have something called a Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau that says to credit card companies, No, you can’t switch the order of a purchase to make it look like somebody overdrew an account or spent too much money so that you can charge a $25 fee; that said to mortgage brokers, No, you can’t put somebody into an inappropriately risky or high- cost mortgage just because you make more money for doing so. 
Mr. Speaker, we have standards in 
our country. You can’t buy a toaster that will burn down your house. You can’t buy a car that will explode when you turn on the ignition. That happens because we have minimum safety standards. 
If you can’t buy a toaster that will 
burn down your house, why should you be allowed to be sold a mortgage that very clearly will cause you to lose your house? That is what the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau does, and it has returned literally millions and mil-lions of dollars to the American public as a result of its telling those cheats, those people who would prey on the fi-nancial naivete of the American peo-ple: You can’t do that anymore; and if you do it, we are going to shut you down, and you are going to give the money back. 
That is what the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau is doing today. 
Mr. Speaker, the second important 
thing that Dodd-Frank did was to say, for the first time, that maybe we ought to regulate this derivatives market. Now, derivatives are a fairly com-plicated financial instrument. 
Most Americans don’t use derivatives 
directly and don’t necessarily know what they do. They are essentially bets, and that is okay. If you want to bet that oil prices are going to go up or down because you use oil, you ought to be able to take that bet to hedge your risk. That is okay. 
But in the early 2000s, the derivatives 
market had become very literally nothing but a betting game for people who simply wanted to roll the dice on the mortgage market or on the direc-tion of a corporate credit or on the stock market. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.084 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5460 July 23, 2015 
You could take any bet. People would 
lend you money; you could place that bet, and off you went. That is, of course, what brought down what was otherwise an iconic American insur-ance company, AIG. This was truly a storied insurance company that got into the derivatives business and touched off the crisis. 
Shockingly, by law, the derivatives 
market, even though it is more com-plicated and larger than the stock mar-ket, by law, was not regulated. When you wanted to buy or sell a derivative, you picked up the phone; you called your broker; you did the deal, and no-body necessarily knew about it. 
That obviously doesn’t happen in the 
stock market. You go through a broker; the trade gets registered, and the SEC looks over the shoulder of the market to make sure it operates in a safe and sound fashion. 
By law, the derivatives market was 
unregulated and untransparent, and Dodd-Frank said that does not make sense and said that, if you are going to trade derivatives, you are going to do it over an exchange, the way we trade stocks. If you are going to trade de-rivatives—particularly risky ones—you are going to put up capital against the bet you are taking so that if you lose, you can pay it off. 
That is what happened with AIG. 
They took a whole lot of very big bets that they had no ability to pay off when they lost. 
Who lent them the money to take 
those bets, Mr. Speaker? It was banks and brokerages who, when they found out that the bet they thought they won, there was no money coming to them, that is when we got into real trouble at places like Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. 
We said, crazy though it may sound, 
a market as complicated and as large as the derivatives market ought to be subject to the same transparency and regulation that the stock market has been subject to since the 1930s. That is what Dodd-Frank did. 
Finally—Dodd-Frank did a lot, but 
this is another really big thing—Dodd- Frank said we ought to actually have a mortgage market that is a little friend-lier to the American people because, for most Americans, the savings that they have is in their homes. 
For generations, until 2008, gen-
erally, home prices had gone up. Let’s face it, the middle class works pretty hard not making a lot of extra money. The growth in the value of their home was the way you amassed a nest egg to retire or to buy that vacation cabin, whatever it was you aspired to do; yet by 2008, this had become yet another dangerous casino. 
It was true at the time, though it is 
not true anymore, that a broker could sell a mortgage to a family that was a lot more expensive and a lot riskier than it needed to be because that broker could get paid more in commis-sion for selling that more complicated, more risky mortgage than that broker would get paid for selling a plain va-
nilla mortgage. 
Those days are gone. Those days are 
gone, and that is a very, very good thing for the American people. Remem-ber, homes are where people—most peo-ple—have their savings. That is what Dodd-Frank was. 
My friends on the Republican side 
who have these incredible statements, like the financial crisis was caused by Washington’s dumb regulations, fail to see that Dodd-Frank was actually a proportionate and targeted response to a truly devastating financial crisis that had real impact on an awful lot of families. 
I am sorry about that. The reason I 
am sorry about that is because Dodd- Frank, of course, is not perfect. There are clearly issues around some things like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which Dodd-Frank was silent on. 
Today, the vast majority of Amer-
ican mortgages are still explicitly backstopped by the Federal Govern-ment because we didn’t reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 
Shame on both parties for that, by 
the way. We had a lot to do when the Democrats were running the show, and we didn’t get to that point. In the many years since the Republicans have been controlling this Chamber, they have not taken that up. We should take that up. I am very proud to be, along with Congressman D
ELANEY and Con-
gressman C ARNEY , a sponsor of legisla-
tion which would do just that. 
Mr. Speaker, there is still difficulty 
for Americans who should probably qualify for a mortgage in getting that mortgage. It is possible that Dodd- Frank swung the pendulum a little far in the mortgage market in a way that we ought to look at and be very, very careful about because, remember, at the core of the crisis in 2008 were mort-gages that an awful lot of people shouldn’t have been in, an overcommit-ment on the part of public policy and others to make every American a homeowner, to make it cheap, and to have outrageously complicated mort-gages so that could happen. Carefully, we ought to look at what is happening in the mortgage market today. 
Mr. Speaker, there are more tech-
nical issues. There are questions about whether there is enough liquidity in the mechanisms, particularly bonds, that companies use to finance them-selves. 
There are fair questions about wheth-
er we have adequately dealt with the question of too big to fail. Dodd-Frank certainly put profound strictures on large institutions. It gave the govern-ment unprecedented authority to look into the so-called too-big-to-fail insti-tutions and say: Sorry, you have got to shrink down. You have got to get out of this business. 
It put additional capital—in fact, 
just this week, the Federal Reserve an-nounced the additional capital that large institutions will be required to set aside. It is a fair debate as to whether or not we have truly dealt 
with the question of too big to fail. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the rub: as long 
as the discussion we have about Dodd- Frank is a near religious discussion with my friends in the Republican Party making statements like Dodd- Frank should be repealed, the Dodd- Frank Act leaves America less stable, less prosperous, and less free; and, yes, frankly, as long as the Democrats don’t open the door to the notion that we may not have gotten it perfectly right on each one of its pages, we won’t be able to come together to do something which is essential in any piece of legis-lation, but particularly in financial regulation, which is to adapt and allow the regulatory structure to change to reflect changing conditions. 
There are very few markets as adapt-
ive, that change more rapidly, that in-novate for good and for ill, as rapidly as the financial services market. As a result, we need a regulatory apparatus that adapts along with the market, that looks for new threats, and that re-alizes that the regulation of 40 years ago actually doesn’t make a lot of sense today. 
This near religious conflict that we 
have with the Republicans saying, You ought to do away with the whole darn thing—they say that, of course, they have never actually brought legislation forward to repeal Dodd-Frank which should cause you to ask, Mr. Speaker, how serious they are about truly re-pealing it, but as long as that is the conversation—repeal or don’t change a word of this legislation—we give up the opportunity to make it better and to make it change with the underlying conditions that it seeks to regulate. 
b1745 
That is where we need to go. We need 
to acknowledge that Dodd-Frank has done some very, very good things, that it has addressed some catastrophic problems, that it took on behavior that is embarrassing to contemplate when looked back 5, 10 years, but that maybe we didn’t get it 100 percent right and start that conversation. 
We should do that to make sure that 
American families are never put in the position they were put in back in ’09. We should do that because the truth is that the financial services industry is crucial to prosperity in this country. 
If you want to buy a house, educate a 
child, buy a car, invest in a company, start a company, grow a company, you have to have access to capital. One of the competitive advantages of this country is our incredibly liquid and ef-ficient capital markets. It is a big part of why we are as prosperous as we are today. 
But if we can’t acknowledge that the 
regulatory structure has to adapt and change, we risk either putting Ameri-cans at risk one more time or dam-aging these incredible capital markets that are truly a national competitive advantage of the United States, one of the reasons we are the center of inno-vation on the planet. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.085 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5461 July 23, 2015 
I think, Mr. Speaker, we can get that 
balance right. I think we just need to take the temperature down, approach this from the standpoint of what makes sense, acknowledge that we all have good ideas, and move forward so that we remain innovative, we keep our competitive advantages, but we never, ever allow the American people to suffer the way they did starting in 2008. 
So looking back over 5 years, I think 
Dodd-Frank was a tremendous accom-plishment. It really addressed a cata-clysmic problem. But it doesn’t stop there. I urge my colleagues to recog-nize that we have taken a very big step in the right direction, but the next step demands us to be constructive and re-member that we can find a balance be-tween innovation and liquid and strong capital markets and the protection of our constituents. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BUCK). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we had 
a statement from the White House spokesman yesterday at a White House press briefing in which he had said that the Republicans have ‘‘no one to blame but themselves.’’ 
So, Mr. Speaker, I thought it would 
be helpful if we looked at the state-ments he made about the vast amount of crime in America disproportionately being committed by people who are il-legally in the United States. 
First, the White House spokesman 
said it included—and he is talking about the President’s bill and how if the House had passed that, then all our problems are over. And he said about the President’s bill, it included a his-toric investment in border security. 
Well, let me help. Obviously, he is 
just not up on what the law said. He hadn’t read it as I had. But what it did is it set forward a plan to have a plan made by Homeland Security within so many months. It has been a good while since I looked at it, but they had all kinds of time to put together a plan. And then that would be looked at by GAO, the Government Accountability Office, as I recall, and then they had so much time, a vast amount of time, to analyze that to see if the situational 
awareness and occupational control would be adequate under the plan that was being proposed by Homeland Secu-rity, the very people that have not se-cured the border so far. 
And then as time went on, I believe 
at the end of 5 years, it got really seri-ous. If the border occupational control and situational awareness were not adequate, then there was a real tough penalty, and that was that the, I be-lieve it was, Secretary of Homeland Se-curity had to give a report on why it was not adequately controlled. Look, the Senate bill was a disaster. 
It did nothing to control our border. It was the same kind of gobbledygook we have been dealing with for quite some 
time from the White House. 
And we have said consistently, as Re-
publicans in this House, most of us, if the President will secure the border, we will pass an immigration bill that takes care of everything else. It is pret-ty basic: secure the border, then we will deal with the people that are here illegally. 
Until the border is secured, then you 
are going to keep having people like Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez coming back across. So it won’t matter how expansive a bill is and how much situa-tional awareness there is on our bor-ders or in our country; it won’t matter because people like Mr. Lopez-Sanchez will keep coming back. 
We have got to have border security. 
That is all there is to it. Once the bor-der is secure, we can work everything else out. And I pointed out many times what I have learned on the border, what I have heard repeatedly from our immigration officers, our border pa-trolmen, that they are not allowed to properly secure the border. 
We had this massive influx of people 
coming in, and apparently it is ex-pected to grow some more again this year, but we are not securing the bor-der. We let them come in. And once they are on our side of the border, then we go ahead and ship them off. This had been going on for some time. 
One of the border patrolmen told me 
that, among the drug cartels and the gangs in Mexico, the Homeland Secu-rity Department is called ‘‘logistics,’’ after the commercial. I forget if it is FedEx or UPS, one of them that say: Hey, we are the logistics. You give us your package, and then we get it wher-ever you want it to go. 
I asked just in the last couple of 
weeks the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity: Are you still shipping people all over the place? I didn’t get an adequate answer. I am afraid the answer is: There is still the logistics. We won’t stop you at the border if you come across the river, we are not going to have people out there at the river to stop you from coming onto United States property. Now we are going to let you get onto United States prop-erty, and then we are going to take you where you need to go. You may have to stay in a facility here or there. That’s the kind of thing that was going on that was luring more and more people. 
And as the border patrolmen, mul-
tiple, told me, Chris Crane has testified about himself that every time some-body in Washington talks about am-nesty, talks about legalizing people that are here, it becomes a massive draw, a lure to people to come into this country illegally. That lures people to their deaths. It lures young girls into situations where they end up being sex slaves, we are told, that the sex traf-ficking is horrendous, and that young girls coming up here are often raped on the way by the gangs bringing them. And as one border patrolman had 
said, since he was Hispanic and he spoke better Spanish than many of the people coming across, he would ask them the question they are required to ask about why did you come to Amer-ica, and 90 percent of the time he said they would say to get away from gang violence. He would say in Spanish: Hey, some gringo may accept that, but you and I both know you paid a gang, some gang to bring you up here. So don’t be telling me you came to get away from the gangs; you used a gang to get here. 
And 90 percent of the time, their re-
sponses were: Well, yeah, that is true, but we were told to say we are getting away from gang violence. 
Well, the spokesperson for the White 
House also said about the Senate bill it would also have ramped up Interior en-forcement of immigration laws against dangerous individuals. 
Well, in Juan Francisco Lopez-San-
chez’ case, the immigration laws were being enforced to some extent, not completely, but to some extent. He had been to prison a number of times. He violated the immigration laws and had illegal reentry, been deported five times. So at least on five occasions, the Interior enforcement was happening. The issue was that the Bureau of Pris-ons released him to a sanctuary city of San Francisco and not to ICE, and San Francisco released him then to walk freely. 
So, even if we followed the White 
House advice and ramped up Interior enforcement, which clearly this admin-istration has no intention whatsoever of doing—and I have stories to back that up shortly—then it would not have changed, in all likelihood, the outcome of that case. For those who are tempted to say, ‘‘You are making a big deal about one case where a sweet young daughter was shot dead by some-body deported five times, a criminal, a felon, multiple-time felon, but it is not that big a deal,’’ well, it is a big deal. 
Just recently, we had an article, the 
7th of July of this year, written by Caroline May, headline, ‘‘Illegal Immi-grants Accounted for Nearly 37 Percent of Federal Sentences in FY 2014.’’ 
According to fiscal year 2014 USSC 
data, of 74,911 sentencing cases, citi-zens accounted for 43,479, or 58 percent; illegal immigrants accounted for 27,505, or 36.7 percent; and legal immigrants made up for 4 percent of those sen-tences. 
As far as drug trafficking, illegal im-
migrants represented 16.8 percent of all drug trafficking cases. They rep-resented 20 percent of the kidnapping and hostage taking cases. They rep-resented 74.1 percent of the drug pos-session cases, 12.3 percent of money laundering cases, and 12 percent of murder convictions. 
Of the Federal murder convictions in 
America, 12 percent would not have happened. Since this President has taken office, there are thousands of people who would not have been mur-dered if we enforced our immigration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.087 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5462 July 23, 2015 
laws and had a secure border. It is not 
just this precious girl in San Fran-cisco. 
It is not a race issue. There are His-
panics being killed. There are His-panics being taken hostage. There are Hispanics being raped. 
b1800 
There are Whites, Blacks, Asians— 
you name it. They are victims of ille-gal immigrant criminal activity. 
It is absolutely outrageous for any-
one in a government position to belit-tle thousands of people being mur-dered, raped, kidnapped, and to be so cavalier about it. 
The White House says, well, the bill 
that they were plugging for would have enhanced penalties for repeat immigra-tion violators with sentences up to 20 years for certain illegal aliens who were convicted of felonies. 
Look, there were laws in place, and 
they were violated. He had been to prison. Until you secure the border, people like Mr. Lopez-Sanchez are going to keep coming back. You have to secure the border. 
He also said the bill would have in-
creased penalties for passport and im-migration document trafficking and fraud. 
Yes, like that would have stopped 
him. He came back across illegally five times. It wasn’t a passport issue. It is just pretty dramatic what kind of things have occurred. 
I also filed a bill today—we have got 
some cosponsors—regarding the Dis-trict of Columbia. The District of Co-lumbia, by authority of the Constitu-tion, was empowered to Congress. We set up local control. 
Some would say: Well, wait a minute. 
If you are trying to punish a sanctuary city like the District of Columbia, the only real Federal city in the country, the only real city under congressional, constitutional control, why don’t you just leave it to the locals? 
We did, and the local officials al-
lowed it to become a sanctuary city that was not enforcing the law. 
So the bill that was passed today 
wasn’t near as tough as I felt like it should have been. It wasn’t near as tough of a bill as the King amendment had been that we had previously passed with plenty of votes. 
We could have passed it again today, 
but that is not the bill that was brought. It is a good first step. It is a step in the right direction. 
That is why I ended up voting for it 
even though it was not as strong as the original King amendment. It is impor-tant to avoid having sanctuaries, ref-uges, for people who are felons, like the man who killed Kate Steinle. 
Then we have this story from July 22 
by Elizabeth Harrington. It points out that the Obama administration is not only planning on not enforcing the law, despite all the hogwash coming out of the White House press room, and not only are they not going to enforce the law, but here is what is coming out. The article points out: 
‘‘The Obama administration is mov-
ing forward with plans to expand a waiver program that will allow addi-tional illegal aliens to remain in the country rather than apply for legal sta-tus from abroad. 
‘‘The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity issued a proposed rule on Tuesday that would make changes to a waiver program created by President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigra-tion in 2013,’’ unconstitutional as it was. 
‘‘The action created a waiver that 
primarily allowed illegal immigrants with a U.S. citizen spouse or parent to stay . . . ’’ and it goes into the spe-cifics. ‘‘The new rule expands eligi-bility to a host of other categories of illegal immigrants.’’ 
Jessica Vaughan, director of policy 
studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, said: 
‘‘‘It’s a very bad policy. It makes it 
possible for illegal aliens to avoid the consequences established by Congress to deter people from settling here ille-gally and then laundering their status by adjusting to a green card.’ 
‘‘Vaughan, who has been following 
the issue for over 2 years, said the changes to the waiver program would increase fraud. 
‘‘‘It is a slap in the face to the many 
legal immigrants who abide by the law, follow the process, and wait their turn,’ she said. ‘In addition, it will in-crease the likelihood of fraud in the marriage categories, which produce tens of thousands of new green cards each year.’ 
‘‘‘The President should not be 
issuing executive actions that serve only to expedite the legalization proc-ess for those who have ignored our laws. This legalization gimmick is un-dermining the integrity of our legal immigration system, and Congress should take steps to block it.’ 
‘‘The public will have 60 days to com-
ment on the proposal.’’ 
It appears to be yet another uncon-
stitutional act by our President, still seeming to thumb his nose at the judge in south Texas who had put an injunc-tion on the last amnesty that was issued by the President. So they are just going to keep going, apparently. 
This article by Julia Preston has a 
title from The New York Times: ‘‘Most Undocumented Immigrants Will Stay Under Obama’s New Policies, Report Says.’’ 
‘‘Under new immigration enforce-
ment programs the Obama administra-tion is putting in place across the country, the vast majority of unau-thorized immigrants—up to 87 per-cent—would not be the focus of depor-tation operations and would have ‘a de-gree of protection’ to remain in the United States, according to a report published Thursday by the Migration Policy Institute. 
‘‘The report found that about 13 per-
cent of an estimated 11 million immi-grants without papers, or about 1.4 mil-lion people, have criminal records or 
recently crossed the border illegally, making them priorities for deportation under guidelines the administration announced in November.’’ 
It makes it very clear that there is so 
much disingenuousness coming out of the White House. 
Oh, yes, if we had passed this ridicu-
lous bill that the Senate passed, which really was not going to address the issue of enforcement adequately, we were going to have studies and plans. 
If it did not work in 5 years, heck, we 
would let the Secretary give us a re-port on why it didn’t all work. I mean, it is absurd. Secure the border. It is very basic. The President has got the power, and he has got the money. 
Heck, they just blew off the $4 billion 
virtual fence a few years ago that we had appropriated money for. What are they doing with that money? Why haven’t they secured the border with that? They could do it. 
Just when you think news about peo-
ple acting illegally and being given am-nesty couldn’t get much worse, this story by Steven Green, on July 20, by PJ Media, reads: 
‘‘Iranian worshippers chant slogans 
during their Friday prayer service at the Tehran University campus in Tehran, Iran, Frida y... The main 
prayer service in the Iranian capital has been interrupted by repeated chants of ‘death to America’—despite this week’s landmark nuclear deal with world powers that was welcomed by au-thorities in Tehran.’’ 
The devastating revelation from 
Mitch Ginsburg and the Times of Israel reads: 
‘‘Mojtaba Atarodi, arrested in Cali-
fornia for attempting to acquire equip-ment for Iran’s military-nuclear pro-grams, was released in April as part of back channel talks, Times of Israel told. The contacts, mediated in Oman for years by close colleagues of the Sul-tan, have seen a series of U.S.-Iran prisoner releases’’—not exchanges, but releases—‘‘and there may be more to come.’’ 
I mean, it is incredible. We are told 
we have seen the deal. Oh, yes. There are parts, like the IAEA has got to work out its side deal that we don’t see here in Congress, but it is a good deal. 
Let’s not forget my friend who spoke 
last from the other side of the aisle was talking about how great the Dodd- Frank bill is. Let me just say this quickly about that. 
As for the Dodd-Frank bill that was 
passed, supposedly, to punish those evil investment banks on Wall Street, what has it really done? It has punished the community banks that didn’t do any-thing wrong. 
They weren’t invested in mortgage- 
backed securities. They weren’t doing all kinds of machinations to try to cre-ate new forms of legalized gambling on Wall Street. They weren’t engaged in that. 
Yet, Dodd-Frank has so punished 
community banks that every month 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.088 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5463 July 23, 2015 
there are fewer community banks. 
They are getting gobbled up by the guys who caused the problems. That is what Dodd-Frank did. 
It added so much expense and burden 
on the local banks, and it provided a lot of benefits to the biggest banks. They are the ones that could absorb the parts of the law. We are losing banks constantly. 
As far as the great economic news, 
we know we have at least 93-plus mil-lion people for the first time in our his-tory—94 million people, maybe, now— who have given up looking for jobs. It has never gotten that high before. 
It had gotten close once before, I 
think, under Carter, but it has never gotten this high before. People have just given up looking for jobs. You have got more on food stamps than ever before. Is that really something to be proud of? It is if you want inden-tured servitude of the people of the United States. 
The middle class, we hear now re-
cently, is growing smaller. The gap be-tween the ultra rich and the poor is growing bigger under this President’s redistribution model because it doesn’t work. 
The most troubling economic sta-
tistic that anybody should have been seeing over the last few years—over the last 2 years—came out in 2013, that, under President Obama, for the first time in American history—ever—95 percent of all of the income went to the top 1 percent income earners. 
It still bothers me greatly. But I 
read, actually, that, even though the top 1 percent is making 95 percent of all the income, it was a slower growth to them than in the last two expan-sions. 
So it really was not that great of 
news for them. Well, it isn’t great for America when 95 percent of the income is made by the top 1 percent. 
It is just this wink and nod with Wall 
Street from this administration of: We are going to call you fat cats. We are going to punish you. We are going to hit you with Dodd-Frank. 
And what happens? You kill the 
smaller banks. You hurt the middle class. You overburden the middle class. You make it more difficult for them to live. More people end up on food stamps. It is a disaster. 
That is why it was no surprise in the 
last couple of days when we saw a re-port that there is a great majority of Americans who feels like this Presi-dent has hurt the economy more than he has helped it. I don’t know that that is true, but I do know that more peo-ple, according to the poll, are saying that. 
Capital markets and Wall Street, oh, 
they have done well. Yes, that is what happens when we create more money than at any time in American history. We are creating money. 
Notice, Mr. Speaker, I am saying 
‘‘creating money’’ because I learned it was improper to say we are printing more money than ever before. I was told by someone with the Fed— 
some years back when I asked: ‘‘How much more money are we printing than we have ever printed?’’—‘‘Oh, none, really.’’ 
‘‘But there is more money in the sys-
tem.’’ 
‘‘Oh, yes. We couldn’t possibly print 
all of the money we are creating.’’ 
Are you kidding me? We are just add-
ing numbers. We aren’t even bothering to print it anymore as we are increas-ing money so fast. It is an outrage what has happened. 
The bottom line is Americans are 
suffering. Government does not make things better. It is better when they get a job, not more food stamps. 
It is time that we knock Dodd-Frank 
down to size where it does deal with the investment banks that caused the problem of 2008 and doesn’t punish the banks that didn’t get us in that trou-ble. 
In the time I have left, I have just 
got to go back to this horrendous Ira-nian deal. It is putting the United States and all freedom-loving people at risk. 
Iran cannot be trusted, and I am still 
concerned about the language, like, if you say in a bill or in the Iran agree-ment, oh, yes, you can’t use ICBMs or develop them for 8 years or, at the broader conclusion of the IAEAs, that nuclear material is being used for peaceful purposes, whichever is earlier. 
b1815 
That concerns me about the 8-year 
requirement. Is it really an 8-year re-quirement, seriously? I mean, what does that mean? I went down and cleared that that was not classified, so I could speak of that. There are a few places where I have seen that that lan-guage, the broader conclusion by the IAEA, holy cow, that is completely out of our control. That is one of the time deadlines that some of the important timing can be? 
Iran continues to make clear, as this 
story from July 12 from Adam Kredo says, that Iran is saying, ‘‘We will trample upon America.’’ 
‘‘Iranian cleric Ayatollah Mohammad 
Ali Movahedi Kermani, who was hand-picked by the Islamic Republic’s su-preme leader to deliver the prayers, de-livered a message of hostility toward the United States in the first official remarks since a final nuclear deal was signed between Iran and world powers in Vienna last week.’’ 
‘‘Analysts who spoke to the Wash-
ington Free Beacon about the anti- American tone of last week’s prayers said it is a sign Tehran believes it bested the United States in the talks.’’ 
You think? The article further down says: 
‘‘Iran’s defense minister on Monday said the deal also will prohibit all for-eigners from inspecting Iran’s ’defen-sive and missile capabilities’ at sen-sitive military sites.’’ 
You don’t have to have my SAT 
scores to know they are going to be classifying as many sites as they can 
as defensive sites that we cannot have inspected. 
It is time to say ‘‘no’’ to the deal. 
Americans need to rise up and demand it, and let’s crush the Iranian deal be-fore Iran crushes Israel and the Great Satan, United States. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida (at the re-
quest of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of a family emergency. 
f 
EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE 
OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRA -
TION, 
Washington, DC, July 23, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER , Pursuant to section 
3(b) of H. Res. 676 of the 113th Congress, as continued by section 3(f)(2) of H. Res. 5 of the 114th Congress, I write with the following en-closure which is a statement of the aggre-gate amount expended on outside counsel and other experts on any civil action author-ized by H. Res. 676. 
Sincerely, 
C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , Chairman, 
Committee on House Administration. 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL 
OR OTHER EXPERTS—H. RES. 676 
July 1–September 30 2014 .................................................... ........................
October 1–December 31, 2014 .............................................. $42,875.00 January 1–March 31, 2015 ................................................... 50,000.00 April 1, 2015–June 30, 2015 ................................................ 29,915.00 
Total .............................................................................. 122,790.00 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 27, 2015, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2271. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting notification that the Department intends to assign women to certain previously closed positions in the Army, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 652; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2272. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; MI, Belding; 2008 Lead Clean Data Deter-mination [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0407; FRL-9930- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY7.090 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5464 July 23, 2015 
81-Region 5] received July 22, 2015, pursuant 
to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2273. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia, 2011 Base Year Emissions Inven-tories for the Washington DC-MD-VA Non-attainment Area for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R03- OAR-2014-0759; FRL-9930-96-Region 3] re-ceived July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2274. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans for the State of Alabama: Cross-State Air Pollution Rule [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0313; FRL-9931-24- Region 4] received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2275. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Electronic Reporting Consistent With the Cross Media Electronic Reporting Rule [EPA-R06-OAR-2015-0172; FRL-9931-09- Region 6] received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2276. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Oregon; Grants Pass Second 10-Year PM10 Limited Maintenance Plan [EPA-R10-OAR-2015-0323; FRL-9931-16-Region 10] received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2277. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Implementation Plans: Oregon: Grants Pass Carbon Monoxide Lim-ited Maintenance Plan [EPA-R10-OAR-2015- 0322; FRL-9931-13-Region 10] received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2278. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Sedaxane; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0354; FRL-9930-84] received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2279. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Personnel Management, transmitting the Of-fice’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Systems; Redefinition of the Jacksonville, FL; Savan-nah, GA; Hagerstown-Martinsburg-Cham-bersburg, MD; Richmond, VA; and Roanoke, VA, Appropriated Fund Federal Wage Sys-tem Wage Areas (RIN: 3206-AN15) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2280. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Transportation Security Ad-ministration, Department of Homeland Se-
curity, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277 as codified in 5 U.S.C. 3345 et seq; 
to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
2281. A letter from the Chief Administra-
tive Officer, transmitting the quarterly re-port of receipts and expenditures of appro-priations and other funds for the period April 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a; Public Law 88-454; (H. Doc. No. 114—52); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 
2282. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648-XD744) received July 22, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2283. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Trip Limit Re-duction [Docket No.: 001005281-0369-02] (RIN: 0648-XD717) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2284. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Department’s modi-fication of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #3, #4, #5, and #6 [Docket No.: 150316270-5270-01] (RIN: 0648-XD976) re-ceived July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2285. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Snowy Grouper [Docket No.: 0907271173-0629-03] (RIN: 0648- XE003) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2286. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 120328229-4949-02] (RIN: 0648- XD672) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2287. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary final rule — Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Adjustments to 2015 Annual Catch Limits [Docket No.: 141002820-5113-01] (RIN: 0648-XD536) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 2288. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; 2006 Consolidated Atlantic Highly Migratory Species (HMS) Fishery Management Plan; Amendment 7; Correction [Docket No.: 120328229-5064-03] (RIN: 0648-BC09) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2289. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act Provisions; Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Standardized Bycatch Reporting Method-ology Omnibus Amendment [Docket No.: 140904749-5507-02] (RIN: 0648-BE50) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2290. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘Debt Collection Recovery Activi-ties of the Department of Justice for Civil Debts Referred for Collection Annual Report for FY 2014’’, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3718, Con-tracts for collection services, and the Debt Collection Improvement Act of 1996; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2291. A letter from the Chief Counsel, Fed-
eral Emergency Management Agency, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Suspen-sion of Community Eligibility; Virginia: Au-gusta County, Unincorporated Areas [Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0001; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8389] received July 22, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; jointly to the Com-mittees on Financial Services and Homeland Security. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 2604. A bill to improve and reau-thorize provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need- based educational aid (Rept. 114–224). Re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1994. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–225, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1994 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JY7.000 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5465 July 23, 2015 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. W ITT-
MAN, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, and Mr. K IND): 
H.R. 3173. A bill to promote conservation 
for the purpose of enhancing hunting, fishing and other outdoor recreational opportuni-ties; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
JONES , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 3174. A bill to promote competition 
and help consumers save money by giving them the freedom to choose where they buy prescription pet medications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. BONAMICI: 
H.R. 3175. A bill to assure equity in con-
tracting between the Federal Government and small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness. 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3176. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to establish a criminal viola-tion for injuring or destroying property under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada (for himself, 
Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. K LINE, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. D AVIS 
of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
SABLAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T AKANO , 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. 
BUCSHON , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania): 
H.R. 3177. A bill to simplify the application 
used for the estimation and determination of financial aid eligibility for postsecondary education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. M
ESSER , 
Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. K LINE, Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. H ECKof 
Nevada, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. D ESAULNIER ): 
H.R. 3178. A bill to simplify and streamline 
the information regarding institutions of higher education made publicly available by the Secretary of Education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. 
A
LLEN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
Mr. H UDSON ): 
H.R. 3179. A bill to amend the loan coun-
seling requirements under the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. 
C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. K LINE, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
Mr. G IBSON ): 
H.R. 3180. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide students with increased flexibility in the use of Federal Pell Grants, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. C
UELLAR , and Mr. M CCAUL): 
H.R. 3181. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to permit border States to des-ignate certain funds for border infrastruc-ture projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas (for herself and Mr. S
MITH of 
Texas): 
H.R. 3182. A bill to advance United States 
leadership in planetary science and space ex-ploration though education and outreach; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3183. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand and make permanent the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 3184. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permit the medical ex-penses of dependents who have not attained age 26 to be paid from a health savings ac-count; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
P
OLIS, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ECERRA , 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK of Wash-
ington, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K IL-
MER, Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P ELOSI , 
Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P RICE 
of North Carolina, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Miss 
RICE of New York, Ms. R OYBAL - ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
RYANof Ohio, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ  
of California, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ARSEN  
of Washington, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama): 
H.R. 3185. A bill to prohibit discrimination 
on the basis of sex, gender identity, and sex-ual orientation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and House Admin-istration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. WOODALL (for himself and Mr. 
G
OHMERT ): 
H.R. 3186. A bill to amend the Balanced 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act 
of 1985 to reform the budget baseline; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Ms. P
IN-
GREE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. P OLIS): 
H.R. 3187. A bill to amend the Federal Meat 
Inspection Act to exempt from inspection the slaughter of animals and the preparation of carcasses conducted at a custom slaughter facility, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 3188. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to end speculation on the cur-rent cost of multilingual services provided by the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 3189. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to establish requirements for pol-icy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish re-quirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
L
ANCE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
GARAMENDI ): 
H.R. 3190. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to enhance the Federal Govern-ment’s planning and preparation for extreme 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JY7.100 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5466 July 23, 2015 
weather, and the Federal Government’s dis-
semination of best practices to respond to extreme weather, thereby increasing resil-ience, improving regional coordination, and mitigating the financial risk to the Federal Government from such extreme weather; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 3191. A bill to amend the Consolidated 
and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 with respect to funding available for fis-cal year 2015 for certain general business loans authorized under the Small Business Act, to amend the Small Business Act to modify loan limitations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. 
S
HERMAN ): 
H.R. 3192. A bill to provide for a temporary 
safe harbor from the enforcement of inte-grated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Set-tlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. N ADLER , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R AN-
GEL, and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 3193. A bill to amend the Animal Wel-
fare Act to require that covered persons de-velop and implement emergency contingency plans; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. 
C
ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 3194. A bill to protect and promote 
international religious freedom; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. 
C
ONYERS ): 
H.R. 3195. A bill to establish minimum 
standards of disclosure by franchises whose franchisees use loans guaranteed by the Small Business Administration; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3196. A bill to establish minimum 
standards of fair conduct in franchise sales and franchise business relationships, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. 
FOXX, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. L ONG, Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. C OLE, Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. A MASH , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S MITH 
of New Jersey, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. P ALM-
ER): 
H.R. 3197. A bill to prohibit Federal fund-
ing to entities that do not certify the enti-ties will not perform, or provide any funding to any other entity that performs, an abor-tion; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 3198. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit to small employers for certain newly hired employ-ees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. 
G
ROTHMAN , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. 
PALMER ): 
H.R. 3199. A bill to prohibit statutory sanc-
tions relief by the United States with respect to Iran unless the Senate provides its advice and consent to ratification of the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3200. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to transfer unobligated amounts previously made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs to the med-ical accounts of the Department to improve the furnishing of health care to veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Appropria-tions, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself and 
Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 3201. A bill to support the integration 
of immigrants to the United States into the economic, social, cultural, and civic life of their local communities and the Nation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida (for him-
self, Mr. J
OLLY , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C REN-
SHAW , and Mr. D IAZ-BALART ): 
H.R. 3202. A bill to amend section 42 of title 
18, United States Code, popularly known as the Lacey Act, to add certain species of lionfish to the list of injurious species that are prohibited from being imported or shipped; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 3203. A bill to require prompt re-
sponses by mortgage owners of homes in foreclosure to short sale offers to purchase such homes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 3204. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-duce the testing requirements for part A of title I of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 3205. A bill to establish the History Is 
Learned from the Living grant program to enable communities to learn about historical movements in the United States in the past century through the oral histories of com-munity members who participated in those 
movements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT (for himself, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
VAN HOLLEN , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S COTT 
of Virginia, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. F ARR, Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
and Ms. B ONAMICI ): 
H.R. 3206. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come student loan indebtedness discharged in connection with closures of educational institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3207. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide for a national program to conduct and support activities toward the goal of significantly reducing the number of cases of overweight and obesity among individuals in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 3208. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to clarify the timing of deposits relating to the Civil Service Retirement Sys-tem with respect to crediting military serv-ice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. 
C
OURTNEY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
REICHERT , and Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas): 
H.R. 3209. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permit the disclosure of certain tax return information for the pur-pose of missing or exploited children inves-tigations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3210. A bill to prohibit United States 
voluntary contributions to the United Na-tions Democracy Fund; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 3211. A bill to provide for the addition 
of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 3212. A bill to amend the Grand Ronde 
Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 3213. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make 100 percent bonus depreciation permanent; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.J. Res. 61. A joint resolution amending 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BECERRA: 
H. Res. 372. A resolution recognizing the 
importance of the 2015 Special Olympics World Games hosted by the United States of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JY7.100 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5467 July 23, 2015 
America in Los Angeles, California; to the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H. Res. 373. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need for Congress to have the power to implement and enforce limits on when money can be spent on campaign activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. HECK of Washington (for him-
self, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
VELA, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. R USSELL , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington): 
H. Res. 374. A resolution recognizing the 
50th anniversary of Singaporean independ-ence and reaffirming Singapore’s close part-nership with the United States; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Ms. 
S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois): 
H. Res. 375. A resolution honoring the vic-
tims, survivors, and those who responded to the Eastland disaster—a shipwreck which re-sulted in the deaths of 844 passengers and crew—on its centennial; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H. Res. 376. A resolution to refer H.R. 3133, 
a bill making congressional reference to the United States Court of Federal Claims pursu-ant to sections 1492 and 2509 of title 28, United States Code, of certain Indian land- related takings claims of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians of Michigan and its individual members; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H. Res. 377. A resolution recognizing ‘‘Na-
tional Atomic Veterans Day’’ on July 16; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Ms. C
AS-
TOR of Florida, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. H IMES, Mr. I SSA, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , and Mr. D EFAZIO): 
H. Res. 378. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of September 2015 as ‘‘Na-tional Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. W
EBER  
of Texas, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. O LSON , 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas): 
H. Res. 379. A resolution reaffirming the 
role of the House of Representatives in the review and approval or disapproval of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action relating to the nuclear program of Iran; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
102. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Senate of the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 218, urging President Obama and the United States Sen-ate and House of Representatives to reau-thorize the United States Export-Import Bank before June 30, 2015; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
103. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Ohio, relative to House Concur-rent Resolution No. 9, to establish a sustain-
able energy-abundance plan for Ohio to meet future Ohio energy needs with affordable, abundant, and environmentally friendly en-ergy; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
104. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Ohio, relative to House Concur-rent Resolution No. 9, to establish a sustain-able energy-abundance plan for Ohio to meet future Ohio energy needs with affordable, abundant, and environmentally friendly en-ergy; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
105. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Texas, relative to Senate Con-current Resolution No. 32, urging the United States Congress to expedite natural gas ex-ports; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
106. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 7, urging the President of the United States, members of Congress, and the United States Department of Labor to up-date regulations implementing an executive order prohibiting discrimination by feder-ally-assisted contractors and subcontractors; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WALZ: 
H.R. 3173. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Section 8 
of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 3174. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
By Ms. BONAMICI: 
H.R. 3175. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1. 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3176. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. HECK of Nevada: 
H.R. 3177. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 3178. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 3179. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Ms. STEFANIK: 
H.R. 3180. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. HURD of Texas: 
H.R. 3181. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States . . .’’ 
By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas: 
H.R. 3182. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1, Sect. 8 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3183. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 3184. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 3185. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. WOODALL: 
H.R. 3186. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 
By Mr. MASSIE: 
H.R. 3187. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This act is justified by the Commerce 
Clause of the United States Constitution which, by granting Congress the power to regulate commerce among the several states, also allows Congress to prevent or prohibit federal interference with Americans’ ability to slaughter and process meat. This act is also justified by the Ninth and Tenth Amendments to the Constitution, which rec-ognize that rights and powers are retained and reserved by the people and to the States. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 3188. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 gives Congress the 
power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises, and to pay the debts levied by such expenses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L23JY7.100 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5468 July 23, 2015 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 3189. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes); Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 (To coin money, regulate the value thereof; and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures); Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 (To provide for the punishment of counter-feiting the securities and current coin of the United States); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Constitution in the gov-ernment of the United States, or in any de-partment thereof). 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3190. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 3191. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constiution 
By Mr. HILL: 
H.R. 3192. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 3193. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3194. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3195. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and 3. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3196. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and 3. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3197. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, 
Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 3198. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Sec-
tion 8, of Article 1 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 3199. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article II, Section 2 gives the President 
the ‘‘Power, by and with the Advice and Con-sent of the Senate, to make Treaties, pro-vided two thirds of the Senators present con-cur.’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 grants Congress the Power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof.’’ It is necessary and proper to clarify that the matter addressed by this legislation is a treaty and must be considered under the rel-evant requirements of the Constitution. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3200. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article I, section 8 of the 
United States Constitution, this legislation is authorized by Congress’ power to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’’ 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H.R. 3201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
To borrow money on the credit of the 
United States 
By Mr. CLAWSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To regulate Com-
merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes;’’ 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 3203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 3204. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 3205. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 3206. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I of Section VIII of Article I: ‘‘The 
Congress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3207. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 3208. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 3209. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3210. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 3211. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 3212. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 3213. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.J. Res. 61. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 183: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 217: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 333: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, and 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 335: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 339: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. C OOK, and 
Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 342: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 381: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 430: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 449: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 540: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 546: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 578: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 592: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. J ENKINS of West 
Virginia, and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 653: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 692: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 703: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 721: Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 775: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. B EYER , and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 799: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 815: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR . 
H.R. 825: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 828: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 829: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 836: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.041 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5469 July 23, 2015 
H.R. 842: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 855: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 885: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 890: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 894: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 902: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 918: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 921: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 932: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and 
Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 940: Mr. W OODALL and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 973: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 999: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1062: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1095: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1100: Ms. G RANGER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. M ICA, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C ALVERT , and 
Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1107: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 1148: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1155: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1192: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1194: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1202: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
SERRANO , and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
DOLD, and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1309: Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. L UCAS , 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and 
Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1320: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1344: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 1371: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska and Mr. 
HARDY . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 1387: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 1391: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1421: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
SCHIFF . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 1434: Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H OYER , 
and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 1462: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1546: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 1553: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1567: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. M ICA, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Caro-
lina, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. R OYCE , 
Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. W ALKER , and Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
DENHAM , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. Y OHO, and 
Mr. W ALKER . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. N EAL, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut, and Mr. K INZINGER of Il-
linois. 
H.R. 1670: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. S HIMKUS . H.R. 1814: Mr. R YANof Ohio and Mr. T UR-
NER. 
H.R. 1830: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1856: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1875: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1981: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1995: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 2005: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2063: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2066: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 2082: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2125: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2217: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2229: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 2241: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2247: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. C RENSHAW and Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2266: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2287: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2290: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 2292: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R AN-
GEL, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. C ARNEY , Mrs. B ROOKS of 
Indiana, Mr. S IRES, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
BUCK, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. 
GOHMERT . 
H.R. 2355: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 2366: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2382: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 2391: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. T IPTON , and Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. K ATKO , and Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 2407: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 2408: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2494: Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 2545: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2602: Ms. K USTER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. K EATING , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. N EAL, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2622: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. J ONES and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 2652: Mr. A BRAHAM , Ms. M CSALLY , and 
Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 2657: Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2661: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
NORTON , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2663: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina 
and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. M CNERNEY and Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. C OOKand Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2702: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 2711: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
COLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2744: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. 
HONDA . 
H.R. 2769: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2799: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2823: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
PAYNE , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2835: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 2871: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 2894: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2896: Mr. S MITH of Nebraska and Mr. 
YOUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 2911: Mr. N EALand Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 2915: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 2942: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. 
CHABOT , and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 2948: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Ms. L OF-
GREN . 
H.R. 2954: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2965: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 2974: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2992: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 2994: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2999: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3011: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 3025: Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3039: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 3047: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and 
Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 3051: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3052: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 3060: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3068: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3071: Mr. G ALLEGO and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3084: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. Y OHO, 
Ms. S TEFANIK , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3089: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3091: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 3092: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 3093: Mr. M EADOWS and Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 3095: Mr. D EFAZIO and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 3100: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 3105: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 3110: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3114: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3115: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 3120: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 3126: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 3132: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , 
and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3134: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H URT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 3139: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3148: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3151: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas. 
H.R. 3161: Mr. H ARPER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3163: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. S WALWELL  
of California. 
H.R. 3164: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3165: Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 3170: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.029 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5470 July 23, 2015 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. P ALMER . 
H.J. Res. 48: Mr. D EFAZIO and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. 
H.J. Res. 51: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas and 
Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. F ATTAH . H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H. Res. 130: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H. Res. 140: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H. Res. 318: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H. Res. 343: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, 
Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. W ALBERG . H. Res. 354: Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and 
Mr. C OOK. 
H. Res. 365: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 366: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 367: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. 
RIGELL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY7.034 H23JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5477 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 2015 No. 116 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable D EAN 
HELLER , a Senator from the State of 
Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s 
prayer will be offered by Pastor Ken Carney, First Church of the Nazarene, Hot Springs, AR. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we come before 
You today asking You for a new touch of grace to fall on all of our elected leaders. You told us in Your Word to ask for wisdom. I humbly ask today for everyone who governs and makes deci-sions concerning our great country to be filled with Your divine wisdom. Please, Father, remember mercy for those who are weak and struggling. 
I close my prayer by asking that You 
protect all of our elected leaders and their families from harm and danger. 
This I pray in Your Holy and Match-
less Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, July 23, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D EANHELLER , a Sen-
ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
there are a lot of tired cliche ´s about 
not giving up after an initial setback. I won’t subject our colleagues to any of those this morning, but I will say that last night’s vote represents an impor-tant first step toward passing a multiyear, bipartisan highway bill. It is the first step on a much longer road but, in my view, a worthwhile one. 
This bipartisan bill will fund our 
roads, highways, and bridges for longer than any transportation bill considered by Congress in a decade, and the high-way proposal will do so without in-creasing taxes or adding to the deficit. That is no small achievement. 
Just consider what the Committee 
for a Responsible Federal Budget had to say about the bill we voted to move forward on last night. It is ‘‘refresh-ing,’’ they said, to see Congress focus-ing ‘‘on a multi-year solution instead of just another short-term patch.’’ In general, their overall view was that this is ‘‘a fiscally responsible bill that relies on some pretty solid offsets.’’ That is from the Committee for a Re-sponsible Federal Budget. They called it ‘‘a fiscally responsible bill that re-lies on some pretty solid offsets.’’ Posi-tive comments such as those echo the kinds of things I continue to hear from Members of both parties. 
I would like to thank the Senator 
from California and the other Members on her side who worked with us to help 
prepare this bill and then voted with us to advance it last night. I hope we will continue to work together to finally deliver a fiscally responsible, long- term highway bill for the American people. 
f 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER IRAN NU-
CLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday I joined Speaker B OEHNER , Sen-
ator C OTTON , and Congressman P OMPEO  
in sending a letter to the administra-tion with a simple request: that the ad-ministration meet its full obligations to Congress under the terms of the bi-partisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act—a law both parties supported overwhelmingly just this spring. The law gives Congress the right to review all of the elements of an agreement struck between the White House and Iran and then take a vote on it. 
The law is clear, but the administra-
tion has not submitted the side agree-ments between the International Atomic Energy Agency and Iran to the Senate, withholding the text from both Democrats and Republicans in Con-gress. And since the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act was signed into law prior to the completion of the ne-gotiation in Vienna, Secretary Kerry was fully aware—fully aware—of the requirement in law to submit the side deal to Congress. 
Congress cannot properly carry out 
its obligation to the American people until the administration fulfills its legal obligation to the American peo-ple and to Congress, so we are calling on the administration to do that imme-diately. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.000 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5478 July 23, 2015 
SUPPORTING OUR NATION’S 
VETERANS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we can tell 
a lot about how a Senator feels about our veterans by seeing how they vote on issues dealing with veterans. We can tell a lot about a Senator by how he or she treats our Nation’s veterans. Are they committed to giving our veterans the care and help they deserve and need or do they see American service-members as political footballs to be used for partisan fights? 
I was disappointed yesterday to see 
my Republican colleagues try to actu-ally manipulate a good veterans bill, a noble bill, and it was done for political purposes. 
The senior Senator from Washington, 
who has worked so hard on veterans issues for years now in the Senate, crafted a bipartisan piece of legislation to help veterans to do a number of things—basically, to help with their families. It is a tragic reality that thousands of veterans and servicemem-bers struggle with issues related to re-productive health, including fertility, some as a result of injuries sustained in combat. Senator M
URRAY ’s bill 
would give the Veterans’ Administra-tion the resources it needs to attend to our veterans’ reproductive health. The legislation would also help facilitate adoptive services for wounded veterans who want a family of their own. 
Senator M
URRAY ’s bill was to be 
marked up. That means it would be fi-nalized in committee before it was re-ported from that committee to the floor. That is one of the opportunities we have to get legislation on the floor. But in a cynical, duplicitous move, a handful of Republicans on that com-mittee were determined to manipulate the legislation. Instead of working with Senator M
URRAY and others on 
the committee to pass a good bill as is, the junior Senator from North Carolina and other Republicans tried to attach so-called poison pill amendments to the bill. Senator M
URRAY , to her cred-
it, saw immediately what this charade was all about as a political stunt and requested that the chairman pull her bill from consideration, which did hap-pen. The Senator from Washington didn’t want a good, bipartisan bill hi-jacked by a few Republicans looking to get their names on FOX television. 
This episode says a lot about today’s 
Republican Party. This is an attack on families, it is an attack on the health of women, and it is an attack on our veterans. 
Every servicemember who puts on 
the uniform of the United States armed services deserves everything we can give them because they take an oath to defend our Nation. It is not a pledge taken lightly by these men and women who serve. They understand what is being asked of them. They know that at any given time they may have to sacrifice everything for this country. 
We here in the Senate take a similar 
oath when we are sworn in to office, but we also make an unspoken, yet equally solemn, vow—to do everything 
in our power to support these veterans. We aren’t called upon to make the ulti-mate sacrifices they are, but we have to recognize that they need our help. That means we do anything we can to give them the care they deserve. That means we always put their well-being above partisan politics. 
The Republicans in this ploy yester-
day put FOX News ahead of the welfare of the veterans community. This is, in fact, a reality. It is too bad for the vet-erans community. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 22, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 19, H.R. 
22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first 
let me say it is important that we fund the highway trust fund and that we have a long-term commitment to the infrastructure of our country—the jobs, the economy, the neighborhoods. 
I see the distinguished Senator from 
Oklahoma coming to the floor. He leads the committee that oversees transportation. He and my friend from California have put forward a 6-year authorization on policy that I think we should commend them for. I am proud to be a part of the group. Certainly Democrats have been united in saying we need a sense of urgency, we need to get beyond month-to-month highway trust fund renewals, and we need to make a commitment to a long-term ap-proach, just as every other country has done in a global economy, so that we can continue to compete and win as it relates to our roads, bridges, ports, rails, and all of the other parts of our infrastructure. What concerns me about the bill in 
front of us, though, is that, while we are on the one hand wanting to make sure we have good infrastructure for our communities, including safe roads, safe bridges, and other investments, one of the ways it is funded in this bill—and I believe strongly that we need to fix this before it moves for-
ward, and I will do whatever I can to make sure we do, along with colleagues on both sides of the aisle who care about this—is a small provision that actually takes money away from com-munities and neighborhoods working very hard to come back from blight. 
We have communities all across 
Michigan—this is called the Hardest Hit Fund. There are communities all across Michigan. I don’t have the full list in front of me right now, but I will do this off the top of my head. We have Detroit, Pontiac, Flint, Saginaw, Lan-sing, and Grand Rapids. Here is the list: Highland Park, Jackson, Inkster, Ecorse, Muskegon Heights, River Rouge, Port Huron, Hamtramck, Ironwood, and Adrian. These are all communities that are working very hard, through public sector and private sector efforts, to rebuild neighbor-hoods, to take down drug houses on a block where children are walking by on the way to school, and to rebuild with a new park or new housing. 
This is a program that has worked. In 
one of America’s great cities that have gone through a lot of challenges called the city of Detroit, there is a huge ef-fort going on right now, including pub-lic sector and private sector founda-tions. We have CEOs running towards the city of Detroit. It is really an amazing thing to see, what the private sector is doing. They are engaged in an effort to save and rebuild neighbor-hoods that can be saved by going into neighborhoods where the majority of houses are where senior citizens have lived for generations. Young couples have bought a house, but maybe there are two or three houses on a block that are empty and that are places where crime is occurring, such as drug houses. We take those down. What is happening in the city of Detroit is that home values are going up and things are beginning to turn around because of this strategy. 
Unfortunately, in this bill, monies 
that have been allocated to cities across the country in States across the country—I believe we have a list of States. States across the country have been allocated funds to fix issues, to fix houses, to rebuild neighborhoods. In this bill, money we are counting on, money that has been allocated for this purpose will be taken back. Can my colleagues imagine that? 
Here is the way this works. We have 
construction going on. Let’s say they are removing asbestos from a home or taking houses down. The contractor does the work, and the city pays the contractor and then turns the bill in to the U.S. Department of the Treasury. They are counting on the fact that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.002 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5479 July 23, 2015 
they will be paid because we, the Fed-
eral Government, have given them in writing our word that they have a cer-tain amount of dollars allocated. 
This bill, unfortunately—and I am 
hopeful that this was not done on pur-pose and that we will be able to fix this—actually says that you incur that bill from the private contractor, but we are not going to pay it anymore. It is one thing if we want to debate whether this program makes sense going for-ward, but for allocations that have al-ready been made for South Carolina, Il-linois, and Ohio—and my good friend, R
OBPORTMAN —— 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield? 
Ms. STABENOW. I will be happy to 
yield to the distinguished chairman. 
Mr. INHOFE. I have been listening. I 
say to my good friend that I am con-cerned about that. 
As the Senator from Michigan 
knows, there are several titles in this bill. I chair the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee, which is about 90 percent of the bill. But what the Sen-ator is referring to here is in the bank-ing title of the bill. 
I understand—and I can’t say this for 
certain—that there are a couple of amendments that address this. One amendment may be that of the Senator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I say 
to the chairman that Senator P
ORTMAN  
and I will have an amendment. 
Mr. INHOFE. OK, it was my under-
standing that was the case. I have checked with the leaders of the bank-ing committee, and I think they are anticipating that could happen. So I appreciate it, and I just wanted that clarification as to where that problem that you point out does exist in the bill. 
Ms. STABENOW. Thank you very 
much, Mr. Chairman, for that clarifica-tion. 
I do want to indicate very clearly 
that for communities around this coun-try, this is a big deal. This is certainly a big deal for Michigan, and I can’t in any way support any effort going for-ward unless this is fixed. It is a small amount of dollars in the larger scheme of funding this bill, and if it means that we fund the highway bill one less month rather than devastating com-munities such as Cleveland, Detroit, Flint, and cities in Illinois and South Carolina, Nevada, California, Ken-tucky, and across the country, then so be it. But I can’t be any part of some-thing that takes a huge effort and stops it in its tracks when it is so im-portant to rebuild. 
I just want to share one example of 
why this is so important. I know the chairman is waiting to speak, so I won’t be long. But I do want to show that in every rebuild community—let me just give you one story. 
In Detroit in October of 2009—this 
was in the paper—a 14-year-old girl on her way to high school was pulled be-hind a garage in a blighted neighbor-hood. In 2012, Detroit neighbors orga-
nized to try to protect schoolgirls from being assaulted on their way to school. One volunteer told the Detroit Free Press of rescuing a 13-year-old girl who was attacked in an abandoned garage. In 2012, a man who lived near Detroit looks for girls who are walking alone— girls walking to school, doing the right thing. We want them to go to school. We want them to get an education. The man abducted them at gunpoint and took them to vacant buildings and as-saulted them. One man was accused of assaulting seven women. In 2012, a young woman was pulled into an aban-doned house just two blocks from Denby High School and sexually as-
saulted—two blocks from school. She was trying to go to school when she was sexually assaulted. The Detroit Free Press interviewed an 18-year-old young woman who walked every day to school. She said she passed 88 vacant homes, and she knew other girls her age had been attacked in the neighbor-hood. This is getting fixed. This is get-ting fixed. Those buildings are coming down and in some cases what we have are landlords fixing them up. They are going in and taking back the house and rebuilding the house. People are buying homes. They are coming back into the neighborhoods. In some cases small businesses are buying these homes. 
We have rejuvenation going on like I 
have never seen before. It is dependent on the blight funds that we, through the Department of Treasury, have made available. I am not debating whether we should add more. I would love to add more. We need more funds. We need a more robust program. What I am saying is that it is outrageous if we are in a situation where there is money that cities are already counting on and spending with the private sec-tor, with neighborhoods, with church groups—everybody is involved in this— and they are in the middle of a project and they are told: You know what; the good news is we are going to fix the road in front of your house. The bad news is your neighborhood is going to fall apart because we are not keeping our commitments as it relates to blight. 
I will be speaking more as we go. I 
want to certainly yield to our distin-guished chairman. I appreciate the work of EPW, as I said earlier, in the policy. But this is critical to get done. This absolutely has to be out of this bill, and I hope it will be. I hope it will be. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, it is my 
understanding that the Senator from Indiana, Mr. C
OATS , is going to want 
some time to speak, and I am very flexible today. I just want to visit about the bill. We have so many parts of this, and I think that people have not really had a chance, and a lot of Members have not really gotten into the bill to see how far it goes and what it does. This is the sixth one of these that I 
have had since I have been here in the House and the Senate. We had one in the House first. This bill, I think, is really good. 
People forget that the last big bill we 
had was in 2005. It was a 5-year bill and it is very similar to the bill before us today. There were projects that took place that were in that bill that are now complete. In my State of Okla-homa, we had a bridge in terrible con-dition in Oklahoma City. In fact, we had a terrible accident. A lady with her three small children was driving under the bridge and concrete dropped and killed her. This has happened. I spoke yesterday about all the bridges and the problems that exist around this coun-try with all of our deficient bridges. So it is serious. 
Since 2009 we have not had a long- 
term bill. This is it. We have been oper-ating on short-term extensions. There have been a total of 33 short-term ex-tensions. On short-term extensions you can’t get anything done. You cannot have any major reforms. 
In this bill we have reforms in the 
NEPA system, the environmental sys-tem. We are giving latitude for road construction in terms of endangered species. There might be some little critter 6 feet down that some people don’t want to disturb. Anyway, we are making exceptions. So we are really going to be able to get these projects going, and this is the first time since 2009 that we are doing it the right way. 
Yesterday there were some provi-
sions about which what we have tried to do is take them one at a time to show how much daylight is in this bill so that people know how their money is being spent. Every project that is out there can now be monitored. 
What I would like to do is talk about 
the background of this. People don’t realize that this was started in 1956 by the great General Dwight D. Eisen-hower, who became the President of the United States. This Senator can say, as one of the most conservative Members of the Senate, I believe the Federal Government has grown larger and more invasive than our Founding Fathers ever envisioned, and our coun-try could benefit from a smaller and more efficient government. I have ob-served that in government, if there is a problem out there, the government comes along and starts some kind of agency to deal with the problem and then the problem goes away, but the agency continues. In fact, they become part of the problem. Right now I am having a problem with one of the big bureaucracies, the FAA, on legislation that I proposed and that we passed 2 years ago, and now we have an exten-sion of that. 
When looking at the budgets of the 
various bureaucracies—and in that case I don’t have the exact figures—it has almost doubled what it was in 1986, yet the workload is less. We have to keep in mind this is going on. This is what people are complaining about. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.003 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5480 July 23, 2015 
What they are not complaining about 
is what the Constitution says we are supposed to be doing. 
The Constitution is very clear. It 
says in article I, section 8 what we are supposed to be doing as Members of the Senate and the House—No. 1, defending America, and No. 2, building and main-taining roads and bridges. Sometimes we need to get out that old worn out document and reread it and find out that this is what this bill is all about. No one else is doing it for us. 
There are a lot of ideas that people 
have, and there are a lot of conserv-ative groups, for example, that are say-ing we need devolution. 
I will tell the Presiding Officer some-
thing that in all his infinite wisdom he doesn’t know, and that is that 20 years ago I was the father of devolution. It is more fun to stand on the steps and say all we have to do is do away with all the Federal gas taxes and move them to the States and let the States take care of these. I would suggest that some people are in States such as South Dakota where there is a lot of land and not a whole lot of people, and that just wouldn’t work. Here is the problem with that issue. In order to make devolution work—and, again, this Senator was the guy that as beau-tiful as it was on the stump, it was fun to talk about until I found out it was wrong. First of all, it is easy to repeal all the Federal taxes, but then you have to assume that all 48 States will agree to pass a tax increase, and that isn’t going to happen. I think we all know that. 
I want to mention something that is 
important, and that is to give the his-tory of this. There are two areas where I believe the Federal Government has to be involved, as I mentioned, and that are consistent with the Constitu-tion. This is both a conservative and constitutional understanding of the role of the Federal Government. Presi-dent Eisenhower’s Federal-Aid High-way Act of 1956 authorized construc-tion of a 41,000-mile national system of interstate and defense highways. This chart I have in the Chamber shows the blue lines as the original highways, and the red came along later, which is the National Highway System. So you have the Interstate Highway System and the National Highway System. The blue is the Interstate Highway System, con-sisting of 41,000 miles of highways. This is actually a map of Eisenhower’s Interstate Highway System back in 1956. 
In order to finance this massive un-
dertaking and to fund the remainder of the Federal-Aid Highway Program, the Highway Revenue Act of 1956 created the highway trust fund. That is what we have been talking about for a long period of time now. It provided that revenues from certain highway user groups be credited to the highway trust fund. 
Interestingly, I can remember when 
the biggest problem with the highway trust fund was that it had too big a surplus. It was huge. I remember the 
Clinton administration tried to take $12 billion out of the highway trust fund for another program, and they were successful. It took me 3 years to get it back. That is because it was a target that had a lot of money in it. Well, the dedicated funding mechanism provided certainty for the Federal highway program. The 13-year author-ization of the Highway Revenue Act gave the States the necessary cer-tainty to plan and construct highway projects. 
Since 1956, Congress has regularly re-
authorized the Federal-Aid Highway Program. Eisenhower’s highway act of 1956 was implemented to solve many problems we are experiencing now as our infrastructure deteriorates. 
Keep in mind that it was all built on 
a 50-year basis and that it would last 50 years. Well, that was about 70 years ago. It is beyond its maintenance pe-riod now, and that is why it is so crit-ical today. 
The act originally in 1956 was imple-
mented to solve the problems that we are experiencing now as our infrastruc-ture deteriorates. Most notably, bil-lions of dollars have been wasted on de-tours, traffic jams, and inefficiency in the transport of goods. 
Not only did Eisenhower understand 
the constitutional order as intended by the Framers, but he demonstrated the terms and conditions of the Constitu-tion in the implemented Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1956. The original prin-ciples of the Constitution and the Fed-eral-State relationship exist to ensure liberty while maintaining security. Ei-senhower was the President, but he was also a general. He was a star. He knew about the military. His original con-cern was not with the economy as much as it was with the military. This was following World War II, and he was anticipating that something else could happen. He wanted to make sure that we could move our goods and services around for military defense purposes. The principles were made operational via the interstate highway act of 1956, and this chart has the stated purpose of the act by the President. He said: ‘‘The obsolescence of the Nation’s highways presents an appalling problem of waste, danger and death.’’ 
This is a statement he made at that 
time. Unfortunately, Congress has for-gotten that passing fully funded, long- term transportation legislation is one of the unique responsibilities and has instead fallen into a pattern of passing short-term extensions. Now, I have al-ready talked about how many exten-sions have been passed since 2009—33 of them. In those extensions, you don’t get any of the reforms, you don’t have any of the opportunities to build roads cheaper and repair the bridges much cheaper. Now we can do that. 
So he said: ‘‘Adequate financing 
there must be, but contention over the method should not be permitted to deny our people these critically needed roads.’’ The need for a Federal invest-ment is dire. Just look at the current 
condition of our roads and bridges. What was once the best transportation system in the world is now rapidly de-teriorating as we struggle to maintain the existing condition of our infra-structure. Our global competitors are outpacing us in their infrastructure in-vestment. I think we have another chart on that. 
The interstate system is just as 
much about defense as it is interstate commerce: ‘‘The obsolescence of the nation’s highways presents an appall-ing problem of waste, danger and death.’’ 
This was what the President said at 
that time. He is right. The condition of our roads currently has impacted the quality of life for all Americans. Fifty- four percent of America’s major roads are rated poor or mediocre, according to the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation. 
This has become a matter of life and 
death: 32,700 Americans died in traffic crashes in 2013, with 1 of 3 fatalities re-lated to poor road conditions, accord-ing to the Federal Highway Adminis-tration. We all remember back in 2007, up in Minnesota—it got a lot of atten-tion up there at that time when they had the bridge collapse, the people who died, the people who were injured. It is something that could have been avoid-ed if we had kept up-to-date on all of our bridges. 
As I said yesterday, I talked about 
all of the bridges we have—not all of them, just some of the ones that are used more than any others. This shows the structurally deficient bridges. The darker the color the worse the bridges. There is my State of Oklahoma. You can see the entire northeast quarter of the State has a lot of the deficient bridges. 
I was talking to the Senator from 
Missouri, Mr. B
LUNT , yesterday. He 
talked about in Missouri—the problems we have in Missouri and Oklahoma. There are a lot of structurally deficient bridges in both states. The DRIVE Act is addressing that but also the very large bridges that are causing unneces-sary deaths. Our national interstate system needs to be completely recon-structed. Right now, the 47,000—this is critical here. The 47,000-mile interstate system is about 60 years old. Many of the first segments, including segments in Oklahoma and Missouri and Ken-tucky, are now well beyond their 50- year design life. 
When Eisenhower successfully passed 
the Federal-Aid Highway Act in 1956, both the House and the Senate were controlled by Democrats, while he was a Republican. The measure was met with widespread bipartisan support. There is no such thing as a Republican bridge or a Democratic road. This is something that should be blind to par-tisan politics, but nonetheless he was very active and he considered that one of his top priorities. 
In fact, during the debates in Con-
gress in 1955 and 1956, there had been no 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.005 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5481 July 23, 2015 
opposition to the interstate system. 
The DRIVE Act,that is what we are going to be voting on—we have already voted on a motion to proceed to it, so we have crossed that bridge. We are now going to be considering amend-ments. The DRIVE Act is a long-term 
investment vision with new reforms that will provide States with certainty and flexibility needed to revamp our National Highway System. 
We are going to—this is the only op-
portunity we are going to have to get this done. We are going to try to finish this bill by the end of next week. So that will be quite an undertaking. I would invite and hope that all of our Members will bring their amendments down. We will be considering amend-ments. We can’t consider them unless 
they come down. What I don’t want to happen is to be standing here begging for amendments to come down, and then 2 weeks from now, right before it comes time, find that we have to pass a procedure not to allow amendments. 
We don’t want that to happen. So we 
are saying get your amendments down here early. We know there are some of them—there has been a lot of publicity on this—that are not germane. Yet we are going to go ahead and consider them. We are going to open the amend-ment process. That is one thing I think the Republicans do better than Demo-crats because during the years the Democrats controlled this Chamber, we just had a handful of amendments at that time. We passed that 8-year record in the first month by encouraging peo-ple to bring down amendments. So I am asking the Democratic and Republican Senators to do that. 
This is going to be the most signifi-
cant bill—now that we have passed the Defense authorization bill. That is not all behind us yet. We are still meeting on that. In fact, we had a meeting this morning, but nonetheless it was passed from the committee and from the floor. Now the most important legislation that is left for the rest of the year is this bill we are talking about now. There is going to be a lot of legislation that is going to be introduced. 
In my committee, the Environment 
and Public Works Committee, a lot of people think of that, and I know the Presiding Officer is an active member of that committee. It is not just public works. It is not just roads and high-ways and bridges. The other part of it, the environment and public works, in-cludes all of the overregulation. 
Right now, if you go back to your 
States—I don’t care what State it is— and you talk to people on the streets who are in business, they will tell you the greatest problem we are having right now is overregulation by the EPA. The Environmental Protection Agency is passing regulations right now. I mean, look at the cap-and-trade legislation. That would constitute the greatest tax increase in history. Yet they tried to pass it as legislation. Now they are trying to do it as regulations. 
The waters of the United States. 
That is an issue that if you talk to your farmers—I don’t care if it is in 
South Dakota, Oklahoma, Missouri or any of the rest of the country—and you ask what is the biggest problem you are facing right now, it is nothing that is found in the farm bill. It is the over-regulation by the EPA. They will sin-gle out the waters of the United States bill or rule that they are trying to put through. I recall so vividly, just a few years ago, when two Members authored bills to take the word ‘‘navigable’’ out. I am sure there are some who have for-gotten the fact that the regulation of water in the United States has always been left to the States, except for navi-gable waters. I understand that. Even being a conservative, I understand the Federal Government needs to be regu-lating those. 
What the liberals tried to do is take 
the word ‘‘navigable’’ out so the States would have no say in the regulation that is out there. So not only did we defeat the legislation, but both Senator Feingold and Congressman Oberstar, who were the sponsors of the bill, were defeated in the next election too. We have all these things. We have endan-gered species. These are all part of this committee. So it is overregulation that is consuming most of our time. 
Repairing our roads and bridges is an 
area where everyone agrees. You have to keep in mind, this bill passed—our bipartisan bill—unanimously out of committee, not one vote against. 
I am prepared to yield the floor be-
cause I understand the Senator from Indiana is here. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I want to 
thank my colleague from Oklahoma for his recent statement. I also understand he is willing to help relieve me a little bit, as I am the next Presiding Officer. I appreciate that. I will relieve him of that responsibility as soon as I finish my remarks. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
As many know, I have, since Feb-
ruary, been coming to the Senate floor—now 18 different times—to high-light waste, fraud, and abuse within the Federal Government. The Senator from Oklahoma was talking about his committee, which he runs in such an efficient and effective way—I am par-ticularly taken with the overregula-tion under this administration. It reso-nates with me. It is killing our farm-ers. It is killing our small businesses. 
We are all for safe, sound, cost-effec-
tive regulations that address safety and health. No one is trying to undo those, but we have an agency that is running amuck with ideological deter-minations on the basis of what ‘‘they think is best’’ for the country, regard-less of what numbers come up, what impact they have—what negative im-pacts. No one has better led this effort than the Senator from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE . I thank him for that. 
But today I have come to talk about 
waste, abuse, and fraud. I have been down here 18 times since February, 
once a week. I could be down here every day. I could be down here every hour. It is astounding the amount of taxpayers’ hard-earned dollars that has to pay for what has been categorized by neutral agencies—not on a partisan basis at all—as total waste, total fraud, and total abuse. 
So here I am again, trying to do the 
best we can to make this government more effective, more efficient, and more focused on the essential things it needs to do—wiping out, eliminating the abusive use, the wasteful use, and the fraudulent use of hard-earned tax dollars. 
Today, what I would like to speak 
about relates to the so-called Afford-able Care Act. I think we found that a better title would have been the ‘‘Unaffordable Care Act.’’ But last week in the Senate Finance Com-mittee, we had the Director from GAO—a member from GAO, Mr. Bagdoyan. He is the Director of Audit Services at the Government Account-ability Office. 
It was a fascinating hearing, but he 
came to report to us about abuses that are taking place or could take place with the Affordable Care Act enroll-ment. It is amazing. I would like to go over that. His audit team—this is his job. His job is to audit the spending of taxpayer dollars. In this case, they looked at the Affordable Care Act en-rollment process. They wanted to see whether the procedures that had been agreed to, to prevent people from abus-ing this in a fraudulent way—if they had been implemented at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, CMS. 
So what they did is run an under-
cover so-called secret shopper inves-tigation to test the internal controls of healthcare.gov to review how the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices handle this new program. Particu-larly, this investigation was designed to determine how effective the admin-istration’s Federal health insurance ex-change is protecting against fraudulent applications. So it is a very narrowly focused test and a very legitimate test to see if the agreed-upon measures and criteria for qualifying to enroll in health care, the ObamaCare bill, have been put in place. 
There are millions of people who 
have selected ObamaCare plans through healthcare.gov. Eight million Americans in 34 States have selected plans, and 87 percent of those have qualified for premium subsidies. That alone adds up to tens of billions in sub-sidies each year, all coming through healthcare.gov. That is an issue in and of itself. I am not here necessarily to address that. We can address that at another time. 
But the key question was, if appli-
cants misrepresent themselves with fake facts in order to receive those sub-sidies, would the folks at healthcare.gov find those, catch them, and keep them from qualifying. Unfor-tunately, the answer is a resounding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.008 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5482 July 23, 2015 
no. The GAO, the Government Ac-
countability Office, found that 11 out of 12 fake applications received ap-proval. For this investigation, GAO created false identities and used them to apply for premium tax subsidies through the Federal health insurance exchange. They used fake documents or, in several cases, no documents at all. It was just a test. So they would learn that either those applications would be turned down or that those re-strictions which were designated—that those running healthcare.gov knew what they needed to do and did what they needed to do. 
The Centers for Medicare and Med-
icaid Services accepted 11 out of the 12, accepted the fake documents, for some didn’t even attempt to verify their au-thenticity, and as a result they en-rolled those applicants. They granted them thousands of dollars in premium tax subsidies. Specifically, CMS award-ed $30,000 in advanced premium tax credits to 11 of those 12 fraudulent ap-plicants in 2014 alone. 
As 2015 began, CMS then terminated 
coverage for 6 of those 11 fake individ-uals, noting that they had not properly registered or provided necessary docu-ments. So it seemed then that, OK, the program turned out to work and CMS finally caught on to the fact that they were issuing subsidies for fraudulent applications. Well, that optimism was very short-lived because GAO then called CMS pretending to be those indi-viduals who had been turned down, and in five of the six cases, they were able to get their coverage and subsidies re-stored without submitting any paper-work. 
The system handles millions of appli-
cations with billions of dollars of sub-sidies, and they did not design a mech-anism to identify fraud even though they had been told they were not iden-tifying the fraud and not putting the measures in place to do so. 
Part of the problem is that the law is 
so gargantuan, it is nearly unworkable. But there is no excuse for these compli-ance numbers when billions of taxpayer dollars are at stake. 
Unfortunately, the administration 
continues to measure success by the number of people who have signed up for ObamaCare. Last year, the adminis-tration rejoiced when reaching its en-rollment goal and lauded it as proof the exchanges were working just fine. However, given the results of this in-vestigation, I wonder what percentage of those enrollees were real people pro-viding real information and how many were people providing no information or false information. 
When the test revealed that 11 out of 
12—that is a pretty high percentage. You can multiply that out over what you think might be happening in the enrollment process, and there could be very substantial amounts of taxpayer money being paid in subsidies to people who do not qualify. 
Careful oversight of these programs 
for Federal benefits is of utmost impor-tance, whether it is CMS on 
ObamaCare or whether it is any other agency in government that is providing benefits to individuals. I have listed many of those in my ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ speeches. 
This government needs to—must and 
Congress must do better in terms of oversight to make sure taxpayer dol-lars are spent effectively and effi-ciently, and if not, returned to the tax-payers so they don’t have to send them here to be wasted in the first place. 
Clearly GAO used only a small num-
ber of claims, but imagine what hasn’t been looked at or identified and what those numbers would be. This is a ca-nary in a coal mine. If this isn’t an alarm bell of dysfunction, I don’t know what it is. 
Today I am not going to speculate on 
how much money has been wasted be-cause of the acceptance of false appli-cations, but I will put $30,000 of docu-mented abuse of subsidies that were paid for under the GAO investigation. So it is just a little bump on our gauge as we head toward $100 billion, and I have been told that next week’s waste of the week will take us to our goal of $100 billion. We had hoped to reach that goal by the end of this year. We are way ahead of time. And, as I said, I could come down here every day or maybe every hour, given the waste we are finding in this misuse of taxpayer money. 
I thank the Chair again for helping 
me out on the time situation. I look forward to relieving the Presiding Offi-cer in the chair. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
I
NHOFE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, we have 
so many elements of the bill that is under consideration now, the DRIVE Act. It is enjoyable to talk about it. Yesterday we talked about the trans-parency, the fact that we have a way that the public can know every dime. 
I was watching as the Presiding Offi-
cer was giving a presentation on waste in government. That is not the case here. If all government agencies had the transparency we are going to have with the DRIVE Act, where everyone is going to know on a day-to-day basis the progress of every bridge, every highway that is being done, the renova-tions, then we wouldn’t be having that problem. We are doing it right. 
You know, I look at these different 
parts of the bill. It is so big, you can talk about it for a long period of time. Yesterday we went over not all of the deficient bridges in the country but quite a few of them, and when people stop and realize that people die unnec-essarily because of deficiencies in our 
bridges—it is a serious thing. 
But one of the parts of this bill that 
people are not aware of as much as they should be is the freight section of the bill, transporting freight around. We talked about the history. We talked about the fact that the first bill that came along for a transportation reau-thorization bill back in 1956 was pri-marily for military purposes. Now we 
realize the deficiency—we are com-pared to China, compared to other countries in not keeping up our high-way system. 
Today the National Highway System 
carries more than 55 percent of the Na-tion’s highway traffic and 97 percent of the truck freight traffic. Of the 4 mil-lion miles of public roads, the National Highway System represents 5.5 percent of the Nation’s most heavily traveled miles of road. That 5.5 percent carries 97 percent of the freight. 
Americans depend on a well-main-
tained National Highway System that provides critical connections between urban and rural communities. Amer-ican businesses pay an estimated $27 billion a year in extra freight transpor-tation costs due to the poor condition of public roads, which increases ship-ping delays and raises prices on every-day products. Recognizing that it is 
the foundation of the Nation’s econ-omy and the key to the Nation’s abil-ity to compete in the global economy, it is essential that we focus efforts to improve freight movement on the Na-tional Highway System. 
You know, in all the bills—and I have 
been involved in six of these over the years—we have never really singled out freight to be addressed. Yet there is no one in here who hasn’t gone down our roads and highways and seen the con-gestion and the traffic and trucks idling here and there and everyone being late, and there is a tremendous cost to that. 
The DRIVE Act includes two new 
programs to help States deliver projects that promote the safe, effi-cient, and reliable transportation of consumer goods and products. The first new program is the National Freight Program. The National Freight Pro-gram is distributed by a formula that will provide funds to all States to en-hance the movement of goods, reduce costs, and improve the performance for businesses. 
It is kind of interesting because one 
of the good features about a transpor-tation system and the way we have been doing it with our Transportation reauthorization bill is that we rely on the States to decide what their prior-ities are. This infinite wisdom in Wash-ington where they think they know more than we know in the States is not true at all. So this is one of the rare areas where we go to States and say: Look, you guys, you decide what you think your priorities are in Indiana or in Oklahoma. So we have a formula to address that. 
The problem with that is when you 
get to moving freight, they do not have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.010 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5483 July 23, 2015 
that as a high priority because most 
freight moves through a State and they do not consider that to be a local prob-lem. They are more concerned about passenger cars. So it doesn’t appear in their priorities. Well, it does appear now. 
So we have the first new program, 
the National Freight Program, which is a different type of formula, and it addresses the movement of freight through States. The program will ex-pand flexibility for both rural and urban areas to designate key freight corridors that match the regional movement of goods on roads. It will improve the efforts to identify projects with a high return on investment through State freight plans and State advisory committees. 
The second program is the Assistance 
for Major Projects Program. It creates a competitive grant program to provide funds to major projects of high impor-tance to the community, to the region, and to the Nation. The program in-cludes a set-aside for rural areas and ensures an equitable geographic dis-tribution of funds. 
These new freight programs will only 
exist if the DRIVE Act is enacted. That is what we are talking about now—the DRIVE Act. And it will be enacted by Congress, I am very confident. 
I can’t imagine, by the way, Members 
not listening to the people back home. Right now, if you go back to any of the States—I don’t care what State it is— and you talk to the State departments of transportation, they will be listen-ing to not just the road builders and suppliers but the people who are driv-ing on the roads. It is the most popular thing in America. So I can’t imagine having the opportunity to have a 6- year program and getting justification for voting against it. 
I think it is time to be innovative 
and forward-thinking in how the Fed-eral programs use tax dollars to re-sponsibly partner with the States to improve the National Highway System, and the DRIVE Act is the answer. 
Let’s talk about Fort Lee, NJ. Here 
is the George Washington Bridge, which connects Fort Lee, NJ, to New York City. It is the second worst freight bottleneck by congestion index in the Nation. Average speed slows to 29 miles an hour. Rush hour speeds in the morning and evenings slow to below 15 miles an hour. The nearby I–95 Cross Bronx Expressway is the most congested corridor in the country. The morning southbound commute is con-sidered the worst of the worst in the country. The George Washington Bridge is the world’s busiest motor ve-hicle bridge. That is what we are look-ing at. 
Yesterday we were talking about the 
Brooklyn Bridge. Some of us here are old enough to remember the old Tarzan movies. Do you guys remember that? Do you watch the reruns? Johnny Weissmuller was his name. He had a lot of muscles and was a very strong guy. One of his movies was ‘‘Tarzan’s New York Adventure.’’ In that movie he was 
being chased around the Brooklyn Bridge. The Brooklyn Bridge was built in 1883 and here we are today and we still have the Brooklyn Bridge. Any-way, Johnny Weissmuller crawled up on the top as the cops were chasing him with guns and all that and he dived off. Every time I drive over that bridge, I think I am going to be diving off there if it collapses. 
Houston, TX, is home to 5 of the top 
20 freight bottlenecks in the Nation. Texas is home to 9 of the top 25 freight bottlenecks. Freight bottlenecks cost the freight industry in Texas some $671 million a year—that is just in Texas, the bottlenecks—and 8.8 million hours of delay. 
I–45 at U.S. 59 is ranked third by the 
congestion index. I–45 at U.S. 610 North is ranked 15. Average speed slows to 39 miles an hour. Morning and evening rush hour speeds drop way below that. 
Look at this. You can see that is a 
problem. That is why this is a very im-portant part of the bill that is before us now. 
I think we have an opportunity here. 
We have to sometimes remind people of what doesn’t work. What doesn’t work are short-term fixes or short-term ex-tensions of previous bills that were passed. The last one we passed was in 2005. It was a 5-year bill. It expired at the end of 2009. At that time we should have started another transportation re-authorization bill, but we didn’t do it. So we have had short-term extensions. 
There is a guy named Gary Ridley 
out in Oklahoma who is recognized na-tionally. He has been here testifying several times before us as a nationally recognized scholar. He really under-stands transportation. If we look at the 33 short-term extensions we have oper-ated under here in America after 2009 and before this bill, it wastes more dol-lars than a long-term reauthorization. 
I think it is important for a lot of 
people to hear this because sometimes there are rating organizations that say: Well, we are going to oppose a bill because it is a big spending bill. Sure it is a big spending bill. You know, that old, worn-out document called the Con-stitution says what we are supposed to be doing here is defending America and building bridges and roads. So that is what this is all about, and we are going to do it. But for conservative groups to say they don’t want to support this bill—they have dropped short of under-standing the fact that the alternative is to have short-term extensions, which is an irresponsible use of dollars. The conservative position is to pass a fund-ed highway reauthorization bill. 
I know a lot of people will be talking 
about devolution. I can talk about this because going back 25 years ago, at that time a guy named Connie Mack, who was a House Member and later a Senator from Florida—he and I were the fathers of devolution. You didn’t know that, did you? We are the ones who introduced the devolution bill. The idea sounded good on the stump be-cause you could say: Well, we will just 
repeal all the Federal taxes and make State taxes out of them. 
Well, it didn’t quite work that way 
because you can’t do that. If you repeal a Federal tax, then you have to pass a State tax. And how many people here are naive enough to believe that all 48 contiguous States would be willing to pass a sizable State tax increase? It is not going to happen. So that is why the National Highway System is so impor-tant. That is why Eisenhower started this back in 1956. 
I have friends up in Wyoming. There 
are very few people in Wyoming, but there are a lot of roads that are part of our National Highway System. If devo-lution occurred in Wyoming, they would have to pass a 31-cent-per-gallon gasoline tax increase in Wyoming. It is not going to happen. We know it is not going to happen. So we are not going to have a uniform system unless we do it this way. 
The opportunity we have now is the 
DRIVE Act. I know the House has made some statements that they want to do a 5-month extension. See, there we go again, another short-term exten-sion. Their reasoning, I guess, is they want to get to the year’s end and then couple that—because of the popularity of the highway bill—with some of the tax changes that are set to take place at the first of this coming year. 
So I know some of my friends—be-
cause I have talked to them over in the House—have said: Well, we want a short-term bill because we don’t think you are going to pass a long-term bill in the Senate. 
Well, when they find out we are going 
to pass a long-term bill—we are going to pass this bill—that will change things. So I look forward to that, to the opportunity to get this passed and get it passed in a timely fashion. 
By the way, we have to keep in mind 
that we are on a deadline. The deadline is the end of this month. The highway trust fund runs out of money at that time, so that is why it is important that we get this passed. 
ORDER FOR RECESS  
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. and that the time during the recess count postcloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. With that, I yield the 
floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about critical legisla-tion before the Senate regarding our Nation’s transportation regulatory framework and infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:48 Jul 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.013 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5484 July 23, 2015 
As an active member of the Senate 
commerce committee and the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, I am proud of the work my colleagues and I have done to develop a strong, comprehensive bill that keeps our Na-tion moving by making our transpor-tation system safer and more efficient, while also increasing our global com-petitiveness. As many may know, my father was the director of the Nebraska Department of Roads. Through his service—and by osmosis—I gained a deep appreciation for infrastructure projects and enabling them to move forward in Nebraska and elsewhere. 
I have spoken with families, con-
sumers, workers, and business owners all across the State of Nebraska. The message is loud and clear. Nebraskans want a long-term highway bill. Nebras-kans want to bring certainty to local projects and increase safety on the roads and highways. 
In the coming days, the Senate has 
the opportunity to provide our con-stituents with just that—a 6-year transportation bill that will help vital projects get up and running. 
The bill enhances safety, makes 
much-needed regulatory reforms, and increases investment in our Nation’s infrastructure. 
I appreciate the work that Chairmen 
T
HUNE and I NHOFE and Senator B OXER  
and their committee staff members have accomplished with the DRIVE Act. 
The DRIVE Act will reauthorize sur-
face transportation programs for 6 years—something I have long advo-cated—to provide certainty for States, businesses, families, and the traveling public. Most importantly, the bill ad-vances key provisions to ensure that local infrastructure projects in my State will move forward with a better and more defined process from the onset. 
Throughout the process of developing 
this bill, I worked with local stake-holders in Nebraska, including our State department of roads, highway builders, consultants, and transpor-tation leaders. The meaningful changes I championed will provide better co-ordination between the Federal High-way Administration and States on streamlining environmental permit-ting and review and programmatic agreement templates when initiating new infrastructure projects. 
More specifically, the bill will estab-
lish procedures, based on a template developed by the Transportation Sec-retary, allowing States, in addition to the Federal Government, to determine which State or Federal agencies must be consulted prior to beginning an in-frastructure project. 
In addition, the bill provides tech-
nical assistance to States that want to assume responsibility for reviews of categorical exclusion projects, which are a category of projects that don’t have a significant impact on the envi-ronment, triggering a less arduous level of environmental review. My provision would help States pro-
vide their own certification regarding the appropriate level of environmental review of certain projects, rather than wasting time and taxpayer dollars waiting for the Federal Government to provide the assessments. 
Given Nebraska’s challenges with 
starting and completing infrastructure projects, these elements of the DRIVE Act offer a major step forward for transportation projects in my State. I appreciate all of the input my office re-ceived from Nebraska’s transportation stakeholders on these crucial issues. 
The bill also includes major compo-
nents of a bill I introduced earlier this summer called the TRUCK Safety Re-form Act. The legislation offers impor-tant regulatory reforms to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, or FMCSA, and encourages stronger regulatory analysis, more trans-parency, and wider public participation in this regulatory process. 
The bill also provides regulatory re-
lief to agricultural producers in Ne-braska, reforms research at the Depart-ment of Transportation to reduce du-plication across the modal administra-tions, and it addresses the challenges of the CSA truck scoring program. 
I am also pleased that the bill estab-
lishes a new freight program to prioritize, increase efficiency, and lower the cost of the movement of freight imports and exports throughout our Nation. 
The freight program will help Amer-
ica’s transportation system continue to facilitate expanding U.S. trade flows. 
The DRIVE Act further incorporates 
performance-based regulations into our Nation’s transportation system. Per-formance-based measures will offer States more flexibility in meeting the goals of infrastructure-related regula-tions. 
Furthermore, the reforms to our 
transportation system will increase U.S. global competitiveness and strengthen safety on our Nation’s roads. They will also provide certainty to States and local governments, busi-nesses, consumers, workers, and fami-lies. 
Although this bill does not include 
every single provision for which I ini-tially advocated, I was willing to com-promise. I was willing to compromise for the greater good of our country’s transportation network. I truly appre-ciate Senator B
OXER ’s willingness to 
negotiate in good faith. 
I encourage all of my colleagues to 
support this essential legislation. It is time for us to address our Nation’s transportation challenges. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
THE BUDGET  
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I re-
peatedly have come down to the Senate floor to talk about our budget issues. Earlier this morning I talked about my 18th waste of the week—looking at waste, fraud, and abuse in terms of government spending and a waste of taxpayers’ dollars. 
The first 4 years of this 6-year term 
that I am enjoying and participating in, I have been consumed with the issue of our continuing deficit spending and increasing national debt. 
I was part of a group working di-
rectly with the President in an effort for many months with his top people to reach an agreement on how to address our long-term budget situation. It is no secret that under this administration the national debt has almost doubled. It is staggering to think that over the 230 or 240 years of the life of this coun-try we have gone from $10.6 trillion to now $18.8 trillion of debt. It is going to have consequences. 
As chairman of the Joint Economic 
Committee, we recently released some information entitled ‘‘Ten Things to know about CBO’s Long-Term Budget Outlook.’’ This is something we spent a great deal of time debating years ago, but it has fallen under the radar. We are obviously dealing with issues that are important. This Iran deal that has just been signed by the administration deserves intense concentration and consideration in terms of how we ad-dress it. We also have the continuing economic malaise and slow recovery from the recession. 
We have a number of issues we need 
to address, such as highway funding, health care, and so forth. These are all important issues. But underlying all of this is a fundamental issue that has not been addressed, and if it is not ad-dressed, it will have significant and ad-verse consequences for the American people, not just for future generations but even for our own generation. 
I keep trying to bring us back to this 
gorilla in the room that we ignore and keep thinking we will deal with it later. It has been passed on, and the so- called can has been kicked down the road election after election, through different Presidents and resulting in more and more negative consequences for the American people. 
Our Joint Economic Committee just 
recently released ten things we need to know about the Congressional Budget Office’s long-term budget outlook. 
No. 1, the United States cannot rely 
on borrowing forever. This is not a complex issue. If you continue to bor-row more money and don’t pay your bills, eventually the tax collector is at the door. With the tax collector being at the door, this means eventually in-vestors will demand higher and higher interest rates because we don’t have the confidence the United States is going to be able to pay its bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.007 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5485 July 23, 2015 
No. 2, mandatory spending sky-
rockets. We all have known the spend-ing for Medicare and Medicaid and en-titlements is running amok and it needs to be addressed on a long-term fix. 
No. 3, according to CBO, ‘‘The large 
amount of debt could also compromise national security by constraining de-fense spending in times of inter-national crisis or by limiting the coun-try’s ability to prepare for such a cri-sis.’’ Look at the world today. It is aflame. Yet we are cutting our defense at historically low rates of readiness in terms of dealing with this. So while the threat increases daily and is right there before us, we are slashing our spending on defense and national secu-rity because we cannot afford it due to the entitlements eating all of this up. 
No. 4, bankruptcy looms for Social 
Security. We stand here and pretend like everything is fine and everybody is going to continue to receive their So-cial Security checks, no problem. CBO projects that bankruptcy looms for So-cial Security. The report that just came out from the trustees has basi-cally said that within a relatively short period of time Social Security is going to hit bankruptcy. What does that mean? That means dramatic cuts in Social Security benefits to people who have counted on using Social Se-curity to help for their retirement or dramatic tax increases to cover the deficit. 
There is a portion of Social Secu-
rity—the Social Security disability benefits—that the trustees said is going broke next year. We are more than halfway through 2015, and CBO projects that by the end of 2016 the So-cial Security disability fund will be going bankrupt. That is what has been said here. If you don’t trust my words, read the—not my favorite newspaper but one that usually gets its facts right—the New York Times. Today’s New York Times has a major article: ‘‘Social Security Disability Benefits Face Cuts in 2016, Trustees Say.’’ I will quote a couple of items which are writ-ten in this issue: 
Eleven million people face a deep, abrupt 
cut in disability insurance benefits in late 2016 if Congress fails to replenish Social Se-curity’s disability trust fund, which is run-ning out of money. 
That statement was issued by the ad-
ministration. 
Officials expressed concern about the pro-
gram as they issued their annual report on the financial condition of Medicare and So-cial Security, which together account for 40 percent of all federal spending. 
The trustees of Social Security . . . said 
the disability trust fund would be depleted in the last quarter of 2016. After that, they said, benefits would automatically be cut by 19 percent because revenues, largely from pay-roll taxes, would be sufficient to cover only 81 percent of scheduled benefit payments. 
Folks, we have been warning about 
this for years, not doing anything about it, and we now have this report from the trustees who oversee these funds, and the report, as published by the New York Times today, says this 
thing is going broke next year and cuts will be 19 percent because we don’t have the money to pay for it. You would think the alarm bells would be sounding. You would think we would fi-nally understand we are hitting the wall on spending and that we would fi-nally step up and do something about runaway entitlement mandatory spending or everybody will end up pay-ing the price. 
I will add one more point from the 
New York Times: 
The trustees, in their report, said that the 
squeeze on the disability program was ‘‘but the first manifestation of larger financial imbalances facing Social Security as a whole, as well as Medicare.’’ 
Where is AARP? Where are the peo-
ple in retirement who say don’t touch a penny of my Social Security or Medi-care benefits, when the trustees say don’t worry, we will not have to touch a penny of it; the program is going broke on its own. 
For all of us who have been pleading 
to do something to address this issue, it is not even being talked about. Yet anybody who comes to the floor and says this kind of stuff is immediately pilloried by AARP: Oh, they are going to go off and cut our Social Security. No. It is going to automatically happen because we haven’t addressed the issue. So don’t criticize us for trying to ad-dress an issue that will cut your bene-fits by 19 percent or cause the program to go broke. Support those who have had the courage to stand and say: Folks, we have to do something about this. If you want to continue and guar-antee Social Security benefits when people retire or give them Medicare coverage when they retire and need it, something has to be done now or there will be massive cuts. That is not just a Republican or conservative standing and saying that we are spending too much money and we have to cut back on that; the trustees who oversee the programs are warning us and saying you have to do something or everybody is going to take not just a haircut but a major cut. 
A couple of other things came out on 
the budget term outlook. The Federal debt has nearly doubled since President Obama was elected. It now stands at 74 percent of the economy. The Federal debt has nearly doubled since the President was elected. What a legacy. Why in the world would a President of the United States with a responsibility to oversee the fiscal basis of what makes this country work and to com-mit to people that he will address prob-lems as they occur—if this was a pri-vate business, it would be in bank-ruptcy. Nobody would buy the stock of this business. Nobody would buy bonds of this business. Nobody would invest in this business because it is totally dysfunctional and it is totally going broke. Yet the Federal Government has printing presses down in the basement and they keep printing out dollars. That decreases their value to cover our debts, and they continue to tell people 
to go ahead and loan money to the States. We are also going to keep tak-ing your taxes, but buy our bonds and don’t worry because we are going to pay them back—not at this rate. We are heading toward the wall, we are in the crisis, and we are not doing any-thing about it. 
No. 6, and the last point. Hopefully, 
CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, made correct assumptions. Their warn-ings are based on assumptions and hopefully we will make some efforts and prevent some of this, but if they are off by just three-quarters of 1 per-centage point, it will result in a dra-matic change of raising the Federal debt from 111 percent of the economy by 2039 to 159 percent of the economy. You know who has those numbers? Greece. Japan is careening toward that catastrophe. 
If you want to see a model or exam-
ple of what happens to a country that allows its debt to run unchecked and to hit the 100-percent mark of its total economy, just take a look at what is happening in Greece. None of us wants to see that happen, but we have far too few alarm bells sounding in this coun-try because it is happening. This isn’t just Republican or conservative propa-ganda. This is the Congressional Budg-et Office. It is not Republican, it is not Democratic, it is totally neutral. It is math. It is numbers. It has nothing to do with ideology. It has everything to do with numbers that ought to be driv-ing us to deal with this issue, standing up to our constituents and saying, re-gardless of the political consequences, folks, just do the math. It is pretty simple math. If we don’t do something, everyone is going to pay the price. 
For those organizations—and I call 
out AARP—that scare people with mail and phone calls and everything else saying that they are going to cut your Social Security and take some money away from your disability benefits, that is not what we want to do. We want to guarantee what we have prom-ised to people, but if we don’t take these actions, it will automatically happen. So we need the support of ev-erybody who has concern not just about my generation, who are retiring in record numbers, but about the fu-ture for our children and grand-children. What is this country going to be if we can’t take these steps? 
I get exercised about this, and it is 
why I came back. It is one of the two main reasons I decided to run for the Senate again. I was worried about ter-rorist attacks and the nightmare of a marriage between weapons of mass de-struction and terrorist groups impact-ing our country and the world. But while we seem to be struggling to ad-dress the terror issue and having some success—at least we are aware of it on a daily basis—we are letting this fiscal crisis go by without even talking about it. I think everybody is exhausted. We have had exhausting exchanges. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.029 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5486 July 23, 2015 
have had bipartisan Democrats and Re-
publicans working together and plead-ing with the President and the White House, starting with Simpson-Bowles, which was a bipartisan effort. The Gang of 6, the Committee of 12, the supercommittee were all bipartisan ef-forts. 
I was part of the dinner group, which 
was an effort to plead with the Presi-dent to do something together to ad-dress this problem and being turned down time after time after time. Now we are sailing toward the end of this Presidency, and obviously nothing is going to be done even though the So-cial Security trust fund is going to ex-pire on the President’s watch. They will come up with some gimmick and shift some money around and so forth, thereby just putting us further in debt and kicking the can down the road. They have to cover this because politi-cally they will not allow this to hap-pen, but they will do it in a way that makes our situation even worse. 
As the President careens toward re-
tirement and his legacy, one of those legacies will be questioned by people for years and years into the future: Why didn’t we do something when we had the chance on a bipartisan basis with support from both parties? Why was the President so adamant about not doing anything to address this problem? 
Time is running out. Social Security 
disability will collapse under the Presi-dent’s leadership before he escapes at the end of 2016. You can tell how frus-trated I am, but I will keep coming down here and talking about this stuff and hopefully—well, we don’t want it to happen under a crisis. We don’t want to be days away from bankruptcy, so we move some money around in the Federal budget and so forth and so on, take it from Peter to pay Paul, put us further in debt, and then kick the can down the road. 
I feel for the next President, whoever 
that might be. They are going to get a can of worms because we didn’t do any-thing about this during this tenure. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:33 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, 
Vermonters—like many Americans— are frustrated. They are frustrated when they see short-term patches that do not make investments in our crum-bling infrastructure. They are frus-trated with seeing meaningful policy advance, while Congress bickers over how to pay for it—and at what expense to other critical programs. 
Passing a long-term authorization to 
make needed improvements to our aging roads and bridges is a matter of common sense. It is a matter of safety. And quite frankly, for us in Congress, it’s our job. 
After 11 short-term extensions over 
the course of 3 years, Congress finally approved MAP–21 in 2012. Now, two short-term extensions later and faced with another expiration deadline, we have a choice: another patch, or pass a meaningful, long-term transportation authorization that will give our States 
the ability to build and repair roads, bridges, and byways, to promote rail safety and transit, and to invest in the critical infrastructure that supports our cities and towns, enables interstate and intrastate commerce, and creates jobs for American workers. The time to pass a plan for long-term transpor-tation funding is now. 
Vermonters take great pride in our 
historic downtowns and small commu-nities. In our cities and towns, we have a culture of getting things done. We find a way to accomplish our shared goals. But, when those shared goals rely largely on a Federal funding stream that is unreliable at best, and uncertain at worst, it makes it impos-sible to double down on the invest-ments needed to keep the cars, buses, and trucks moving on our roads. We can invest in bridges and roads over-seas. We do it all the time. We decided to spend a couple of trillion dollars in Iraq. We didn’t use any offsets; we just put it on the credit card. As one Vermonter said to me back home: We spend billions upon billions of dollars to build roads and bridges over there, and then they blow them up. Why don’t we spend a little bit of that money here at home, and we will take care of those roads and bridges? 
As much as we invest in bridges and 
roads overseas, we must do so right here at home. Look at this bridge show in this picture I have in the Chamber. It is located in East Montpelier, just about 5 miles from where I was born. It was built in 1936—the year my parents were married. It is in dire need of re-pair. Weather, the sometimes very harsh Vermont climate, age, and traf-fic volume—more than 4,400 vehicles cross it per day, 10 percent of which are trucks—have led to the deterioration of the bridge. It is one of nearly 300 long and short bridges in Vermont that have been deemed structurally defi-cient. The East Montpelier Bridge re-mains open—at least for now. It will be 
replaced in 2018, with a price tag of $7.3 million, about 2 minutes’ worth of the money we wasted in Iraq. It is an issue of safety. It is an issue of economic cer-tainty. It is a commonsense invest-ment that has been delayed for too long because resources are far too scarce. I am willing to bet the same could be said of all 50 States rep-resented in this body. 
We all agree that a long-term trans-
portation bill means safe bridges, paved roads, and completed railways. But it also encourages innovative projects that incorporate public health, environmental, and social incentives. Look no further than Burlington, VT. A picturesque town nestled on the 
shores of Lake Champlain, it is home to a variety of innovative entre-preneurs and businesses, from high- tech hubs to specialty food producers. As our businesses and communities grow, Vermonters depend on safe and reliable modes of transportation to keep them connected. 
Church Street is a pedestrian-only 
street that welcomes locals and visi-tors to enjoy the many vibrant shops and restaurants. As businesses begin to sprawl beyond the limits of Church Street and settle into new homes along Pine Street, the city has invested in safe modes of travel to ensure accessi-bility. The Bike Path Rehabilitation Project and the Safe Streets Collabo-rative are projects that consider the needs of the community as a whole—ei-ther in a vehicle, on foot, or pedaling. 
Main Street—the heart of any 
Vermont downtown—is home to small businesses and services such as post of-fices, grocery stores, medical offices, and banks. In a rural State such as Vermont, investing in our infrastruc-ture extends beyond bridges and roads. It is sidewalk repair. It is establishing crosswalks. It is widening roads to pro-vide for parking, and it is installing such basic things as street lighting, refuse receptacles and landscaping. 
After many years of economic de-
cline in downtown Barre—one of our larger cities—the city’s Main Street was left with empty storefronts and lonely streets. The community intro-duced the Big Dig—a multiyear effort to revitalize Main Street and City Hall Park. With funding sourced from Downtown Transportation Grants and Federal funding sourced through the Agency of Transportation, 200 State employees were able to relocate into a new office building in the heart of downtown. 
Look at the before and after pictures. 
The differences are stark. These are the kinds of Federal investments, cou-pled with investments from States and towns, that can revitalize communities across the country. This project brought life back into Main Street. Businesses filled vacant office spaces, restaurants opened their doors, and the sidewalks welcomed locals and visitors alike. The transportation funding went beyond just improving the physical in-frastructure; it was an investment in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.031 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5487 July 23, 2015 
the health and economy of the commu-
nity. 
The highway trust fund is not just 
about infrastructure; it is about jobs— jobs that cannot be shipped overseas. 
Earlier this year, I met with Jeff 
Tucker, the president of Dubois & King. D&K is a Vermont owned and based consulting engineering firm which employs 100 people, including about 80 Vermonters. Jeff’s frustration was clear: short-term highway trust fund extensions paralyze the ability of States and municipalities to plan. Jeff’s company provides high quality engineering jobs with an average an-nual salary of over $71,000. These jobs come with full benefits—health care, paid vacation, sick and holiday paid time off and retirement packages. 
A significant portion of his business 
includes transportation-related engi-neering projects that originate from the Vermont Agency of Transpor-tation. The Vermont Agency of Trans-portation creates a statewide plan based on the State’s known Federal transportation funding share—some-thing the agency has not been able to count on in a long time. There are thousands more examples of businesses around the country hampered in the same way. In a State like Vermont, a short-term construction season paired with a short-term funding stream is a terrible combination, for both the State and the companies that provide these services. 
Now the Senate is debating how to 
move forward with a long-term invest-ment in our roads and bridges and rail-ways. It is an important debate. There is a lot about this policy proposal that I support. I share the concerns, how-ever, of many that it will undermine the safety of riders, bikers, and pedes-trians. 
The policy is not perfect, but how we 
pay for it should also be considered. The highway trust fund has been sup-ported for the most part by a user-fee driven system. Our roads and byways need our attention, but a long-term ex-tension of this authorization, paid for by robbing from other critical pro-grams, is as unsustainable as a net-work of short-term patches. 
America is starving for real, certain 
infrastructure investment. The high-way trust fund cannot limp forward on a continued series of short-term exten-sions. Our country’s progress is being stalled, and it is time we start building for our future. 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS  
Mr. President, last week the junior 
Senator from Arkansas objected to a request to vote on any of the five nomi-nations to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims. They have been waiting for 10 months for a vote. He did not want to debate the merits of any of these emi-nently qualified nominees. I think the junior Senator is dusting off the Re-publican playbook from the last Con-gress to try to do to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims what he could not do to the DC Circuit. The caseload statistics of the U.S. 
Court of Federal Claims—as in other courts—have increased and decreased at various times. This does not mean that one Republican should be per-mitted to put up a wholesale blockade of nominees to a specific court pre-venting every single one of them from being considered on their merit by the full Senate. Furthermore, in contrast to the assertions made by the junior Senator for Arkansas, the number of new cases filed with the court since 2007 has actually increased by 13.4 per-cent. 
Early in the last Republican adminis-
tration, there was discussion about the caseload of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, but no Senate Republican voiced concern then. In fact, during the Bush administration, the Senate con-firmed nine judges to the CFC—with the support of every Senate Repub-lican. Only three CFC judges nomi-nated by President Obama have re-ceived confirmation votes. This is the 
same double standard that Senate Re-publicans tried to apply to President Obama’s D.C. Circuit nominees, when they filibustered and refused to permit any of President Obama’s three pend-ing D.C. Circuit nominees from receiv-ing a vote last Congress. 
Not a single Republican on the Sen-
ate Judiciary Committee raised a con-cern about the CFC’s caseload either during the committee hearings on these nominations last year or during the committee debate last year or this year. In blocking these five nominees, the junior Senator from Arkansas ig-nores the Senate Judiciary Commit-tee’s unanimous votes on these nomi-nations in 2014 and again this year. He also disregards the chief judge who speaks on behalf of the entire court and the five past presidents of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims Bar Associa-tion who have urged the Senate to fill these vacancies. 
In 2003, the now-chairman of the Sen-
ate Judiciary Committee engaged in a debate on the caseload of this court. He said then: ‘‘I feel it is unfair to these Court of Federal Claims nominees to deny them a seat by bringing up this point at this late date.’’ I hope that the junior Senator from Arkansas will heed these words and remove his objection to an up or down vote on these nomi-nees. If he personally does not believe these judges need to be confirmed, he can certainly vote against them. 
The fact is that all five of these 
nominees are impeccably qualified. One of the nominees, Armando Bonilla, would be the first Hispanic judge to hold a seat on the court, but the junior Senator from Arkansas objected. The nominee is strongly endorsed by the Hispanic National Bar Association and has spent his entire career—now span-ning over two decades—as an attorney for the Department of Justice. He was hired out of law school in the Depart-ment’s prestigious Honors Program, and has risen to become the Associate Deputy Attorney General in the De-partment. Another nominee, Jeri Somers, re-
tired with the rank of lieutenant colo-nel in the U.S. Air Force, but the jun-ior senator from Arkansas objected. The nominee spent over two decades serving first as a Judge Advocate Gen-eral and then as a Military Judge in the U.S. Air Force and the District of Columbia’s Air National Guard. In 2007, she became a Board judge with the U.S. Civilian Board of Contract Appeals and currently serves as its vice chair. 
Mr. Bonilla and Ms. Somers are just 
two of the five nominees being blocked from consideration by one Senator. Both of them have dedicated the ma-jority of their careers in service to our Nation. They deserve better than the treatment they are receiving from this Senate. I urge the Senate majority leader to move to confirmation votes on these well qualified nominees with-out further delay. 
Since President Obama was sworn in 
as President of the United States, I am afraid Republicans have made it their priority to obstruct nominations put forward. 
More than half a year into this new 
Congress, the Republican leadership has scheduled votes to confirm only five judicial nominees. Let me contrast that with the last 2 years of President George W. Bush’s tenure. Democrats had taken over the Senate majority. If we treated Republican President Bush that way the new Republican Senate majority is treating Democratic Presi-dent Obama only five judges would have been confirmed by today in 2007. Instead, we confirmed 25 district and circuit court judges by July 23, 2007. 
Let me say that again because I want 
to make it clear that we would not play politics with judges because they are supposed to be outside of politics. By this time in the last 2 years of President Bush’s term, when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, we had moved 25 judges through the process to confirmation. Today’s Re-publican leadership has allowed only five of President Obama’s judicial nominees to be confirmed. 
In the last 2 years of President 
Bush’s tenure the Democratic majority moved 68 district and circuit judges through the process to confirmation. And today, we find Republicans object-ing to even considering highly quali-fied men and women to these judge-ships. In the last 2 years of the Reagan term a Democratic majority confirmed 85 judges. 
Twenty-five by this time in 2007, 68 in 
all during the last 2 years of President Bush’s term. Only five for President Obama. Seventeen by this time in the last 2 years of President Reagan’s term, 85 in all. Only five for President Obama. 
You know all this does is politicize 
the Federal judiciary. They are an independent branch of government. The Senate ought to be confirming them. Let’s not have a double stand-ard. We made it clear we would not do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.083 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5488 July 23, 2015 
that with President Reagan and Presi-
dent Bush. We shouldn’t do it with President Obama. 
It is up to the majority leader and 
the Senate Republicans to demonstrate that they are not applying a double standard that is solely driven by who occupies the White House. The Senate should be confirming these long de-layed U.S. Court of Federal Claims nominees and then proceeding to nine other judicial nominees pending on the Senate Executive Calendar. 
I see my good friend on the floor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise to 
talk about a very important amend-ment that Senator F
EINSTEIN and I will 
be offering to the transportation bill when we move to consideration. That vote may be around 2 a.m., and then the clock will tick. But then at some point on Sunday, I am hoping that we will begin the process of considering amendments and, chief among them, should be the Feinstein-Wicker amend-ment to the bill regarding truck-length increases. Our amendment would au-thorize the Secretary of Transpor-tation to require a truck size-and- weight study before promulgating a rule to increase the minimum length limitation for trucks. 
Now I show to my colleagues and I 
show to the Presiding Officer a poster. What I am showing is a picture, a drawing of what we call twin 33’s. This is the tractor trailer. Here is a 33-foot trailer, and here is another 33-foot trailer tacked on to the back of that. So twin 33’s are long trucks—longer than is allowed in 39 States. 
So far we have let the States make 
the decision about whether to accept these, and some 39 of our Federal States have decided: No, we don’t want trucks this long with the twin 33 trail-ers on them in our States. 
Our amendment would accept that 
decision on the part of the States. Our decision would allow those 39 States to continue to make that decision. Of course, the States that want trucks that long can make that decision themselves. 
Why are we having to offer such an 
amendment on this highway and trans-portation bill? Because the Appropria-tions Committee, by a very close mar-gin of some 16 yeses and 14 noes, has decided otherwise. Unless we act as a Senate, that legislation on the appro-priations side of things will go forward and will become the law of the land, telling 39 States that they cannot make their own decisions on twin 33’s. 
So we would allow the States to con-
tinue to make this decision while the Secretary of Transportation promul-gates a full rule to increase the min-imum length limitation. 
I will tell you that preliminary infor-
mation from the U.S. Department of Transportation indicates that we don’t need to go to mandatory twin 33’s. The U.S. Department of Transportation has concluded there should be no change to 
the current maximum truck length limit allowed on Federal highways. 
Their preliminary report goes on to 
say: ‘‘The Department finds that the current data limitations are so pro-found that no changes in the relevant laws and regulations should be consid-ered until these data limitations are overcome.’’ So that is the counsel of the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation. 
I will say that I am not always bound 
by what the Federal departments say. As a matter of fact, I would stress that decisions are better made by the States and State legislators, Governors, and transportation commissions, but I do think it is instructive that even these people at the Federal level are coun-seling against this idea of a Federal mandate to all 50 States that they must move to the twin 33’s. So that is the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation. 
Why is R
OGER WICKER from Mis-
sissippi on the floor advocating for fed-eralism and advocating for States making their own decisions, basically advocating against a Federal mandate for these long trucks? 
I will tell you. I started hearing from 
folks. When this issue came before the Appropriations Committee, a group of people rose up and said: What are you doing? What are you thinking, man-dating this to all 50 States without their consent? 
So who is for the Feinstein-Wicker 
amendment and opposed to mandatory twin 33 trucks in all of our States? I will tell you who is opposed to it—ad-vocates for highway and auto safety. AAA knows a little something about getting around the United States of America. AAA is for the Feinstein- Wicker amendment. The National Troopers Coalition knows a little something about safety on the high-ways. They are opposed to mandatory twin 33’s. 
I will also tell you it is very inter-
esting that as for the Mississippi Trucking Association, you would think every trucker would want to be for this, make more money, and get to haul more stuff. The Mississippi Truck-ing Association contacted our office and said: We don’t want this. Senator W
ICKER , other Members of the Senate 
and the House, oppose this Federal mandate that is about to come out of the Appropriations Committee and pass the Feinstein-Wicker amendment. The Mississippi Trucking Association is for our amendment and against twin 33’s, along with a host of other truck-ing associations from east to west and from north to south. 
I will tell you who else is opposed to 
mandatory twin 33’s: the Mississippi Sheriffs’ Association and a host of other States’ sheriffs associations and the Mississippi Association of Chiefs of Police and a host of other State asso-ciations of chiefs of police. 
Did I mention that the Illinois State 
Senate unanimously passed a resolu-tion in support of what the Feinstein- 
Wicker amendment would do and op-posed mandatory twin 33’s. The Illinois State Senate unanimously passed this resolution saying to the Congress: Leave it up to the State of Illinois. We know what is best for our State when it comes to infrastructure. We know what is best for our State when it comes to the safety of our citizens. 
So it is people such as them. The 
Mississippi Transportation Commis-sion, or MDOT, has passed a unanimous resolution asking us to oppose twin 33’s on a mandatory basis. 
Why are people so opposed to these? 
They haul a whole lot more. Obviously, some people would make a lot more money if they could have this much area in their trailers to haul things. So why are people opposed to it? 
Well, they are concerned about—for 
one thing—wear and tear on our Na-tion’s infrastructure. We are going to pass a bill, I hope, in a few days and send it over to the House. We hope we get it sent to the President on a bipar-tisan basis, and we want to build some more highways. We want to strengthen our bridges. Everyone within the sound of my voice knows we need to do that. It is a question of how to come up with the money, but the last thing we need to do is to authorize—not authorize, mandate—something that is going to cause more wear and tear and that 39 States don’t want because of the wear and tear. 
Also, estimates are that this forced 
mandate, if it comes from Washington, DC—if the Feinstein-Wicker amend-ment or something like it doesn’t pass—will cost about $1.2 billion to $1.8 billion per year in additional funding because of the pavement damage. It just doesn’t stand to reason that you can mandate this sort of additional truck length on the highways without more damage to the highways. It makes sense, and we have statistics to prove it. 
Also, it is a matter of public safety. 
I will tell you that not every interstate in my State of Mississippi is exactly straight and narrow. We have some hills, and we have places where the curves are less desirable than I would like them to be. We are told that stop-ping distances are going to increase if we mandate this sort of thing on the 50 States. There are longer stopping dis-tances for double 33’s than the truck configuration we currently have on the roads in the United States of America. The double 33 trailers in some studies took 22 feet longer to stop than the current double 28’s with normal oper-ating brakes. 
I have four grandchildren in Mis-
sissippi. I have two daughters with small children, two sons-in-law in Mis-sissippi, and they are driving up and down these highways. I would just as soon they not have to compete on the roads, on those curves. 
On Waterworks Curve in Jackson, 
MS, I would rather my three grand-children not be in a van with a twin 33 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.002 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5489 July 23, 2015 
trying to pass them. I just don’t think 
it is safe for my children and my grandchildren, and the State govern-ments in 39 States apparently agree. If they decide they disagree, they have that right. 
Also, I think that Senator F
EINSTEIN  
and I, with our amendment, are stand-ing up for small business. Do you know who can afford a twin 33 tractor-trailer rig, double 33’s? The big guys. The big companies. You know their names. They can afford to do this. And cer-tainly one can understand why they would think it would be better for their business. 
But I will tell you there is a reason 
why the Mississippi Trucking Associa-tion is opposed to this. They do not have the money to convert to a bunch of twin 33 double trailers. They would rather not do this. As a matter of fact, this Federal mandate—if Congress de-cides to do this, and I certainly hope we don’t; I hope we don’t think we are so smart we can mandate this on 50 States—is going to put some small truckers out of business. That is why the Mississippi Truckers Association passed a resolution. That is why they have contacted me. 
And I will tell you this, Mr. Presi-
dent. While the American Trucking As-sociation says they are for these twin 33’s, the individual members of the ATA—the American Trucking Associa-tion—have come to me and said: Thank you, Senator W
ICKER , for standing up 
for our interests because we are small businesses and we can’t afford to get in this competition. It will run us out of business to have to go out and make a capital investment. 
I would also make an argument just 
in the name of federalism. There is a reason we have 50 States. And, you know, my Republican Party won an election in November and we won con-trol of this body. One of the things we have said as Republicans is that we don’t think all the wisdom resides here in Washington, DC. We don’t like a lot of Federal mandates; we like States making decisions. 
We made a bold statement last week 
that States should make their own de-cisions and school boards locally should make their own decisions with regard to education. I voted for that. I applaud that. It didn’t go as far as many on this side would have perhaps wanted, but we made a strong state-ment that we wouldn’t have a national education school board policy; we would move more of the decision-making back to the States. So why on Earth, a week and a half or 2 weeks later, would we make a decision here in Washington, DC, that we know more about how to take care of infrastruc-ture; that we know more about truck lengths and more about safety for our children and grandchildren here in Washington, DC, than State legisla-tures do? I just don’t think we will do that. 
I urge my colleagues, while we have 
some time to debate, to get down to the floor. Let’s talk about this issue. 
We will be standing in quorum calls and recesses subject to the call of the Chair for perhaps most of this week-end. We have time to debate this issue now and for the few moments it takes Sunday or Monday or Tuesday or whenever we actually vote on this. We are entitled to a vote, Mr. President, on this germane amendment. And this is germane. It is not something extra-neous, dealing with social issues or Planned Parenthood or any number of nongermane issues that I am sympa-thetic with. This is a transportation issue. It is germane to the bill. The Senate needs to work its will on this issue. It needs to go over to the House and they need to work their will. 
I think that once we think about 
this, I would say to the Presiding Offi-cer and to the rest of my colleagues, we will make the decision that we ought to leave this issue up to the States. There is a reason 39 States don’t want to do this, in their considered opinion. We ought to respect that decision. We ought to do it in the name of fed-eralism, in the name of the States hav-ing the right to do things a little dif-ferently in each State if they want to, in the name of safety, in the name of infrastructure, and in the name of fair-ness. 
I thank Senator F
EINSTEIN for join-
ing with me on this bipartisan amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues, when the time comes—after the brief debate on the floor on this issue has oc-curred—to vote yes in favor of the Feinstein-Wicker amendment. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor to my 
friend. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
(The remarks of Mr. M
ERKLEY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1858 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Kansas. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I call 
up the Roberts amendment for consid-eration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is on a motion to proceed. Amend-ments are not in order. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, when 
it is in order and I call up the Roberts amendment for consideration, I will thank my colleagues Senators A
LEX-
ANDER , BURR, CORNYN , COTTON , GARD-
NER, R ISCH, S ASSE, B OOZMAN , and 
TILLIS for joining me on this amend-
ment. 
Today we ask our fellow colleagues 
to stand with us to protect the U.S. economy from $3.2 billion in retalia-tory tariffs being applied to our ex-ports to Canada and Mexico every year—every year. 
A recent ruling from the World Trade 
Organization found, for the fourth and final time, that our Country of Origin Labeling Program for meat—or what the acronym says is COOL, to which it is often referred—that this labeling program violates our trade agreements 
with our two closest trading partners. 
This debate isn’t about the merits of 
a particular labeling program or our opinions about how our beef or pork or chicken should be sold. No, this debate is about a simple fact, and facts are stubborn things. 
Whether you support COOL or wheth-
er you oppose COOL, the fact is that retaliation is coming unless the Senate acts to stop this program that the WTO has found to be discriminatory. 
Over the years, this body has at-
tempted many times to craft a work-able COOL Program for all stake-holders while still living up to our international trade obligations. Con-gress, through directives in the 2002 farm bill and the 2008 farm bill, re-quired the establishment of COOL for meat. Through regulations issued in 2009 and revised in 2013, the Depart-ment of Agriculture made several at-tempts to implement a workable and WTO-compliant COOL Program. How-ever, as I mentioned earlier, again and again the WTO ruled in favor of Canada and Mexico. On four occasions—four— our trade regulator ruled that the U.S. policy did not live up to our inter-national trade obligations and dis-advantaged our best trading partners, Canada and Mexico. 
Some have suggested we should sal-
vage this labeling program by once again making more changes. However, simply changing certain aspects of the program will not prevent the $3.2 bil-lion in retaliation from damaging our economy. Don’t take my word for it. Here is a statement, issued just today, from the Canadian Government, which will determine whether retaliation on U.S. products will take effect in the near future: ‘‘The only acceptable out-come remains for the United States to repeal COOL or face $3 billion in an-nual retaliation.’’ 
I have worked with many of my col-
leagues over the years and over the last few weeks to craft a solution that meets the needs of all stakeholders. However, after all of our work, it is clear that to protect our economy—to ensure Canada and Mexico drop their pursuit of retaliation on U.S. exports— we must first take up the House-passed bill repealing COOL, a bipartisan bill that received 300 votes in the House of Representatives. 
The damages Canada and Mexico are 
seeking are immense—over $3.2 billion in sanctions on U.S. products is prob-able if we do not repeal COOL—and these are not just agriculture products in the crosshairs. Products including beef, pork, cherries, and ethanol—re-peat, and ethanol—wine, orange juice, jewelry, even mattresses, furniture, and parts for heating appliances are just some of the targets of Canadian re-taliation. Mexico has yet to finalize their list, but we expect it to be just as damaging. 
California alone has $4 billion in ex-
ports to Canada at risk. Florida, Illi-nois, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.086 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5490 July 23, 2015 
Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, 
Texas, Washington, and Wisconsin each have roughly $1 billion in exports from their State at risk from the Canadian retaliation alone. 
I remind my colleagues that again 
today Canada released a statement in response to legislation authored by others that reaffirmed their position: ‘‘The U.S. Senate must follow the lead of the House of Representatives and put forward legislation that repeals COOL once and for all.’’ 
Now, I must emphasize to my col-
leagues that retaliation is fast ap-proaching and the responsibility sits squarely on our shoulders to avoid it. Regardless of what farm groups, the Department of Agriculture, or the USTR say or regardless of what some Members would like, Canada and Mex-ico—and only Canada and Mexico— have the ability to halt retaliation. 
So this takes me back to the begin-
ning of my statement: It doesn’t mat-ter if you support COOL or if you op-pose COOL, you cannot ignore the fact that retaliation is imminent and that we must avoid it. 
Repeal of mandatory COOL is nec-
essary to protect the U.S. economy from damaging sanctions, and our amendment will accomplish just that. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt the 
amendment. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the ‘‘State-ment from Ministers Ritz and Fast on Senator S
TABENOW ’s Proposed Bill to 
amend U.S. Country of Origin Label-ling (COOL)’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
(From Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, 
July 23, 2015] 
STATEMENT FROM MINISTERS RITZ AND FAST 
ONSENATOR STABENOW ’SPROPOSED BILLTO 
AMEND U.S. C OUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING  
(COOL) 
(By Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz and 
International Trade Minister Ed Fast) 
Senator Stabenow’s (COOL) 2.0 fails to ad-
dress Canada’s concerns and would continue to undermine our integrated North American supply chains. By continuing the segregation of and discrimination against Canadian cat-tle and hogs, Senator Stabenow’s measure will harm farmers, ranchers, packers, retail-ers and consumers on both sides of the bor-der. This is contrary to successive World Trade Organization (WTO) decisions that have clearly ruled in Canada’s favor. 
The U.S. Senate must follow the lead of 
the House of Representatives and put for-ward legislation that repeals COOL once and for all. 
The only acceptable outcome remains for 
the United States to repeal COOL or face $3B in annual retaliation. Canada will continue to stand up for the 
rights of our cattle and hog producers to en-sure this harm is ended and to restore the value of our highly integrated North Amer-ican livestock market. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise in 
strong support of the DRIVE Act. I commend Chairman I
NHOFE and Rank-
ing Member B OXER for their bipartisan 
work on this bill that passed out of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee with a unanimous vote. 
A long-term highway solution such 
as the DRIVE Act will provide our States with the certainty they need to advance major road and bridge projects. Passing a 6-year bill would be a great achievement for this Congress, especially in the context of our recent history, and I am hopeful we will seize this opportunity. 
Several years ago, as a member of 
the House Transportation Committee, I strongly supported the last long-term highway bill that helped support major roads in West Virginia and around the country. 
The 2005 highway bill was extended 10 
separate times—10 times—between 2009 and 2012. During that period, States were only assured Federal funding for a period of weeks or months, making lasting improvements to our highway infrastructure difficult, and it shows. 
As we saw between 2009 and 2012, sev-
eral short-term extensions resulted in fewer and more costly fixes. In 2012, we passed MAP–21 to reauthorize the high-way program for 2 years. I served as a conferee on that legislation. 
MAP–21 was a strong bipartisan 
achievement that included a number of important reforms to streamline project delivery and help States com-plete their projects more efficiently and economically, but ultimately MAP–21 was a 2-year bill. 
Since MAP–21, we have had more of 
the same: short-term extension after short-term extension. The recent his-tory shows how significant this oppor-tunity we have is. We have before us a bipartisan, fiscally responsible bill that will provide the certainty our States need to improve the Nation’s highway system for several years. 
I am encouraged by the bipartisan 
vote we saw last night to move to de-bate, and I hope my colleagues will continue to work together to drive that DRIVE Act into law. 
West Virginians rely heavily, as do 
most people around the country, on roads, bridges, and highways to fuel our economy, to access hard-to-reach places in our State, to get to and from work, and to transport goods and serv-ices. West Virginians understand the 
need for a long-term highway bill. Nearly one-third of our State’s major roads are currently in poor condition. 
The Federal Highway Administration 
has listed 960 West Virginia bridges as structurally deficient. We have quite a few bridges in our State because of our beautiful mountains. 
The DRIVE Act will increase funding 
for maintaining and repairing these bridges. The bill prioritizes mainte-nance of our major roads, helping to address the current state of disrepair on highways across this country. 
This is a statistic of which, quite 
frankly, I was jarred by the number. Each West Virginia motorist pays an average of $575 a year in extra mainte-nance costs due to the poor road condi-tions. The DRIVE Act will help our States address maintenance and repair, meaning safer and less costly trips for our drivers, but the biggest thing is the certainty that comes from a long-term highway bill. It is important for not only the maintenance aspect, but it is most important to advance new projects. Large highway projects are expensive multiyear endeavors. 
States can’t plan for the future based 
on funding commitments for a week or a month. Whether the issue is relieving congestion and improving access to rural communities to fuel economic de-velopment or moving freight across the country, the DRIVE Act will help the most important projects move forward. 
In West Virginia, U.S. Route 35 in 
Putnam and Mason Counties is one of our most critical projects. It is an im-portant freight link for the goods mov-ing from the Southeast to the Midwest, but it has been two lanes for a very long time. It was one of the most dan-gerous roads that interstate truck traf-fic shared. 
Thanks in part to the 2005 bill I 
talked about, the majority of Route 35 is now a four-lane highway, and our State efforts to complete the remain-ing 14 miles are well underway, but the DRIVE Act will aid efforts to get that project across the finish line. It will also help us build Corridor H for resi-dents in Central and Eastern West Vir-ginia, an important part of the Appa-lachian Development Highway System. When this road is completed, it will link counties in Central West Virginia with the Interstate 81 corridor, improv-ing safety and providing economic de-velopment opportunities for our com-munities. 
Whether it is Route 35, Corridor H, 
the King Coal Highway, Coal Fields Ex-pressway or other high-priority projects across our State, States need that certainty that is going to come from a dedicated Federal investment to move forward. That is what a long- term highway bill does while creating jobs for our construction workers. 
According to the Contractors Asso-
ciation of West Virginia, construction and employment in my State fell by 11.3 percent between November of 2013 and November of 2014. That is 1 year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.041 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5491 July 23, 2015 
Passing a highway bill that supports 
investment in our roads and bridges will put these men and women back to work. 
Reauthorizing our highway program 
for 6 years would be reason enough, in my opinion, to strongly support the DRIVE Act. I want to highlight an-other part of this bill that is important to my State. It reauthorizes the Appa-lachian Regional Commission through 2021. West Virginia is the only State whose boundaries fall entirely within the commission’s boundaries. 
Earlier this year, the commission 
marked its 50th anniversary of leading efforts to fight poverty and improve the quality of life in the Appalachian region. Over that period, poverty in the Appalachian region has been cut in half, and the percentage of residents over 25 with college degrees has nearly tripled, but there is much more work to be done. 
The DRIVE Act authorizes a 
broadband deployment initiative through the ARC to help increase ac-cess to high-speed internet—a problem in rural America—in support of dis-tance learning, telemedicine, and busi-ness development. 
Reauthorizing the ARC and bringing 
broadband to small, economically dis-tressed communities will help bring jobs to West Virginia. The ARC pro-vides important support for health care, education, and infrastructure pro-grams, and I am pleased the DRIVE Act will allow the commission to con-tinue its efforts for the next 6 years. 
Now is the time to move our trans-
portation system forward and meet the needs of our growing population, en-sure safety for travelers, and promote growth in areas that struggle economi-cally. The Senate has the opportunity to make a real and positive difference for all Americans by passing the DRIVE Act. 
I ask my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support this important leg-islation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, as we 
have been talking about fixing our Na-tion’s infrastructure, I want to raise a concern I had with one of the potential ways in which we are talking about paying for it. That is by using funds out of what is called the Hardest Hit Fund. 
Over the years, I have worked in my 
State of Ohio and around the country to help deal with this issue of aban-doned homes. We are all concerned about communities that have blighted properties because they tend to be magnets for crime, for drugs, and for other illegal activity. It turns out that one of the best ways to increase home values in some of the blighted neigh-borhoods around our country and in my home State of Ohio is to actually take these abandoned homes, tear them down, and have that property be used for other purposes, whether it is new development, a community garden or whether it is simply razing the prop-
erty to ensure that homes in the neigh-borhood are not affected negatively by those home values going down. 
There is a lot of information out 
there about this now because many States have become active in doing it, and it appears it is working. In other words, home values are increasing, sometimes dramatically, by taking down these blighted properties. I think, perhaps inadvertently, Members of this body who are looking at ways to pay for the highway trust fund extension decided that the Hardest Hit Fund was the place to look. There is no question there has been a GAO report about some aspects of this fund and how it has been used, where there might be need for reform, maybe significant re-form, but this one area of dealing with blighted properties is one we need to be very careful with. 
Main Streets across our country are 
looking to us right now in the U.S. Senate to ensure that we don’t over-reach, and trying to find funding for in-frastructure, in effect, creates more problems in those neighborhoods. In my home State of Ohio, we have nearly 80,000 dangerous abandoned homes. One of the best things that you can do to address public safety in tumbling home values in those neighborhoods is to de-molish these structures. By the way, some of the data that we have from cit-ies in my home State of Ohio says they cost neighbors up to 80 percent of their value. 
We have also seen that first respond-
ers sometimes are at risk when these homes are subject to arson and other crimes. Sadly, we lost a firefighter in one of these homes in Ohio because of arson. 
I remember touring some of these 
abandoned homes in Toledo, OH, where I got to witness one of the homes being torn down. I have done the same thing in Warren, OH, and I have done the same thing in other communities around our State. I have done the same thing in Toledo with the mayor. As we were talking to neighbors, I asked the neighbor who was right next to one of the homes being torn down, how do you feel about this? She said what other neighbors have told me on other oppor-tunities that I have had to go into these communities and talk about abandoned homes. She said: Well, it will be better because there is less blight and there is less crime. We have a concern because this abandoned home is being used by drug dealers. But she also said: You know, R
OB, I live right 
next to this home. There are only a few feet that separated these two homes. She said: I have three kids at home. Every night when I went to bed, I was worried about what might happen, that an arsonist would light this home on fire, as has been done throughout the city of Toledo and other cities with abandoned homes, and that my kids would be at risk. 
This is something that is working. I 
am concerned that if we do not take this into account as we look at how to 
pay for this infrastructure bill, we will make the situation worse rather than better. 
One way we are getting at this in my 
home State of Ohio and around the country is land banks. In some of the 
hardest hit States, manufacturing States like Ohio and Michigan got to work attacking this issue. The re-sources they need to demolish these properties in order to help struggling neighborhoods recover come in part from the Hardest Hit Fund. 
In Ohio we now have 24 land banks. I 
think there are six more in formation. By the end of the year, we expect to have at least 30 county land banks in Ohio. 
After visiting some of these neigh-
borhoods that are impacted by these homes and walking the streets with local officials in 2013, I authored a bill called the Neighborhood Safety Act. It was a companion bill to a bipartisan House effort that was led by some Ohio Members of Congress, including D
AVE 
JOYCE , M ARCY KAPTUR , and M ARCIA  
FUDGE . Our legislation called for the 
Hardest Hit Fund to be used for demo-lition purposes. 
After we pushed for this and pushed 
aggressively, this important change was made. It provided nearly $66 mil-lion to my State of Ohio to deal with these thousands of abandoned homes we talked about. I know the State of Michigan also received a significant part of the Hardest Hit Fund for these purposes, as did other States. Again, I am concerned about this potential pay- for in the legislation that could take away some of these funds, which are critical for doing this important work. I have been in touch with the land banks in Ohio. I am talking to the Ohio Housing Finance Agency to determine what is the best path forward to pro-tect these funds. We are working right now with the committee leadership to see if we can modify the language in the underlying bill. I know it is some-thing that is a concern to Senator S
TA-
BENOW because I spoke to her about it 
earlier today, as well as my colleague from Ohio Senator B
ROWN . 
I don’t know what we are going to do 
going forward. We may need to offer an amendment to change the language. I am hopeful we can have this be part of a managers’ amendment. Again, deal-ing with these abandoned, blighted homes is a public safety concern. It is a huge concern for local officials, local officials in my home State whom I have talked to, been on the streets with, but also local officials across our country. We have to protect these 
funds for the communities that so des-perately need them. 
I wish to particularly thank a friend 
back home, Jim Rokakis, director of the Thriving Communities Initiative at the Western Reserve Land Conser-vancy. He has done excellent work highlighting issues in Ohio and has helped to bring people together. 
I hope we will be able to resolve this 
issue in a managers’ amendment, but if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.044 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5492 July 23, 2015 
not, I do intend to offer an amendment, 
and I hope that amendment can be sup-ported on a bipartisan basis to ensure that we are not, perhaps inadvertently, taking away this tool that we are using every day to make our neighborhoods safer and to improve home values for the people we represent. 
The final point I wish to make about 
the underlying legislation is that it also includes very important language that reforms our regulatory system— 
specifically, our permitting system. For years now, people have been talk-ing about the fact that America is a place where it is hard to building some-thing. In fact, it has gotten to the point that one international survey that is widely respected has said that America has fallen to No. 41 in the world in terms of the ease of doing business as it relates to green-lighting a project. Think of a commercial build-ing, road or bridge being built or an en-ergy project, whether it is solar, wind or oil and gas. 
What we are finding out is that it is 
so hard to build something in America, that some of these funds are going somewhere else. Sometimes in foreign capitals, as we visit as congressional delegations, we see a lot of cranes and a lot of activity. Part of that is be-cause these funds are not coming to this country because it takes so long to build something and to get the per-mits, and there is so much uncertainty and the capital is not patient enough. There is more legal liability here than in so many other countries. So being No. 41 in the world has led to our hav-ing fewer good-paying construction jobs here in this country. 
As a result of this concern, over the 
last 3 years, I worked with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to draft commonsense legislation to speed up the permitting process, while still ensuring that we go through a regu-latory process that includes an envi-ronmental review and other reviews. This legislation streamlines the proc-ess and requires one Federal agency to be accountable, which is not the case now. It deals with some of the issues that we have now. For instance, you may have as many as 35 different Fed-eral permits on an energy project just to get the project going. 
It also helps with regard to legal li-
ability. With regard to the statute of limitations, instead of having it run 6 years after the final environmental re-view, we limited that to 2 years, which is plenty of time to bring a lawsuit. Some have found that the 6-year stat-ute of limitations makes it very dif-ficult to find investors. 
This is an important part of the leg-
islation that we are dealing with as part of the highway trust fund. It is part of this infrastructure bill and will not only provide more funding for our highways and roads but will also en-sure that we can move forward with more of these projects more quickly and use the money for efficiently. 
This legislation has been supported 
broadly across the aisle. It was re-ported out of our committee—the gov-
ernmental affairs committee—earlier this year with a strong bipartisan vote. I believe the vote was 12 to 1. It is sup-ported by the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce and also by the AFL–CIO Build-ing Trades Council. They feel strongly about it for all the right reasons. They want to bring back some jobs. A lot of construction jobs that were lost during the financial crisis have yet to come back. This will help. 
I commend the authors of the under-
lying legislation for including my bill as part of the underlying bill. I sure hope it stays in the bill because it is the right thing to do for taxpayers, it is the right thing to do to get projects moving, and, of course, it is the right thing to do to create more jobs at a time when all of us continue to be dis-appointed by the recovery, which is one of the weakest recoveries we have ever seen in the history of our country. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for al-
lowing me to talk about an issue that is of concern; that is, that the Hardest Hit Fund does an excellent job in our communities with regard to abandoned homes. We have to be careful that we not pull the rug out from under these organizations that are doing a terrific job helping to make our communities safer and helping to increase home val-ues. 
Again, I wish to commend those who 
have included in this legislation our permitting bill. Senator C
LAIRE  
MCCASKILL from Missouri and I have 
worked on this for 3 years. It is good bipartisan legislation. It makes sense in order to get America back to work and building things again. It will help in terms of the highway funding by making sure that funding goes further, and it will also help in terms of all sorts of construction of other projects, such as energy projects, commercial buildings, and other infrastructure. 
With that, I yield to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
OVERTIME PAY  
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about the Department of Labor’s proposal to provide overtime pay to more Americans, a step that could affect as many as 90,000 middle- class workers in Minnesota and nearly 5 million around the country. 
Right now, if someone makes more 
than $450 a week, or about $24,000 a year, there is a very good chance they don’t qualify for overtime pay, and that is below the current poverty line for a family of four. The newly pro-posed regulations would raise that level to $970 a week, or about $50,000 annually. That means that a salaried worker earning less than that amount will be able to benefit from overtime pay regardless of the duties that he or she performs. This change would ben-efit an enormous number of Americans 
whose wages have remained virtually unchanged while the cost of education, childcare, and retirement have risen steadily over the past decade. 
Last month, we saw the 64th straight 
month of private sector job growth since the Great Depression. Our econ-omy overall is getting stronger, but too much of that prosperity is going to people at the top. Middle-class families and those aspiring to be in the middle class simply are not reaping the bene-fits. In fact, America’s wealth gap be-tween middle-income and upper-income families is at its highest level—the gap—since 1983. The gap between the highest and lowest earners is at its greatest since before the Great Depres-sion. This kind of inequality is not just bad for those workers. It is bad for our economy as a whole, which is strongest when we have a thriving middle class. 
Overtime protections were first 
passed as part of the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938 in the midst of the Great Depression, when the economy was far worse off than it is now. It was passed as a way to protect workers from abusive employers and lay the groundwork to rebuild the middle class. While overtime protections have been a staple of the American econ-omy, they no longer reach many of the workers they were intended to help. 
Just look at the trends. In 1975, over-
time covered 62 percent of full-time salaried workers, including a majority of people with college degrees. Today only 8 percent of workers are eligible for overtime, which is an especially alarming statistic since hourly wages for the average worker have remained flat in real dollars since 1979. That is why in January of this year I joined several of my colleagues in pushing President Obama to update these out-dated overtime rules. We asked the President to allow more working peo-ple to qualify for overtime and to index those earnings, that threshold, to keep up with inflation so that future genera-tions of American workers could reap the benefits of their hard work. I am glad the administration agreed. These proposed rules will help put more money in the pockets of those who work longer hours or provide incentive to employers to hire more workers or increase the hours of part-time work-ers and help strengthen the economy. These rules will allow workers to spend their new-found earnings and spur fur-ther economic growth. They will help grow our shrinking middle class, which is the backbone of our economy, and help create a pathway for those who want to become a part of the middle class. It is vital that we support this proposal to guarantee overtime pay to millions of more Americans. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.046 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5493 July 23, 2015 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. H
OEVEN per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1844 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. HOEVEN. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
as I watch this great deliberative body move toward a transportation bill, I sometimes feel as though I am watch-ing an impending train wreck or a car crash because on the issue of safety this bill reflects a tragic, unfortunate, unforgivable missed opportunity. If we authorize this transportation measure, which is vitally important to the fu-ture of our Nation and will help drive economic growth and create jobs, we will miss the opportunity to make our roads and rails safer, more reliable, and more resilient for our economy and quality of life. We are missing an op-portunity to, in effect, save lives. 
Anyone who has opened the morning 
newspaper and read about a derail-ment—whether in Bridgeport, Rikers Island, the Bronx, NY, or Philadel-phia—causing injuries, deaths, loss of both life and property, can ask, under-standably, why can’t they do some-thing? Anybody who discovers a used car bought by a friend or a relative or oneself rife with recalls and the need for repairs can justifiably ask, why can’t they do something? Anybody who has had a near miss on the highway with an 80,000-pound truck going 75 miles an hour because there is a tired truckdriver under pressure from an owner or because there are two 33- length rigs can justifiably ask, why haven’t they done something? The an-swer is because the Senate is missing an opportunity now, this year, on this bill. 
I spend a lot of time driving Con-
necticut’s roads and seeing firsthand how all of these vital forms of trans-portation—railroad, bridges, ports, and airports—are in need of investment. 
The latest example and evidence is 
from a report released today—it is called the ‘‘TRIP report’’—in New Haven finding that 45 percent of roads there are in poor condition and that the cost to drivers is $707 a year in re-pairs. That is real money. The roads 
are in very bad condition—45 percent of them—in the New Haven area alone. And the ‘‘TRIP report’’ ought to be a powerful reminder of the need for ro-bust and enduring investment. 
I wrote to the writers and drafters of 
the bill before us asking for a good bill that makes the kind of investment we need to respond to the needs that are reflected in the ‘‘TRIP report,’’ which is in the range of billions of dollars a year, but this measure provides to Con-necticut only about $500 million a year—a pittance compared to what the need is in Connecticut. 
According to the American Society 
of Civil Engineers and the Federal Highway Administration, keeping roads and rail reliable and safe means investment. Creating jobs means in-vestment. Driving the economy for-ward means investment. All of those goals can be served by a robust and adequate investment. 
I urged that the bill cover the full 6 
years. Instead, this bill really is a mi-rage of what is necessary. The bill be-fore us fails to provide a long-term and robust plan to meet the priorities for our Nation’s transportation infrastruc-ture. Major construction projects, such as building the I–84/Route 8 highway interchange in Waterbury, known as the Mixmaster, and replacing the Aetna Viaduct portions of I–84 in Hart-ford, will take years to complete. This bill provides only the illusion of a long- term authorization, backed only by 3 years of dedicated funding for high-ways and no—let me repeat—no dedi-cated funding for critical infrastruc-ture investment in our Nation’s com-muter railroads. 
When the American people discover 
what is in this bill, they are going to again say: Why can’t they do some-thing? Why can’t they do something better than this train wreck and car collision of a bill? 
I voted against the motion to proceed 
to this bill because of its failure to pro-vide a path forward and this bill’s fail-ure to provide a reliable funding source for the commuter rail systems millions of Americans depend on every day and its failure to address our country’s on-going crisis in transportation safety. 
We have seen the evidence of safety 
failure in a variety of tragic in-stances—in Philadelphia, in West-chester County, where a collision at a grade crossing killed six people; a de-railment in the Bronx that killed four; a train on the wrong track that struck and killed a worker in West Haven; and, of course, the derailment in Bridgeport that injured more than 70 people. 
Positive train control would help pre-
vent these kinds of tragedies. It is a technology similar to GPS—not much more complicated—that monitors track conditions and speeds and helps trains slow or stop before there is a collision or derailment. It is not a new or novel or original, untested tech-nology; it has been around for years. This bill fails to bring our railroads 
into the latest 20th-century tech-nology, not to mention the 21st-cen-tury technology that positive train control offers. 
The Northeast Corridor is in urgent 
need of at least $570 million per year to enable a decent and adequate state of repair, to give railroads a realistic chance of implementing lifesaving positive train control technology, and to improve safety at rail grade cross-ings. That is money which can’t be cre-ated by a mirage or an illusion in a bill like this one. The national infrastruc-ture safety and investment grants pro-gram was designed to provide this level of support. If Congress were to dedicate the necessary funding from the high-way trust fund, it could be done, but Congress is ignoring this fundamental need. 
On our roads, American bus and 
truck drivers perform an essential service and they work hard at it, but their industry also has well-docu-mented safety issues. Unfortunately, this legislation creates additional hur-dles for the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to promulgate rules and to address safety issues. Rather than making the world safer, it actually enables more danger. 
The bill before us allows 18-year-olds 
to sit behind the wheel of an 80,000- pound truck going 75 miles an hour— with no requirement to get rest—to drive 75 miles an hour not only within the State but across State lines. 
The bill allows giant twin 33’s—new 
to our roads—to be driven across State lines, putting drivers at risk and fur-ther degrading our highway system. 
The bill eviscerates rules on how 
much rest truckdrivers must take. That rest is essential to safety. 
I sought to strike and modify these 
damaging provisions in committee, and I urged my colleagues to support essen-tial safety reforms, but unfortunately those calls went unheeded. 
Over the last 2 years, the commerce 
committee has had a tragic front-row seat—a unique insight into the trage-dies that pile up when safety is ig-nored. Our national safety regulators all too commonly look the other way when auto companies, for example, conceal information to protect profits over human life. 
I appreciate the work of Senator 
B
OXER , who has stripped the most of-
fensive provisions out of the title gov-erning the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. That title no longer limits grants for the prevention of drunk driving, for example. Unfortu-nately, it still contains unacceptable loopholes. 
Due to the GM ignition coverup and 
the Takata airbag crisis, there are cur-rently an unprecedented 64 million cars on the road today that are under safety recall. Let me repeat that number. There are 64 million cars on the road today that are under safety recall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.047 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5494 July 23, 2015 
That is 25 percent of the total 250 mil-
lion cars in America. To say this num-ber is unprecedented fails to do it jus-tice. 
Along with a number of my col-
leagues, particularly Senator M
ARKEY , 
I advocated numerous policy changes to ensure accountability for these problems and make them less likely in the future—not just to punish but to protect. I would like to focus on two that are particularly urgent. 
First, many of the cars that have 
been recalled are 10 or more years old and in the hands of their second or third owners. There needs to be a pro-vision that says to these car dealers that when a car is in a recall, they have an obligation to notify a new owner and, in fact, to repair the car. 
Second, as we learned in the case of 
GM, Federal prosecutors simply lack legal tools to file criminal charges against companies for knowingly con-cealing information about defects that can kill. Deliberate coverup and con-cealment of deadly defects should be punishable criminally, as it is in other industries where the stakes are simi-lar. We know that employees at GM were aware of dangerous safety defects but chose to remain silent or, in fact, mislead authorities, leading to hun-dreds of injuries and deaths. 
This measure and the DRIVE Act do 
nothing to hold manufacturers or their corporate officers criminally respon-sible when they knowingly fail to dis-close those risks. Even after the de-fects are discovered, this bill lacks the teeth to ensure that wrongdoing is not repeated. Their civil penalty authority for safety violations is currently capped at $35 million. The DRIVE Act leaves these fines at just a pittance compared to the revenue of GM—less than the cost of doing business. Safety fines need to be meaningful rather than a pittance, less than the cost of doing business. Congress must remove this cap and ensure that safety penalties provide a meaningful deterrent to wrongdoing. Even at $70 million, it is a pittance compared to GM, which made $156 billion in 2014. 
Americans deserve better than an-
other 6 years of crashes, bridge col-lapses, accidents that are preventable, and they need protection to stop it. I hope my colleagues will join me to im-plement reforms now and take strong steps to build and maintain a transpor-tation system worthy of the greatest, strongest country in the history of the world. 
For our economy, we can create jobs. 
For our quality of life, we can ensure quality and convenience. For our safe-ty, we can prevent tragedy. We can do better with a transportation system that keeps people safe. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about a very important topic for our country, the future of our kids, and the future of our kids’ kids. 
This morning I was in a Foreign Re-
lations hearing about Iran. It is pretty obvious that the administration has decided once again that our democratic values and procedures are just too high of a hurdle to clear. Instead of keeping its promise to the American people and following the pledge it made to Con-gress just a few months ago to give ev-eryone time to review the terms of this deal, the administration has instead undercut all of us again. This adminis-tration has effectively ignored 98 Sen-ators—myself included—and 400 Rep-resentatives who voted for the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act earlier this year. By advancing this vote at the U.N. Security Council, this admin-istration has violated the very balance of power between our three branches of government. 
I am outraged that this administra-
tion continues to circumvent Congress at every turn, from regulations, to mandates, to foreign policy. This is an absolute failure of the administration to do what is best for the American people, our security, and indeed the se-curity of the world. 
The precept for this deal with Iran 
simply doesn’t make sense. This deal started off by ceding the right to en-rich to Iran immediately, reversing decades of U.S. nonproliferation policy. In fact, Secretary Kerry said in 2013 that ‘‘we do not recognize the right to enrich.’’ 
This deal reverses six United Nations 
Security Council resolutions and turns a pariah proliferator into a legitimate nuclear state. 
This agreement allows Iran to leap-
frog over the 18 countries who have peaceful nuclear programs but no en-richment and to be treated like coun-tries like Argentina, Brazil, Germany, Netherlands, and Japan who have peaceful energy programs and domestic enrichment but who do not have a nu-clear weapon. These five nations are upstanding members of the inter-national community. 
This deal takes Iran—the largest 
state sponsor of terrorism and a viola-tor of human rights as well as an inter-national pariah—and treats Iran’s nu-clear program like Japan’s. 
Secretary Kerry said at a hearing in 
the Foreign Relations Committee in March that ‘‘our negotiation is cal-culated to make sure that [Iran] can never have a nuclear weapon.’’ But President Obama has said that ‘‘in year 13, 14, or 15 . . . the breakout times 
would have shrunk down to almost zero.’’ 
So this deal will not protect Iran 
from becoming a nuclear weapons state; it just delays it. As I have said all along, I cannot support any deal that allows Iran to become a nuclear weapons state—not now, not in 10 years, not ever. 
What is more, this deal provides Iran 
with billions of dollars of sanctions re-lief upfront, before the IAEA completes its assessment on whether Iran’s nu-clear program is indeed peaceful. It took the IAEA 19 years to make this determination for South Africa’s pro-gram. And this deal starts lifting United Nations and European Union sanctions this year, the arms embargo in 5 years, and the ballistic missile ban in 8 short years. This deal will provide Iran with a windfall of sanctions relief of up to over $100 billion—funds that President Obama’s National Security Advisor Susan Rice just recently con-ceded will go to terrorism, the Iranian military, the Houthis, and Assad. 
President Obama said that ‘‘this deal 
is not built on trust, it is built on veri-fication.’’ But this deal doesn’t require ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ inspections of all nuclear and military sites. Instead, it empowers Iran to create lengthy delays when IAEA inspectors request access to suspicious nuclear sites that are in-deed not declared by Iran. From what I understand, the IAEA will have two teams traveling a country twice the size of Texas. And let’s not forget that Iran developed the Fordow facility and it operated for years despite having IAEA teams on the ground. 
And if we do find Iran to be in viola-
tion of this deal, our enforcement mechanism has no teeth. Snapback sanctions in fact are a fantasy. Para-graph 37 of the Iran deal states that Iran will cease performing all of its commitments to the deal in the event of a full or partial snapback. Iran will walk away if we try to hold it to the very deal it just signed off on. 
With this all-or-nothing nature of the 
snapback, will anyone try to punish Iran’s cheating? History tells us that when Iran cheats, it does so incremen-tally, in small steps, so no single ac-tion in and of itself can be punished, but when you look at it over time, their cheating is egregious. 
Will any nation be willing to stake 
sinking the entire deal over minor cheating? Even if sanctions are indeed snapped back, Iran’s sanctions relief is front-loaded. They will be able to so quickly pad their economy to make themselves more resistant to future sanctions. Most dangerously, this deal is predicated on the idea that the re-gime will change its dangerous behav-ior, when we have only seen proof that we will see more of the same—sponsor-ship of rogue regimes and terrorism worldwide. 
So I am curious, given what we know 
now about this deal, how the United States not only voted for this deal at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.061 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5495 July 23, 2015 
the United Nations Security Council 
but actually sponsored the resolution. Secretary Kerry claims that should Congress disapprove of this deal, we would be in noncompliance with all of the other countries in the world. He claims that there will be no nation standing with us on our sanctions or opposition to Iran. 
Well, I say we let the nations of the 
world decide for themselves. Let’s give the world the option. We have stood alone before. Do you want to do busi-ness with Iran or the United States? We have stood alone many times in his-tory when it meant doing the right thing. 
The American people and the fine 
people of Georgia who are calling and writing into my office every day are uncomfortable with this nuclear deal for Iran, and they are uncomfortable with our future under its provisions. So I say to this administration that you cannot circumvent the American peo-ple with this nuclear deal. Congress will have its say. We worked hard for this 60-day review period and I will do my part to muster the 67 votes re-quired to disapprove a deal that leaves Iran as a nuclear threshold state in a little more than a decade. 
This 60-day oversight period is the re-
sult of a bipartisan effort in the House and Senate, protecting the balance of the three branches of government. Now we must act together to protect our country and our world from a very bad actor like Iran from ever becoming a nuclear weapons state. 
Mr. President, I rise also in the time 
remaining to speak very briefly of a current issue that we are going to vote on, possibly this weekend; that is, the highway trust fund. Georgia sent me to Washington to help solve our fiscal cri-sis, not make it worse. As a member of the Senate Budget Committee, I am working every day to find smarter ways to prioritize our spending. That way we can support critical functions of the Federal Government such as funding our National Highway System. 
Make no mistake—I support funding 
infrastructure, but we must do it re-sponsibly. Transportation is a top pri-ority as it supports a robust economy and is one of the responsibilities the Federal Government is charged with in executing under the Constitution. As we continue to debate the highway bill in the Senate, I am committed to find-ing the right funding and enough fund-ing for our critical infrastructure needs. 
As proposed, the highway bill author-
izes spending for the next 6 years yet only funds these programs for the next 3 years. Passing responsibility over to the next Congress to find additional funding mechanisms for the remaining 3 years is unacceptable. It is what has gotten us in this debt crisis in the first place. Some of my colleagues have sug-gested this is simply the way the Sen-ate has acted in the past. Yes, I got that. Again, it is what got us here. That may be true, but it does not make it right. I was not sent to Washington 
to accept this status quo. 
A serious long-term solution needs to 
be fully funded, not filled with half- empty promises that cannot be kept or could add to our national debt. I am working to find a responsible way for-ward in order to provide Georgia and other States with more certainty through a longer term solution, instead of settling for just another short-term fix. Today, I am introducing an amend-ment to simply match the authoriza-tion period with the available funding. That sounds basic; it sounds simple. It is what I have to do at home in my home budget. It is what most Ameri-cans have to do. If they don’t have the money, they don’t spend it. This amendment ensures that Congress is not authorizing spending programs be-yond a point where there is no money to pay for them in the future. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
breaking Washington of its chronic overspending problem. I urge my col-leagues to support a fiscally respon-sible highway bill that matches the length of the authorization with the 
funding mechanism. That way we can continue to fund our critical infra-structure projects without compro-mising our conservative budget prin-ciples. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate has an opportunity to pass a multiyear transportation bill that en-sures critical transportation projects move forward without disruption. As part of this bipartisanship bill, the DRIVE Act, we also have an oppor-tunity to pass necessary policy changes that enhance safety and make our transportation system work better. 
Part of the DRIVE Act includes im-
portant work on transportation policy we have undertaken at the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee. We will lose an op-portunity to pass bipartisan reforms if we do not approve this critical legisla-tion. 
The last time we passed a multiyear 
transportation bill into law was 2012. However, since 2009, we have passed 33 short-term extensions to avoid a fund-ing gap that would stop much-needed transportation projects. Highway and transportation infrastructure projects—and in many urban areas, public transit projects—are important to our constituents and our Nation’s economy. If we continue to do short-term ex-
tensions—again 33, literally 33 short- term extensions since 2009—that is a terrible way to run a highway program. It does not allow State departments of transportation to plan. It does not allow those who are involved in the construction, the contractors who build our roads and bridges, an oppor-tunity to plan. It creates all kinds of uncertainty out there. 
We need the certainty that comes 
with a long-term highway program in-stead of having these 33 short-term ex-tensions. So this is a unique oppor-tunity that we have to actually put in place policies that would guide us at least for the next 3 years and hopefully beyond. Our transportation system is one of our government’s visible assets. Our constituents who sent us here no-tice when there is a problem with it. 
The Federal infrastructure invest-
ment that Senator I
NHOFE and Senator 
BOXER have taken the lead on in the 
Environment and Public Works Com-mittee and the transit projects for which the banking committee is re-sponsible are not the only critical parts of our transportation system. There are policy decisions and ad-vanced safety initiatives. We have rules governing how and when and where we build critical projects, as well as oversight of various regulations at the U.S. Department of Transpor-tation regarding trucking, freight rail, passenger rail, and automobile safety requirements. 
These areas are the exclusive juris-
diction of the Senate commerce com-mittee. I have the honor of chairing the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee. I was pleased to see my friend from Florida, Senator N
EL-
SON, who is the ranking member of our 
committee, return last night following his surgery last week to help advance consideration of the DRIVE Act. 
Let’s talk about some of the policies 
that I have worked on with colleagues on both sides of the aisle that will not become law if we fail to move forward with this bill. Keep in mind that Sen-ators W
ICKER and B OOKER are the au-
thors of the rail safety bill that the commerce committee passed by voice vote last month, and their bill is in-cluded in this legislation. 
Let’s also recognize that commuter 
rail systems, including New Jersey Transit and Virginia Railway Express, have stated that they will not meet Federal deadlines for implementing positive train control technology. This legislation currently before the Senate would authorize grants and prioritize loan applications to help commuter railroads deploy this new technology to help address safety issues and to get positive train control up and running as soon as possible. 
The bill also includes numerous addi-
tional rail safety requirements, includ-ing the implementation of necessary automatic train control modifications and crew communication improve-ments, to improve operations while 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.064 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5496 July 23, 2015 
positive train control is being imple-
mented. 
The National Transportation Safety 
Board recommended requiring inward- facing cameras in all passenger rail-roads to create more accountability. This bill requires all passenger rail-roads to install such equipment in their locomotives. In fact, I have a let-ter here from the National Transpor-tation Safety Board, in which Chair-man Christopher Hart says: 
I applaud the recent passage of the pas-
senger rail safety bill. I was pleased to see the inclusion of our recommendations re-garding inward and outward audio and image recorders. 
Thank you for your ongoing support of the 
NTSB. 
That is from the National Transpor-
tation Safety Board Chairman, Mr. Christopher Hart. So having these nec-essary improvements will make our passenger rail systems much safer as they travel across the country. 
The bill also streamlines the permit-
ting process for improvements to exist-ing railroad track and infrastructure and improves multimodal planning and permitting. The Secretary of Transpor-tation will have new authority to speed up projects and to reduce paperwork burdens. Outside of improving rail safe-ty, we include a proposal offered as an 
amendment during committee markup by Senator M
CCASKILL to ban rental 
car companies from renting vehicles needing recall repair work. 
We also include several provisions to 
increase consumer awareness of recalls, increased corporate responsibility, and improved highway safety efforts in all the States. Following a harsh inspector general report criticizing the Federal Government’s auto safety regulator, this bill requires the full implementa-tion of reforms outlined in that report. Once these reforms are implemented, the agency’s funding authorization will substantially increase to meet the GROW AMERICA requests for vehicle safety efforts. These are important safety provisions in this bill. They make our roads and our transportation system safer, and they deserve our sup-port. 
At the committee level, some provi-
sions of our title were the subject of constructive discussions that helped us improve this bill before it made its way to the floor. Here are a few things we did to broaden support for this proposal after our committee passed the bill last week. 
Senator M
ANCHIN raised concerns 
about a provision I authored that re-quires additional testing for a new train braking requirement known as ECP that will be required under law by 2021 and 2023. I worked with Senator M
ANCHIN . We came to an agreement 
that if new real-world tests show that the requirement isn’t effective, it can-not proceed. If it is effective, there will be no delay in its implementation, and there will be no need for new rule-making. 
We worked with Mothers Against 
Drunk Driving on another important issue to combat drunk driving. When 
we heard they had concerns with our 24/7 sobriety program grant language, we worked with them to address those concerns and to assure that the dedi-cated grant program with ignition interlock laws continues. 
A pilot program our bill proposed 
that would allow licensed truckdrivers between the ages of 18 to 21 to cross short distances outside the borders of their home State now requires not only the approval of participating States but also the approval of the Secretary of Transportation. At the Commerce Committee we have worked on a bipar-tisan basis to change, drop or add pro-visions since we marked up the bill to earn the support of colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
There are still some differences. I ex-
pect amendments where this body will have the opportunity to decide impor-tant issues that we have debated throughout the committee process. One such issue, which I heard a variety of opinions about, concerns the current $35 million cap on fines that the De-partment of Transportation can assess on manufacturers for auto safety viola-tions. This bill would double the cap to $70 million, provided that the Depart-ment first finishes a still undone rule-making process on penalty assessment factors that was required in our last highway bill. 
I have heard arguments that this cap 
on fines for auto safety failure should be raised more or even set at an unlim-ited amount, but we are doubling this cap to $70 million and conditioning an additional increased authorization for vehicle safety on implementing needed reforms. 
This bill enhances safety. If we do 
not pass this bill, auto safety regu-lators don’t get more funding, as called for by Secretary Foxx and various safe-ty groups following the record 64 mil-lion auto safety recalls we have wit-nessed over the past 2 years. Penalties for auto safety violations will not go up if this bill doesn’t pass, commuter railroads don’t get new assistance to implement positive train control or the other critically important safety im-provements that the NTSB, Amtrak, the FRA, and others have called for. None of that happens if this bill doesn’t pass. Rental car companies don’t face a Federal ban on renting vehicles that are subject to open recalls if this bill doesn’t pass. 
Not passing the safety reforms in the 
DRIVE Act would be an incredible missed opportunity for addressing a host of key safety improvements. Some in this building believe it would be easier if we just passed another short- term extension. They are right. It would be much easier, but keeping highway and related transportation in-frastructure projects funded for a few more months doesn’t address safety and regulatory issues that we cannot afford to keep ignoring. 
Five months from now, if tax reform 
leaves us with new options, we can al-ways decide to infuse additional fund-
ing into the bill before the Senate, but delaying action on transportation for 5 months could also compound our dif-ficulties. Remember, there have al-ready been 33 short-term extensions passed by Congress since 2009. 
A silent part of every argument for a 
short-term extension is let’s not ad-dress safety and other critical trans-portation needs. The right decision for the American people is to seize the op-portunity to pass a bipartisan, multiyear transportation bill without delay. 
I wish to share with you some of the 
letters of support we have received from various organizations that have looked at the body of work that is in-cluded in these particular provisions that I have mentioned. 
The Governors Highway Safety Asso-
ciation says: 
GHSA congratulates the U.S. Senate Com-
merce Committee on releasing S. 1732. This six-year reauthorization bill will provide needed stability and consistency for state highway safety agencies to reduce the num-ber of crashes, injuries and fatalities on America’s roads. 
This is from the American Public 
Transportation Association. It says: 
On behalf of the American Public Trans-
portation Association (APTA), our 1,500 member agencies, and the millions of Ameri-cans that depend on public transportation, I write to commend the Committee’s hard work to advance comprehensive rail legisla-tion that attempts to address safety, funding needs, Amtrak enhancements, improved project delivery, and other important rail policy issues. 
We fully support the inclusion of a rail 
title within any broader surface transpor-tation authorization package considered in the Senate. 
That was from the president and CEO 
of the American Public Transportation Association. 
The National Association of Railroad 
Passengers states that they are writing ‘‘to endorse the inclusion of the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act (S. 1626) into the Com-prehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015 (S. 1732). 
‘‘The move to include passenger rail 
authorizing language in a broader high-way and transit bill is an important step in recognizing the critical role intercity trains play in a national transportation system.’’ 
This letter is from the States for 
Passenger Rail Coalition: 
On behalf of the States for Passenger Rail 
Coalition, Inc., (SPRC) I write in support of the actions taken by the Commerce Com-mittee to introduce sections of the highway bill. I am particularly pleased that the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act (R2E2)—as approved by the Commerce Committee—was included as a title of the bill. 
These are just a few of the examples 
of letters we have received. The final one I will mention is from Transpor-tation for America, and there again they say they appreciate the fact that we are authorizing ‘‘the federal pas-senger rail program with the transpor-tation safety and freight provisions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.065 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5497 July 23, 2015 
under the jurisdiction of the Commerce 
Committee through 2021,’’ and that ‘‘this proposal moves the federal trans-portation program in the right direc-tion in addressing the nation’s freight needs.’’ 
The point I wish to make is there 
have been some of our colleagues on the floor who have been finding fault with various provisions in the bill, and obviously there are going to be a lot of people who aren’t going to support this in the end anyway, but we ought to at least be talking about the facts. We ought to be talking about what is actu-ally in the bill, and we ought to be talking about the important reforms that were made in this legislation that addressed safety issues, safety on the highway, safety on our rail system, im-provements and reforms in our pas-senger rail systems, and the commuter railroads we have traveling across this country. There are a number of needed safety improvements and reforms that will be lost if we fail to act. 
The letters I have mentioned are just 
a few examples of the organizations that rely upon those forms of transpor-tation, that recognize this is an oppor-tunity we should not miss. 
I hope we will take advantage of the 
opportunity and not do another short- term extension, which would be the 34th now since 2009, and not put in place the types of changes, reforms, and improvements that are needed in our transportation system across this country. If we fail to act now—the win-dow that people think we have now for a short-term extension—the 34th short- term extension—we will be looking at this sometime later this year, and we will be right back where we are right now. 
We shouldn’t miss this opportunity. 
We should take advantage of it and try, and as best we can as we move this across the Senate floor and debate some of these issues—if there are ideas about improving it, making it better, making it stronger, I think that is what this debate is all about. But I want to make sure that as we talk about these issues we are accurately characterizing and reflecting what is actually in the bill and all the work that has been done on both sides of the aisle by both Democrats and Repub-licans and Members who are interested in these issues. 
There are a number of committees 
that have jurisdiction over transpor-tation issues. As I mentioned, the Com-merce Committee is just one. The En-vironment and Public Works Com-mittee has had the lead on writing the bill. The Finance Committee, on which I also serve, is responsible for—at least largely responsible for—trying to come up with the pay-fors the way that we are going to fund this, and the banking committee deals with many of the transit provisions of the bill. 
So there are multiple jurisdictional 
issues involved here. All the commit-tees have been active. All the Members on those committees have been active. I can certainly say that on our com-
mittee, the commerce committee, we had great participation from both Re-publicans and Democrats on the com-mittee. We had a lot of good input, which didn’t end when we reported the bill out of the committee but contin-ued on through the weekend and into this week. So we continue to look at ways we can make this bill stronger. 
But I have to say, all the things that 
are included in here, all the things I mentioned along with the components and features of this bill that have been worked on by other committees, are important changes. Probably, most im-portant of all, is that we get something that puts in place a multiyear bill that creates the kinds of conditions that are conducive to jobs and to economic growth. We all know how important transportation infrastructure is to our economy. 
I come from a part of the country 
where we rely heavily—we drive long distances, we have a lot of geography that we have to cover. Our economy, because we are agriculturally based, re-lies very heavily upon getting our products to the marketplace. So we have to have good roads and bridges, we have to have a railroad system that works, and we believe that many of the things that are done in this bill con-tribute to, enhance, make stronger, better, and more efficient our transpor-tation system. That is good for jobs, that is good for the economy in this country, and that is why it is so impor-tant that we move forward. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
HUNE ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, after last 
night’s cloture vote, we are one step closer to providing a long-term solu-tion for the shortfalls in the highway trust fund. Soon we will begin debate on legislation that will provide more clarity and certainty to our States and to highway builders and workers throughout the country. 
Earlier this week, I was pleased to 
learn that our distinguished majority leader and the ranking member of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee were able to reach a bipartisan agreement to authorize and fund a long-term highway extension. I want to commend both of them and everyone who was involved in putting this bill together for their hard work and will-ingness to put partisanship aside in order to help the American people. 
Now the rest of us need to follow 
their example. I want to express my support for this bipartisan highway bill and urge all of my Senate colleagues to do the same. The legislation that we will soon be 
debating would authorize expenditures from the highway trust fund for 6 years and provide 3 years of funding. It would do so without adding a dime to the def-icit and without raising taxes. 
Over the last few months, we have all 
heard from the naysayers who claimed that such a feat was impossible, that there was no path forward to provide long-term highway funding without a massive tax increase. I am pleased to see our colleagues have provided us with such a path. All we have to do is be willing to walk down that path. 
This bipartisan bill provides us with 
a historic opportunity when it comes to highway funding. It would provide the longest extension of highway fund-ing we have seen in over a decade. 
I know my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle—including some who will likely come out against this bill— like to point to the 2012 MAP–21 legis-lation as a paragon for how Congress should consider and pass a long-term highway bill. Of course, MAP–21 ex-tended highway funding for only 2 years. This legislation we will be de-bating this week will go for a signifi-cantly longer period of time. 
In short, passage of this bill would be 
a significant victory for good govern-ment, and, of course, it would provide a great example of what is possible when Members of both parties work to-gether. 
Of course, we have seen a number of 
these types of examples in the Senate this year. For example, earlier this year we passed legislation to perma-nently repeal and replace the Medicare sustainable growth rate system, a problem that had plagued Congress and our health care system for years. Shortly thereafter, we passed a bipar-tisan bill to combat human trafficking. And, of course, after that, Members from both parties in both Chambers came together to renew trade pro-motion authority and update our trade laws for the 21st century. 
The Senate is working again, and I 
don’t think it is going to stop any time soon. I think the highway bill will be the next item we add to the long list of bipartisan victories we have achieved in the Senate under the current leader-ship. We just need to keep moving this bill forward. 
Of course, this bill isn’t perfect ei-
ther. Anyone who is desperate to find a reason to vote against this legislation could likely scour through the text and find some frivolous reason. 
The pay-fors in the bill—at least as 
far as I am concerned—don’t all rep-resent ideal policy choices. But we shouldn’t hold a good bill hostage while we search for perfection. Indeed, as I said a number of times here on the floor in recent months, I have been here in the Senate for 39 years, and in that time I don’t remember voting on very many bills I thought were perfect. 
This is a good bill. It is not meant to 
be a partisan wish list or a political messaging vehicle. It provides a serious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.070 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5498 July 23, 2015 
and workable solution to a legitimate 
problem, and it was designed to get support from Members of both parties. 
Once again, I want to commend my 
colleagues for getting us this close to a solution on highways. 
As we all know, the House has taken 
a different path with regard to highway funding. They have sent over a 6-month patch with the intention of using that time to work on a solution that would both fix problems in our Tax Code and provide for long-term highway funding. 
The idea of linking highways to tax 
reform has a lot of support here in Washington. Like I said, that is the path the House has opted to go down, and I know leaders in the Obama ad-ministration have a similar vision. 
I want to make one thing clear. I 
support tax reform. I have been and will continue to be the most outspoken Member of the Senate in favor of ro-bust, bipartisan tax reform. I agree with many of my colleagues that link-ing that effort to the highway funding could make a lot of sense. 
Luckily, the Senate’s highway bill 
will allow us to continue to pursue that path. Keep in mind, that under this bill, we will have 3 years of addi-tional authorized highway expendi-tures to pay for when all is said and done. This means that whenever we can agree on a tax reform package, whether it is 6 months from now or later, it will still be possible—and likely just as sen-sible—to tie the two efforts together. 
My colleagues also need to keep in 
mind that while this legislation ad-dresses the immediate need for high-way funding, the fundamental issues that fuel the need for tax reform will remain in place. We will still face an increasing number of corporate incur-sions and foreign takeovers. Our tax rates will still be too high, and our Tax Code will still be altogether too com-plicated and burdensome. 
In other words, if Congress passes 
this bipartisan, long-term highway bill, we will still be under enormous pres-sure to fix our Nation’s broken Tax Code and to provide relief to struggling job creators and taxpayers throughout the country. No one should question that. 
Once again, I urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle to support this bipartisan highway package. It pro-vides a realistic path forward to a solu-tion that all of us want to see. Tradi-tionally, Members of both parties have been able to come together to deal with our Nation’s infrastructure. For the sake of our citizens who need better roads and highways; for our builders, engineers, and job creators, who want to grow and expand; and for our work-ers who need good jobs, I hope we can do so with this important legislation. 
Now, having said that and having 
found good in what both the House and Senate are trying to do, I think it is important to point out that delaying this for 6 months is not going to work. I can see the same roadblocks thrown up every step of the way, and then you get to the end of that particular time 
and the leverage is going to be with those who want to stall this fight to begin with. 
So I am concerned about doing that, 
especially when we have what really is a very good highway bill here in the Senate and could solve at least these problems for a while, and we can still work on tax reform in the process. 
I have no illusions. I have been 
around here for a long time, and I know how difficult tax reform is going to be. I also know it takes Presidential leadership, which I hope will be there when the time comes. But we have no guarantee it is going to be there. 
I can remember many months ago 
that I said to the President: If you want tax reform, send us a well- thought-out bill, and we will see what we can do to put it through. I am still waiting, and I can say that to put all our apples in that particular basket may not be the smartest thing we can do, especially since we are going to be in an election year next year. That could make it very, very difficult by the end of this year to really do what we all know we should do. 
This bill answers that problem. It 
gets rid of one very important big prob-lem, and that is our highway funding. It is no secret that we on the Finance Committee provided—and they didn’t think we could do this—really around $82 billion, which we found in the code. We did not expect all $82 billion to be used, but they were there, and it would have given us approximately a 6-year highway bill. 
That is not going to happen now. But 
to have a 3-year highway bill, with some of the things we were able to come up with—even though some are difficult and controversial—is nothing short of a miracle. So I think we have to get this done. We need to show the House that the Senate is moving ahead, and we also need to cooperate with our friends in the House when it comes to tax reform. 
I hope we can bring both Houses to-
gether and do tax reform before the end of the year. It would be wonderful if we could. I don’t have any illusions about it, however. But I think we ought to do what we should do, what we have to do, and what needs to be done at this par-ticular time. 
With that, Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold his request? 
Mr. HATCH. I will be happy to with-
hold. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the remarks of my friend from Utah. Before Senator H
ATCH leaves the 
floor, I just want to say that we have worked very hard to put this bill to-gether. It has been difficult. If I were writing it, I would have written it dif-ferently. If the Senator from Utah were writing it alone, he would have written it differently. But we have worked to-gether long enough to know that we 
have to meet each other halfway. 
Mr. HATCH. Will the Senator yield? Mrs. BOXER. Of course. Mr. HATCH. I want to thank her. Mrs. BOXER. Oh, that is nice. Thank 
you. 
Mr. HATCH. This has not been an 
easy thing to do, and she has taken some unnecessary and unjust criticism for trying to do the art of the doable here in the Senate. 
I just want to tell her it has been a 
privilege to work with her, and I want to make sure that together—and with the help of others—we get this bill through for the benefit of this country and for the benefit of our highways. 
I know how hard the Senator from 
California and the distinguished Sen-ator from Oklahoma have worked on the highway bill. So I just want to say I have tremendous respect for the Sen-ator and appreciate her efforts in this regard and want to give kudos to her. Keep it up. We have to get this done. 
Mrs. BOXER. I say to Senator H
ATCH , 
that means a lot to me. I so remember that the Senator from Utah set the pace for bipartisan cooperation when he worked with the late great Senator Ted Kennedy. People looked at the two of you and said: This is impossible. But my colleague was able to find the com-mon ground and build on it, and I watched that. 
Senator I
NHOFE and I have been able 
to do our best to also find the sweet spot where we could come together and work together. I just wanted my col-league to know that the teamwork I watched between himself and Senator Kennedy from time to time on very im-portant issues made an impression on me and certainly on the Senate and on the whole country. 
Mr. HATCH. If the Senator will yield 
again— 
Mrs. BOXER. Of course. Mr. HATCH. I remember when we fi-
nally got together. It was way back in 1980–1981. 
Mrs. BOXER. That is right. Mr. HATCH. From that point on we 
found ways of coming together and get-ting things done that are monumental and landmark pieces of legislation. There is no reason why we can’t do that today. 
Let me just mention that on the 
Committee on Finance we have put out of the committee almost 40 bills that are bipartisan—not just one Democrat or one Republican, but bipartisan in nature—not the least of which is the highway bill—the funding, rather. And I just have to say that we are doing what we should do here. 
I think people feel good about it. I 
have had people come up and say it is wonderful we are having amendments again and working together and we are getting things done. And I certainly at-tribute some of that to the distin-guished Senator from California and the work she is doing here in the Sen-ate. I do personally appreciate working with her. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.073 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5499 July 23, 2015 
Let’s get this done. I will do every-
thing in my power to help the Senator from California, and I thank her so much. 
Mrs. BOXER. Yes. I say to Senator 
H
ATCH , we are going to have some 
tough votes coming up, and some peo-ple aren’t going to like this amend-ment or that amendment, but all I want to say is this: Let’s keep our eye on what the prize is. 
Before the Senator leaves the floor, I 
want to share with him a photo. Last week, on the California-Arizona border, a bridge collapsed. Now, this bridge had been rated as structurally obsolete be-cause so much traffic was going be-tween California and Arizona—so much more traffic than was anticipated. We are so fortunate there were no deaths involved. 
To me this is the reason why we are 
doing what we are doing. We just can’t sit back and wait for some great, won-derful future promise to come down from the sky and say: We have solved the funding problems. 
We want to find that solution. It is 
not at hand. So what the Senator did, which was so important—working with all the members of the Committee on Finance and across party lines with leadership and everybody else—was to put together sources of funding that he felt the Senate could live with. 
As it turned out, there were a couple 
of things that were a bridge too far— talking about bridges—for a couple of Members, and we are fixing those. We are fixing those, and it is good. But none of these pay-fors are delightful. They are all hard. But this is what we are trying to turn around. 
So I say to my colleagues on both 
sides—and I have said it to my own caucus over and over—nobody is going to love every page of this bill because that is the nature of legislating. If we each could write our own bill, we would love every page. We would be thrilled. We would blow kisses at every page. But we don’t write it ourselves. We have to step back, and we have to allow the process to work. 
Yesterday, that process worked. It 
was tough, but we got more than 60 votes to begin work on a long-term sur-face transportation bill. That bill is going to give certainty to our States— 3 years of certain funding and a 6-year authorization, with the hope that in the coming months we can figure out a good way to look at international tax reform and other ways to pay for the final 3 years. 
But let me be clear. It has been more 
than 10 years since we have had more than a 2-year extension. This is a 3- year bill, and it makes great improve-ments in the Environment and Public Works title. 
We really did compromise, Senator 
I
NHOFE and I, and he and I really 
worked well together in this area. This cloture vote was so key and so impor-tant to business and labor and all the people who know they don’t want this to happen to them in their State, in their commute. How many more 
bridges have to fail before we recognize that we can’t be patching up this high-way trust fund little by little? It is just not working. 
I often say this—and I hope it doesn’t 
bore people because I have said it a lot—if you wanted to buy a house and you found a house and you went to a good banker and he or she looked at you and said ‘‘I have great news for you, Mr. or Mrs. America—we have 
checked your credit rating, your credit rating is great, and we are going to give you a mortgage’’ and you said ‘‘That is wonderful news’’ and then they said ‘‘But it is only for 6 months or 5 months or 1 year,’’ you are not going to buy that house. That is what we have been doing to our States and local entities. They can’t build any-thing new. They can’t make invest-ments that are important because they don’t have a guarantee that the fund-ing will be there. 
The beautiful thing about our fund-
ing system is it is Federal, State, and local, and there is even sometimes some private money that comes in. So the Federal Government is the spark. I don’t know what the Presiding Offi-cer’s ratio is in Louisiana, whether it is 50/50 or 60/40. In my State, it is about 50/50. We have 50 percent local State dollars to 50 percent Federal dollars. Some of our States rely on the Federal Government for 90 percent of their transportation dollars, and one State, 100 percent. So this isn’t a question of having the States do this by them-selves; they really can’t do it by them-selves. 
It was President Eisenhower—a Re-
publican President—so many years ago who said if we are going to have a strong country, if we are going to pro-tect our national security, we have to be able to move people and move goods. He took a tour across this great Na-tion, and he came up with the notion of a highway trust fund and a national transportation infrastructure. 
Well, the EPW Committee—which I 
am the ranking member of and Senator I
NHOFE chairs—provides about 70 per-
cent of the spending in this Transpor-tation bill. We came together in a 20- to-0 vote and voted in favor of the DRIVE Act. This is going to support millions of jobs—not hundreds, not thousands, but millions of jobs across our great Nation—and it will provide economic security. If we don’t do this and we wind up with a patch, believe me when I tell you that our States will shut down their programs because they just can’t move forward. 
It is imperative that we act now—I 
agree with Senator H
ATCH —because we 
have come so far. If we don’t do this, we will be looking at another exten-sion. Somebody told me it was the 34th extension—the 34th extension. That is not right. We need to do our work. The committees have done their work. 
I was happy to hear that Senator 
B
ROWN now says that the transit fund-
ing is good. It is very good, as well as the highway funding. So I want people to keep in mind the 
picture of this bridge. It means that when there are goods moving through from Arizona to California or Cali-fornia to Arizona, the cars and trucks have to go 400 miles out of their way— the cost of that to our Nation’s busi-ness, the difficulty of that to those who drive the trucks and the vans. 
I will say that this link is closed in-
definitely. That is a terrible thing to say. They don’t have a plan to fix this because it is so complex, and we need the funding so that they can. We have emergency funding in this bill—$100 million per year—to look at situations like this and come in and help. 
How many more bridges have to col-
lapse before we do our job? We cannot be economically competitive when truckers delivering goods have to drive 400 miles out of the way to get goods from one State to another. 
Here are the facts: There are 61,300 
bridges that are structurally deficient in America. Fifty 50 percent of our roads are in less than good condition. We have no excuses. We need to move forward. 
I will show a list of supporters of our 
work. I just implore those 38 or so Members who voted no on going to this bill—I ask you to take a look at these groups and tell me in your heart of hearts how you can say no to them. These are hard-working people. They are Republicans. They are Democrats. They are Independents. They are peo-ple of every political stripe—the Amer-ican Highway Users Alliance, the American Public Transportation Asso-ciation, the American Road and Trans-portation Builders Association, Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers, Amer-ican Trucking Associations, equipment distributors, general contractors, equipment manufacturers, metropoli-tan planning organizations, the Na-tional Asphalt Pavement Association. 
I have four of these charts. These are 
the people who want us to vote yes: The National Association of Counties— I started off as a county supervisor— they know the bridges and roads are in disrepair; the National Association of Manufacturers; the National Associa-tion of Truck Stop Operators; the Na-tional Governors Association; the League of Cities; the ready mixed con-crete people; the sand, stone, and grav-el people; the independent drivers; the Portland Cement Association; the Re-tail Industry Leaders Association. 
Here is another one, the last one: The 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Now, I ask you, when do we see the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the International Union of Operating Engineers, the Laborers’ International Union of North America, the United Brotherhood of Car-penters—when do we see all these on the same side? The answer: When we write a highway bill. 
America is coming together around 
our efforts. We should be unanimous even though there are parts of the bill I don’t like and you don’t like. Col-leagues, we cannot have a perfect bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.074 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5500 July 23, 2015 
It is an imperfect bill in an imperfect 
world. But unless we wrote it our-selves, we would never be thrilled with every provision. 
I will finish. The AAA—remember 
those people we call when we break down? The AAA said: Pass a bill. They are tired of coming out to start up cars that aren’t running well because they get caught in some kind of sinkhole. 
The U.S. Conference of Mayors; the 
American Association of State High-way and Transportation Officials; Mothers Against Drunk Driving—and I want to say that at first Mothers Against Drunk Driving opposed this bill. Now they support it. There is also the American Council of Engineering Companies. 
This is a list of people who are beg-
ging us to pass this bill. 
Democrats stood here, and we called 
on the Republicans to please come up with a bill, and they did. There were reasons to say we didn’t love it, and we sat down and we worked hard. I have to say that Senator M
CCONNELL and his 
staff, my staff, Senator I NHOFE ’s staff, 
Senator D URBIN and his staff—we have 
been working hard. We are still work-ing to get more votes. We need more votes. We need this to happen. 
Today my plea is that the clock is 
ticking. We have 8 days, colleagues, until the highway trust fund goes bust. Guess what. We can solve this problem, get a strong bill that increases funding in the first year by 6 percent and after that a couple percent a year for 3 years. It scores well. It doesn’t add a penny to the deficit. I am so glad we are moving forward, but we need more support. 
Here is my last plea to everybody 
who might possibly be listening— maybe my relatives, but in addition to that, anyone who might be listening: There are going to be amendments that I don’t like and that you don’t like. Could we try to keep our eye on the prize? This is the prize. We don’t want this happening anyplace in this coun-try. It brings devastation. 
We have a good bill before us. Is it 
perfect? No. Are the pay-fors perfect? No. Are we continuing to improve it? Yes. Can we always do more later? Yes. 
Let’s say yes together, Republicans 
Democrats. Let’s deliver this for the American people. 
I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS AND NORTH DA -
KOTA ’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN  
VIETNAM  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, as I 
do on many Thursdays, I rise again today to share about the lives of the men from my State, the North Dako-tans who died during the Vietnam war. I have been talking about the 189 men who didn’t make it home, but that is not a complete accounting of the peo-ple we lost as a result of Vietnam. 
Many of our Vietnam veterans con-
tinue to feel the effects of their service long after they return home. Some de-
veloped medical conditions that, quite frankly, are hard to explain. I have worked with a number of these men, many of whom became my friends and one who is very special to me, a vet-eran by the name of Bill Broer, who was former director of the North Da-kota Bureau of Criminal Investigation. 
WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ BROER  
William ‘‘Bill’’ Broer started his 
work in law enforcement as a security policeman in the U.S. Air Force. Dur-ing the Vietnam war, Bill was sta-tioned at a base that supported aircraft that was used in Agent Orange cam-paigns. Bill died in 2002, at the age of 53, from non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. 
In 1989, Bill was appointed Director 
of the Bureau of Criminal Investigation and was an outstanding law enforce-ment official. He was awarded the At-torney General’s Meritorious Service Award in 1991 and the North Dakota peace officers highest award, the Lone Eagle Award, in 1996. 
Bill worked hard for North Dakota 
law enforcement both at his desk in our office and during his free time. He started a bowling tournament to bring together people involved in law en-forcement from across our State so they could get to know each other and work together in an environment that took them away from their official du-ties. That tournament is now in its 30th year. 
Bill also was instrumental in cre-
ating the Peace Officers Memorial that stands on the capitol grounds today, recognizing that those who serve in law enforcement also take that risk every day that so many of our servicemen do in protection of our people. 
But I want to say something more 
than that about Bill. I am quite certain I probably would not have been attor-ney general without Bill’s help, and I certainly don’t believe I would have been a United States Senator without the lessons I learned from Bill Broer. He was a great friend and a trusted ad-viser to me. 
Quite honestly, I don’t know anyone 
in law enforcement who didn’t abso-lutely love him. His staff was dev-astated when Bill was taken ill. We were devastated when we lost Bill way too early—I know not as devastated as his wonderful wife and his two great daughters. I remember when he used to rush home so he could be at a basket-ball game, of course in his suit and tie, always cheering them on. His only fault probably was being an Atlanta Braves fan. 
JOHN SCHNEIDER  
Another friend of mine, John Schnei-
der, died in 2001 from a brain tumor. He also was a Vietnam-era veteran and a true friend and public servant of the highest caliber. 
John served in the Peace Corps in Af-
ghanistan in the 1960s and was tops in his language class, which was learning Pashto. He worked with farmers to in-troduce a hardier, more productive wheat variety to the region. While in law school, John was draft-
ed. He entered the Marine Corps in 1970 and was deployed to bases in Japan and the Philippines during the Vietnam war. John finished his law studies after he was discharged and joined a firm in Fargo, ND. He was elected to the North Dakota House of Representatives in 1982 and was known for his brilliant command of the legislative process. He was appointed U.S. attorney for North Dakota in 1993. In fact, he served in that capacity because I begged him to join me. He served as our U.S. attorney during those same years that I served as attorney general, and we spent a lot of time together, especially in Indian Country, working on the law enforce-ment issues of the day. 
John was devoted to his wife Lois 
and their sons Jasper and Rocky. He loved cooking—cooking with way too much salt for them—and visiting with them for endless hours, even taking longer routes to school so he and his sons could talk. 
John organized the Schneider base-
ball games, family tennis matches, and other competitions. The boys have a love of baseball to this day because of John. He loved to sing, knew thousands of songs, had a beautiful voice, and wrote and produced original family Christmas plays for 15 years. 
John was thoughtful and kind. He 
loved life and he loved North Dakota and its people. 
Now I have the privilege of sharing 
about the lives and deaths of other North Dakotans, those men who did not come home from the war. 
JAMES ‘‘JIMMY ’’ LEVINGS  
James Levings was commonly called 
Jimmy. He was from New Town. He was born on October 18, 1948. He served in the Army’s 503rd Infantry, 173rd Air-borne Brigade. Jimmy was 19 years old when he was killed May 23, 1968. 
His father James Conklin, Jr., served 
our country in the Army during the Korean war, and his grandfather Mar-tin Levings also served in the Army in Europe during World War I. 
Jimmy grew up close to his grand-
parents, aunts, uncles, and cousins. They said Jimmy thought the world of hunting, hiking, and riding horses. 
His family appreciates the letters he 
mailed them when he was serving in Vietnam. They remember the pictures he mailed them and how proud he looked to be serving his country. 
Jimmy’s cousin Rex Mayer said he 
enjoyed when Jimmy stayed with his family when they were young because Jimmy was like an older brother who played with him and took him to the movies at the nearby theater. Rex said Jimmy was 17 years old when he en-listed in the Army and volunteered to return to Vietnam for his second tour. Rex remembers seeing Jimmy when he was home on leave between his tours and that Jimmy had a different look about him, that he was changed by what he experienced in Vietnam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.076 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5501 July 23, 2015 
Jimmy was shot and killed in Viet-
nam when he approached his base pe-rimeter and was accidentally mistaken as a hostile force. 
Jimmy is buried in Snowbird Chapel 
Cemetery and his name is memorial-ized on the Mandan, Hidatsa & Arikara Fallen Soldiers Memorial near New Town. 
WARD WALTER  
Ward Walter was born October 13, 
1917. Prior to serving in Vietnam, Ward had lived in McKenzie County and in Minot. He served in the Army’s 720th Military Police Battalion. Ward was 50 years old when he died on November 29, 1967. 
Ward spent most of his adult life 
working in law enforcement and serv-ing in the Army. Based on Ward’s time in the Army and experience in four countries, his fellow soldiers became like family to him. His camaraderie and guidance earned him the nickname of Pop. 
One month after arriving in Vietnam, 
Ward’s team was tasked with setting up an ambush. Once in their ambush position, a U.S. Army jeep drove by and spotted movement. Thinking Ward’s team members were opposing forces, the jeep opened fire, shooting Ward in the chest and killing him. 
To commemorate Ward, members of 
his battalion named the movie theater at their post in Vietnam the Sergeant Ward ‘‘Pop’’ Memorial Theater. 
The Army recognized Ward’s service 
by issuing him the Bronze Star Medal for Valor, the Purple Heart, and the Good Conduct Medal. 
LEON LOCHTHOWE  
Leon Lochthowe was from Minot. He 
was born March 23, 1945. He served in the Marine Corps’ Mike Company, 9th Marines, 3rd Marine Division. Leon died on September 22, 1967. He was 22 years old. 
Leon was the oldest of four children 
born to Don and Donna Lochthowe. His mother Donna said that growing up on the family farm, Leon was a free spirit and enjoyed riding his dirt bike in off- road races. He married Betty Berg, and they had a son Rickie and daughter Kimberly. 
On September 10, 1965, Leon, his wife, 
and two children were driving north of Minot and were hit head-on by a drunk driver. Leon’s wife and both children were killed. 
After his wife and kids’ deaths, 
Leon’s draft number was changed to that of a single man. He chose to enlist in the Marines. A year after his fam-ily’s death, he arrived in Vietnam. 
Leon’s fellow marine Gerald Loretta 
credits Leon with saving his life by pulling him to safety after he was wounded so badly he could not move. Other fellow marines have also written about Leon’s heroism during his serv-ice. 
On September 22, 1967, Leon received 
a letter from his mother stating that his parents were in California with his brother Gary, who was critically ill with spinal meningitis. Gary recently had enlisted in the Marines and was in 
his first days of basic training when he was hospitalized. That same afternoon, rockets and artillery began shelling the area that Leon was defending. Shrapnel struck him in the chest, and he was killed instantly. 
Leon’s parents left California, where 
their son Gary was in a coma, to return to Minot to receive Leon’s body and hold a funeral. Just hours after arriv-ing home, Donna learned that her fa-ther had died in his home. The day after his funeral, they held Leon’s fu-neral. During Leon’s funeral reception, the family learned their son Gary had just died in California. This is a family who had held three funerals for the men they love in just 1 week. 
ROBERT ‘‘BOBBY ’’ STOREY  
Robert ‘‘Bobby’’ Storey was from 
Grand Forks, and he was born July 22, 1946. He served in the Army Reserve’s 17th Aviation Group, 1st Aviation Bri-gade as a helicopter pilot. Bobby was 22 years old when he died on November 21, 1968. 
He was the oldest of four children. 
His father Henry served in the Air Force and the family moved to dif-ferent bases while the kids were young. 
Bobby’s sister Debbie said that 
Bobby was kind and had a smile that would light up a room. She remembers that in high school he played quarter-back for the high school football team and was nicknamed Bunny because of how fast he could run. Bobby’s friends came to their house often, which meant a house full of boys and a refrig-erator stocked with milk. 
Bobby attended college at the Uni-
versity of North Dakota. He joined the Sigma Nu Fraternity, and he and sev-eral of his fraternity brothers enlisted in the Army. 
Bobby became a Warrant Officer heli-
copter pilot, and about a month after arriving in Vietnam his helicopter was shot down and Bobby was killed. After his death, Bobby’s father also went to Vietnam, serving our country in 1970 and 1971. 
After Bobby’s death, both of Bobby’s 
brothers chose to wear the number 22 on their sports jerseys, just like Bobby had in high school. In memory of Bobby, his youngest brother named their son Robert. 
DELAND ‘‘DENNIS ’’ ZUBKE  
Deland ‘‘Dennis’’ Zubke was from 
Grassy Butte, and he was born October 28, 1951. He served in the Army’s 15th Artillery Regiment. Deland was just 19 years old when he went missing on March 1, 1971. 
He was one of five children born to 
Drusilla and Gerald Zubke. 
One of Deland’s fellow soldiers, 
Ralph, wrote a remembrance describing how Deland volunteered to take Ralph’s place on a dangerous mission the day Deland was last seen. His ac-tions that day under intense enemy and friendly fire made Deland a hero. In Ralph’s eyes, Deland should have been awarded a Silver Star for his courage under the most difficult com-bat conditions imaginable. Deland had 
arrived in Vietnam about 2 months ear-lier. 
In 1978, the Army changed Deland’s 
status from Missing in Action to Died While Missing. Deland has never been found. 
DAVID KLINE  
David Kline was born July 31, 1948, 
and was from Hurdsfield. He was in the Army’s 1st Cavalry Division. David died July 2, 1967. He was 18 years old. 
David’s sister Faye remembers that 
David was liked by everyone in Hurdsfield. David was the envy of many because he owned a pink and white 1957 Chevy convertible. 
He played basketball for the high 
school team and liked playing his gui-tar for fun. ‘‘Dancing in the Streets’’ by Martha and the Vandellas was one of his favorite songs. He was senior class president and hoped to teach his-tory someday. 
He had a younger brother Curtis, who 
was just 11 months younger than David. They were so close, folks around town told them they were like twins. 
Faye said that when she, David, and 
Curtis were young, they always partici-pated in Memorial Day events, placing flags next to the headstones of our country’s veterans. Faye recalls clear-ly that one time David noted that ‘‘someday, I will have a flag just like that.’’ 
She remembers the words he said to 
her, his little sister, the last time he left for Vietnam: ‘‘Don’t grow up too fast.’’ 
ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ FULLMER  
Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Fullmer was from 
Grand Forks. He was born April 2, 1948. He served in the Army’s 25th Infantry Division. Bob died on June 6, 1969. He was 21 years old. 
Bob had two brothers, Bud and Bill. 
They both served our country. Bud served in the Navy and Bill served in the Army Reserve. 
Bill said Bob was very social and en-
joyed always having friends over. When Bob was killed in Vietnam, his parents donated his death gratuity to the Grand Forks Central High School to be used as a scholarship for students with average grades who wished to attend the University of North Dakota. 
Bob’s high school friend Barb Colby 
wrote a poem about Bob shortly after he died, and the poem was published in 1987 in the first issue of a magazine en-titled ‘‘Reflecting on the Memories of War.’’ This was her poem: 
Why didn’t you say goodbye 
The January day, When that damn warring airplane Took you so far away? Maybe you knew before you left That you were going to die So your heart just wouldn’t let you Come and say goodbye. Please try and understand I can’t come to where you lie. I guess I feel like you did then. I just can’t say goodbye. 
After learning that Bob’s mother had 
read her poem, Barb visited his mother 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.078 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5502 July 23, 2015 
on Memorial Day. After their visit, 
Barb wrote a letter to the editor of the magazine describing how she and Bob’s mother reminisced about Bob’s life and the people who have contacted his mother since his death describing the ways they have touched his mother’s heart. 
Talking with Bob’s mother and see-
ing her laughter, strength, and warmth made Barb realize, 17 years later, that her poem was not finished. Barb wrote this ending to her poem and dedicated it to Bob and his mother. 
Seventeen years have come and gone 
Again it’s the month of May. I went back home and met your mom On this Memorial Day. She talked of you as a child and son I told her stories of our youth. And as we shared our memories and loss She taught me a simple truth. She showed me that your memory is alive So you’ll never really die. She made me laugh—she let me cry She helped me to say goodbye. 
These are just some of the stories I 
am privileged to share, hopefully with the rest of the country, as we continue this 50-year remembrance of the Viet-nam war and the people who took part. I think it is so critical and so impor-tant, especially in this time when we call on people to make sacrifices, that so many of the young people here, who would be the age of the grandchildren of many of the people who served, ap-preciate and understand the extent of the sacrifice and the disruption of fam-ily but the love of country that is an inherent part of each one of these sto-ries. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that following my very brief remarks Senator S
ULLIVAN  
be allowed to speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MONTANA WILDFIRES  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I want 
to bring attention to the serious wildfires going on in Montana as I speak. There are currently two large active fires burning in Montana, in-cluding 4,000 acres called the Reynolds Creek fire right in Glacier National Park, as well as the Cabin Gulch fire, 2,500 acres, near Townsend. 
Our fire crews are putting themselves 
in harm’s way to protect our lands, our forests, and our communities. With lower-than-average snowpack, we have had less-than-average rains. It has cre-ated a situation. We have very low water levels in our rivers and our streams, and our firefighting teams are facing ripe conditions for wildfire. 
They are also being driven by high 
winds and dry fuels. So far this year, we are experiencing the second worst fire season in terms of impacted areas in a decade. The situation could only get more serious in the coming weeks and months. 
Our communities, our watersheds, 
our wildlife habitat, our access to recreation—all of these critical Mon-
tana treasures—are at risk for wildfire. Please join me in praying for the safety of our firefighters, and please thank them for a job and service well done for the State of Montana. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to begin my remarks this afternoon by commending my colleague from North Dakota for her weekly tributes to our Vietnam veterans. I have watched her do that week after week. It is very moving. It speaks volumes to her char-acter as well as the character of the veterans from North Dakota. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. President, I come to the floor 
this afternoon to speak about one of the important issues facing the Senate today, for weeks, months, and maybe even years, and that is the debate we are having over the Iran nuclear agree-ment. 
Many of my colleagues have already 
spoken very eloquently and very pa-tiently about this agreement. I want to give one example. My colleague from Maine, Senator K
ING, was on the floor 
the other day when I was presiding. He was imploring us to fully debate the issue. He stated: ‘‘The truth emerges from the fire of an argument on an issue of this importance.’’ I couldn’t agree more. We should debate this issue. We should fully vet this issue. We should bring all of the voices of the people we represent into this body to debate this issue. 
Where to begin? There is so much 
here, so many issues. We have seen some of them: centrifuges, enrichment, inspections, sanctions, and anywhere, anytime inspections. We have to exam-ine all of that. 
I thought it was important today to 
step back and take a look at some of the big issues. There are three issues that I believe are particularly impor-tant as we start this debate: first, the role of the American people and this body and the Congress with regard to this agreement; second, the basic un-derlying premise of this agreement— the driving force that in many ways is behind this agreement; and third, the main goal as has been agreed to by the President and by Members of this body on what we should be trying to achieve with regard to this agreement. 
First, the role of the American peo-
ple in this body. There is confusion, which has been perpetuated by this ad-ministration, that those of us who are asking questions and are skeptical of the agreement are somehow being par-tisan. The President said that Repub-licans, no matter the deal, will dis-agree with him and not vote with him. In some ways he seems to be making this about his personal agenda. But with all due respect to the President, the Iranian nuclear agreement is much bigger than President Obama—much bigger. The President will be gone in 18 months, and the American people will have to live with the consequences of this agreement for decades. That is 
why it is so important that the Con-gress debate and approve or disapprove this agreement. Yet, had the Obama administration had its way, we would not be doing this today—what we are doing right now—debating this agree-ment. 
In fact, throughout this process, from 
the very beginning, they have been dismissive of the role of the American people through their representatives in Congress to weigh in and bring clarity and wisdom to what this agreement is all about. Just a few months ago, the President said that he did not want the Congress to be involved at all. We started debating an act on this floor to provide this body with an opportunity to review and approve. He said he would veto it—no involvement from the American people. The administra-tion only backed off when a bipartisan group of Senators, Democrats and Re-publicans, stood firm—a veto-proof ma-jority—and said: No, the American peo-ple need to be read into this agree-ment. That was when we passed the Iran Nuclear Review Act. I personally would have preferred that this be viewed as a treaty by the administra-tion, but we are reviewing it now under that law. 
The President and Secretary Kerry 
have taken the deal to the U.N. Secu-rity Council—again, before Congress and the American people even started to debate the issue. The Russians and Chinese were voting on this agreement before we had the opportunity to do so. Members of this body, Democrats and Republicans, implored the Secretary by saying: Don’t do this; it is an affront to the American people. They didn’t lis-ten. Finally, the President is saying— even before we debate—if we are not in agreement with him, he is going to veto whatever we do in this body. 
This is not how the Federal Govern-
ment is supposed to conduct foreign policy. Throughout the history of this great body, weighing in and voting on international agreements and inter-national treaties of this magnitude have been the Senate’s most important job, the heart and soul of what we do in this body. Sadly, two former Members of this body—the President and the Secretary of State—have actively fought against our involvement. 
But Alexander Hamilton knew bet-
ter. In the Federalist Papers, he spoke about the critical role of the Senate in foreign affairs. He warned against the President having sole authority over issues of such a ‘‘delicate and momen-tous kind.’’ He argued vigorously for the Senate to have a say on critical foreign policy and national security issues. Our history and the Constitu-tion reflect this, and that is where we come in, and that is why we are debat-ing this. 
In examining the agreement, I think 
it is important to understand and look at the bigger picture. What is the driv-ing force? What is the underlying premise? What is the philosophy that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.080 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5503 July 23, 2015 
motivating this agreement? It is not 
hard to discern. From the beginning of the Obama administration, the Presi-dent and his team have been focused on transforming our relationship with Iran to bring it into the community of respected nations, thereby trans-forming the Middle East. The President has talked about this a number of 
times. He highlighted this in a speech to the United Nations in 2013, and it is here again in the text of this agree-ment. 
The text of the agreement states that 
the P5+1 expresses its desire to build a new relationship with Iran. That is in the agreement. This is a bold and ambi-tious goal, no doubt, but it is also dan-gerously naive. Interestingly, there is no reciprocal statement in the agree-ment by Iran about Iran wanting to have a new relationship with the United States or the West. We want it; they don’t seem to want it. In fact, with its leaders regularly still chanting ‘‘death to America; death to Israel’’ even after the signing of this agree-ment, it seems very clear that Iran does not want a new relationship, and this is the biggest flaw of the agree-ment. It amounts to a high-stakes bet—the highest of stakes: the security of the United States—that Iran will change its behavior. 
What I fear the most is if they don’t 
change—and there is no sign that they are going to—within 10 years, by its own terms, this agreement will enable Iran to have a much stronger economy, a significant ballistic missile capa-bility, to be on the verge of a nuclear bomb and still be the world’s largest sponsor of state terrorism. This is a huge risk for the security of our coun-try and our allies in the Middle East. 
It doesn’t have to be this way. This 
agreement could have mitigated these risks. We do this all the time in diplo-macy. We tell countries that we nego-tiate with: If you improve your behav-ior, you will get rewarded incremen-tally, step by step—step by difficult step. For example, during the debate we had on the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, I offered an amendment that was simple, but it was based on this issue: Sanctions would be lifted on Iran once Iran came off the list of countries that sponsored state ter-rorism. Simple. If you improve your be-havior, you will get rewarded. This agreement does not do that. Instead, when you look at the structure of this agreement, it allows Iran to get almost all of the benefits up front. 
Almost half of this agreement is 
about our obligations to lift sanctions in very minute detail—our obligations to lift sanctions on Iran within the next several months. Think about that. We had the leverage. The countries that negotiated this are among the most powerful in the world. We had Iran on the ropes with strong, Amer-ican-led sanctions. We had the lever-age, and we lost it with this agreement on the hope that Iran will change its behavior. So far, it is clear that their leaders 
did not get the memo on the change of behavior or on the new relationship. Iran is still destabilizing the Middle East, holding Americans hostage, threatening Israel, and supporting ter-rorist groups, such as Hezbollah and others, throughout the world. In fact, Iran, which is a nation that has had 
imperial ambitions throughout the Middle East for centuries, could very well accelerate its destabilizing activi-ties as a result of the power and pres-tige this agreement provides them. 
Supporters of this agreement, includ-
ing the President, are arguing: Look, United States, we have done this be-fore. We have negotiated with our en-emies to a positive end. President Reagan did it with the Soviet Union. He got a constructive deal. But this is a flawed analogy both strategically and tactically. When we negotiated with the Soviet Union, it was a negotiation between the world’s two superpowers that were armed with nuclear weapons, similar military strength—thousands of military weapons. Here, however, we are bringing a nuclear pariah into the club of nuclear powers. This is very dif-ferent. 
Tactically, Team Obama has never 
demonstrated the desire to walk away from this deal. This wasn’t the case with President Reagan. He famously walked away from the Soviets in Rey-kjavik, Iceland, over a verification issue on the INF agreement. ‘‘This meeting is over,’’ President Reagan said to George Shultz, his Secretary of State, when he thought we were giving away too much. ‘‘Let’s go, George. We’re leaving,’’ said the President. And they did. They left. A year later, Mi-khail Gorbachev came back to the table and agreed to onsite inspections of their nuclear facilities. America and the USSR signed the INF treaty, and Soviet power began to unravel. Con-trast that to the experience we have heard about in the last few months of these negotiations on the issue of con-ventional weapons and ballistic mis-siles. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff, GEN Martin Dempsey, testified in front of the Armed Services Com-mittee very recently. He said: ‘‘Under no circumstances should we relieve pressure on Iran relative to ballistic missile capabilities and arms traf-ficking.’’ That was said by the No. 1 military adviser to the President of the United States. But we did. Within 7 days of that statement, we did. The embargo on conventional weapons and ballistic missiles is going to be lifted as part of this agreement. When the Russians and the Chinese pushed this position at the very end of these nego-tiations, Secretary Kerry should have listened to General Dempsey’s military advice and he should have done what Secretary Shultz did. He should have walked. He should have walked away to get a better deal. 
Finally, I wish to conclude by under-
scoring what everybody, from the President to Members of this body, has 
agreed should be the principal negotia-tion objective of this agreement, which has always been to keep Iran from de-veloping a nuclear weapon and to dis-mantle its nuclear capability. 
In fact, this body weighed in last 
year—March of 2014—in a letter writ-ten by 81 U.S. Senators to the Presi-dent of the United States about these negotiations. The letter had a number of benchmarks for the negotiators. One stated that sanctions ‘‘must continue until Iran abandons its efforts to build a nuclear weapon.’’ 
The letter then goes on to cite an-
other critical basic goal of the agree-ment. It states: ‘‘We believe any agree-ment must dismantle Iran’s nuclear weapons program and prevent it from ever having a uranium or plutonium path to a nuclear bomb.’’ Last year, 81 Senators stated that. Let me repeat that: ‘‘We believe any agreement must dismantle Iran’s nuclear weapons pro-gram and prevent it from ever having a uranium or plutonium path to a nu-clear bomb.’’ I agree with the 81 Sen-ators. Mr. President, 40 Democrats, 40 Republicans, and 1 Independent signed that letter, and 72 of those Senators are still Members of this body. But they need to ask themselves: Are they sure this goal has been achieved? 
I have read this entire agreement. I 
believe this goal has not been achieved, and that should deeply concern all Members of the U.S. Senate. 
Let me conclude by quoting someone 
I normally do not quote on the floor of the U.S. Senate—Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei, who just this past Saturday stated the fol-lowing: ‘‘Even after this deal our policy towards the arrogant United States will not change,’’ and then he led the crowd he was before into chanting ‘‘Death to America.’’ That is the coun-try that we are hoping and risking our future on that will change, that we will have a ‘‘new relationship’’ with, as the agreement states. 
To the American people: We will con-
tinue to debate this critical issue. 
In the words of my colleague from 
Maine, we will bring the fire to the de-bate and a truth will emerge. Unfortu-nately, here is one truth that I find self-evident: Iran is not changing any-time soon. That is because this agree-ment didn’t force it to. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, if we 
ask most people in America what is the most heavily subsidized industry in America, which industry, which sector of our economy receives the highest level of Federal subsidy in America, I guess they would get it wrong, because it turns out the sector that gets the highest degree of Federal subsidy is for-profit colleges and universities— for-profit colleges and universities. 
I wish to say a word or two about the 
current status of the largest of these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.081 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5504 July 23, 2015 
for-profit colleges and universities and 
the tactics they are using to become even fatter at the expense of the Amer-ican taxpayers. 
I will read a quote about the for-prof-
it college industry: 
They are not educators and they’re looking 
to manipulate this model to make money. There is nothing wrong with making money, but I think anyone making money in an edu-cational activity has a higher standard of ac-countability. 
Some might think that was a quote 
from some speech I gave here. They would be wrong. That was a quote from John Murphy, a cofounder of the Uni-versity of Phoenix, during a recent interview he gave to Deseret News Na-tional. As the article rightly observes, the University of Phoenix is the ‘‘grand-daddy’’ of the for-profit indus-try, but the enterprise has experienced a dramatic shift in priorities since it became a publicly traded company, ac-cording to Mr. Murphy, one of the co-founders. The reason for the change, according to Murphy, is the combina-tion of the new corporate entity—for- profit University of Phoenix—chasing stock prices with the temptation of the open spigot of Federal funds. Mr. Mur-phy calls the Federal student loan money ‘‘the juice’’ of the for-profit col-lege industry. And for its part, the Uni-versity of Phoenix is swimming in the juice. They received 84 percent of their revenue from Federal title IV funding in 2012 and 2013. How much? It was $3.5 billion. 
According to law, for-profit colleges 
are prohibited—we don’t want them to become too dependent on the Federal Government, so we prohibit them from receiving any more than 90 percent of their revenue from title IV Federal funding—90 percent. 
When I think of the outrage I hear 
from those in Washington who track Federal money, I can’t believe they are overlooking this industry. A major loophole, however, allows the Univer-sity of Phoenix to not include veterans’ GI Bill benefits or Department of De-fense tuition assistance programs in their Federal revenue calculation. So I joined with Senator T
OMCARPER of 
Delaware and others to fix this, to close this loophole, to hold the for- profit colleges to no more than 90 per-cent of the revenue coming directly from the Federal Government. 
A recent article by Aaron Glantz 
published by the Center for Investiga-tive Reporting provides a troubling look into the world of for-profit college recruitment of America’s veterans and members of our military. The article details how the University of Phoenix has become a major sponsor of military events. In one instance, they paid $25,000 to sponsor a concert for mili-tary members and their families. The company gave away Galaxy computer tablets and wrapped the stage in a giant University of Phoenix banner. In other instances, the Center for Inves-tigative Reporting found that the Uni-versity of Phoenix sponsored ‘‘resume workshops’’ which essentially amount-
ed to recruitment drives for their uni-versity. According to the article, the company sponsored hundreds of events on military bases, including rock con-certs, Super Bowl parties, father- daughter dances, Easter egg hunts, chocolate festivals, fashion shows, and even brunch with Santa. 
University of Phoenix paid $250,000— 
a quarter of a million dollars—to spon-sor events over the last 3 years at Fort Campbell, KY. Private sponsorship of military events is not unusual, but it has to raise some eyebrows when the company whose profits depend on re-cruiting servicemembers are paying for these programs. Let’s face it. That is what these events are for—recruitment events for the company. 
In the name of corporate sponsorship, 
the University of Phoenix could gain direct access to military bases with a nod and a wink to servicemembers: Come to Phoenix. We care about the military. 
Boy, has it paid off for Phoenix and 
what Mr. Murphy called ‘‘the juice’’ of Federal funds. 
The University of Phoenix is the 
fourth largest recipient of Department of Defense tuition assistance funds which help servicemembers continue their education. In fiscal year 2014, the University of Phoenix received more than $20 million of these benefits. But hold on tight. Here is where the juice gets deep. When it comes to veterans’ GI Bill funding, the University of Phoe-nix is a top recipient in America of these funds—$272 million. In return, the company offers servicemembers and veterans degrees of questionable value, below-average graduation rates, and—get this—a student loan default rate almost 40 percent higher than the national average. That is what we are offering to members of our military and veterans through the University of Phoenix and their programs. 
I don’t think this type of behavior by 
the University of Phoenix is what the President had in mind when he signed Executive Order 13607, intended to pre-vent for-profit colleges from gaining preferential access to our military. 
I have written to Secretary of De-
fense Ash Carter about the outrage. If it is a matter of University of Phoenix not following DOD rules, I want the Department to take action. If the Uni-versity of Phoenix’s actions outlined in this report are within the rules, the rules need to be changed. 
I want to say a word about another 
story by the Center for Investigative Reporting last week. This is almost in-credible. It is difficult for me—I can’t— to recount the details of the story I am about to relate, and my colleagues will understand why in a moment. 
According to the Center for Inves-
tigative Reporting, nearly 2,000 unaccredited institutions received more than $260 million in GI Bill bene-fits between 2009 and 2014. Some of them are for profit; all are totally unaccredited. When someone serves in our military, we offer them GI Bill ben-
efits—once-in-a-lifetime benefits—for the betterment of themselves and their family. Once they have used the bene-fits, they are gone. 
One example of one of these 
unaccredited institutions that is re-ceiving these benefits for our mili-tary—GI Bill benefits—is a sexual ther-apy school in San Francisco. The name of it is the Institute For Advanced Study of Human Sexuality— unaccredited. The activities that are described in the article about this school I cannot say on the floor of the Senate. The institute openly brags— this unaccredited institute receiving GI Bill benefits openly brags about its massive collection of pornography, and we sent this institution GI Bill fund-ing. That is outrageous. 
Seven other Senators joined me in 
writing to Secretary McDonald of the VA last week asking him to investigate and explain. I also expect to speak with him by next week, and I hope to hear that the VA is taking action. The GI Bill is too important for our veterans to have these benefits ever questioned because of a scandal such as this. 
Stories such as these abuses by the 
for-profit college industry and these unaccredited so-called schools are ap-pearing more frequently. In newspapers and other media outlets across Amer-ica, this issue has never received so much attention. Unfortunately, here in the Halls of Congress, you can still hear the crickets when it comes to this issue. I hope this changes. If we are se-rious about really caring about our military and their families and our vet-erans, if we are serious about caring about taxpayers’ dollars, if we are hon-est about this industry that is fleecing the American taxpayers and members of our military, this Congress should act on a bipartisan basis. But some of these schools have friends in high places. Every time I have tried to call them out, someone has stepped in to their defense, usually in a private man-ner so the public doesn’t know. 
The day of reckoning is coming for 
these for-profit schools. The stock mar-ket is catching up with them. Stock-holders are catching up with them. Students and their families are catch-ing up with the fact that they are a waste of time and money. Now we have to make sure the taxpayers have their day and their attention directed to-ward this outrageous exploitation. 
5TH ANNIVERSARY OF DODD -FRANK  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, July 21 
marks the fifth anniversary of the en-actment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
Let’s remember what was happening 
when the law was created. In 2008, we were staring in the face of the greatest economic meltdown since the Great Depression. Wall Street banks and fi-nancial companies had built a multi- trillion dollar house of cards. They built it out of subprime and predatory mortgage lending, mortgage-backed se-curities with inflated credit ratings, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.087 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5505 July 23, 2015 
and unregulated derivatives based on 
these mortgages. It was enormously complex and risky, and our financial regulatory system was ill-equipped to oversee it. It all started coming apart when several mortgage lenders went under, and Bear Stearns began wob-bling. 
Then in March 2008 Bear Stearns 
went down. By September 2008 one giant financial company after another started collapsing: Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, AIG, Washington Mu-tual, Wachovia. It was a time of panic. Credit markets froze. The stock mar-ket swung wildly. Congress had to take dramatic steps to stop the economy from going into free fall. Who suffered the most from Wall Street’s mis-behavior? Main Street Americans. 
As a result of the financial crisis, un-
employment went up over 10 percent. Nearly nine million Americans lost their jobs. Millions of families faced foreclosure on their homes. More than $19 trillion in household and retire-ment wealth was wiped away. 
It was clear we had to act to get out 
of this ‘‘great recession,’’ and we did. We saved the auto industry, passed the Recovery Act to boost the economy, and stabilized the economy. We have now had 64 consecutive months of job growth, and the unemployment rate is down to 5.3 percent. But it was clear to all of us who lived through that finan-cial crisis that we needed to reform our financial regulatory system and curb risky and predatory financial prac-tices. 
Five years ago, we did just that by 
enacting the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. It took months of legislating—dozens of hearings, extended debate and amendments in committees and on the floor, and a robust conference com-mittee process. The result was a land-mark reform law that reined in the worst abuses of Wall Street and pro-vided critical new protections for con-sumers and Main Street businesses. 
One of those was the creation of the 
Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, or CFPB. I remember back in 2007 when a law professor named E
LIZABETH  
WARREN told me about all the tricks 
and traps that banks and mortgage companies were using on consumers. She said we need an agency that is fo-cused like a laser on making sure that there is transparency and fairness in consumer financial products. I agreed. So in 2008 I introduced the first bill that sought to create this consumer fi-nancial protection agency. 
I could not have been prouder when 
this agency was established by the Dodd-Frank Act. This was a landmark win not only for consumers but for our overall economy. 
When consumers have transparent 
and accurate information about finan-cial products, they are empowered to make better choices. Senator W
ARREN  
did an admirable job of getting the CFPB up and running. And now, under the leadership of Richard Cordray, the CFPB has achieved great success in 
protecting consumers, especially those most often targeted by wrongdoers— students; older Americans; service-members, veterans and their families; and the economically disadvantaged. To date, the CFPB has obtained over $10 billion in relief to consumers through its enforcement actions. 
The CFPB went after several of the 
Nation’s largest credit card companies for targeting their customers with de-ceptive and fraudulent activities. This resulted in nearly $2 billion being paid back to more than 12 million cus-tomers nationwide. To further protect students and their families, the CFPB has brought action against for-profit colleges for their predatory lending practices. 
In November 2013, the CFPB an-
nounced its first enforcement action in the predatory payday lending industry. This led to $14 million in restitution from Cash America for targeting serv-icemembers and their families and vio-lating the Military Lending Act in the process. Since then, the CFPB has con-tinued to limit the ability of payday lenders to prey on vulnerable families across America. 
The CFPB is a tremendous success 
story. But the successes of Dodd-Frank don’t stop there. 
When the Dodd-Frank bill was on the 
Senate floor, I offered an amendment that dealt with the issue of debit card swipe fees. This amendment was adopt-ed by the Senate with 64 votes—47 Democrats and 17 Republicans—and it was enacted into law. My amendment marked the first time that Congress acted to rein in excessive swipe fees, which were lining the pockets of big banks and costing billions for mer-chants and their consumers. I am pleased to report this reform has achieved significant success. 
For those who don’t remember, swipe 
fees are fees fixed by Visa and MasterCard, and are paid by merchants to card-issuing banks whenever a pur-chase is made with a card. Because Visa and MasterCard set the fees on be-half of all banks, there is no competi-tion between banks on the fee rates—so the rates always went up. By 2009, the banks were collecting about $16 billion per year in debit swipe fees from mer-chants. And merchants had to pass that cost on to their customers in the form of higher prices. Of course, the banks didn’t need all of this swipe fee money to conduct debit transactions. The actual cost to process a debit transaction is just a few cents. But the banks and card companies exploited the swipe fee system so they would re-ceive far more than they would ever need—an average of 44 cents per trans-action. 
It didn’t have to be this way. Many 
other countries have thriving debit card systems with swipe fees strictly regulated or prohibited altogether. But in the U.S., swipe fees were spinning out of control. There were no market forces working to keep fees at a reason-able level. So I offered my amendment 
to bring some reasonable regulation to this system. 
My amendment said that if the Na-
tion’s biggest banks are going to let Visa and MasterCard fix swipe fee rates for them, then the rates must be rea-sonable and proportional to the cost of processing a transaction. And my amendment also said there needs to be a real choice of card networks avail-able for each debit transaction. This reform cut the average debit swipe fee in half, from about 44 cents to about 24 cents. 
This is actually pretty modest re-
form. Most other countries have gone much further in regulating swipe fees. But boy, did the big banks scream about it. They said swipe fee regulation would be the end of the world. They claimed it would kill the debit card system, devastate small banks and credit unions, and cause banks to jack up other fees on consumers. Well, the law took effect in 2011, so we have had some time to see how it has worked. And as it turns out, the horror stories that the banks predicted turned out to be pure fiction. 
Let us look at the facts. First, swipe 
fee reform hasn’t hurt the growth of the debit system. Debit card use con-tinues to grow each year, according to the Federal Reserve. And it hasn’t hurt small banks and credit unions, either. My amendment exempted all but the biggest one percent of card-issuing banks from fee regulation. The Fed an-nounced in May 2013 that this small issuer exemption ‘‘is working as in-tended.’’ 
Credit unions and small banks have 
thrived since the amendment took ef-fect, because the amendment has en-abled them to receive higher fees than their big bank competitors. It has helped level the playing field between the big banks and the little guys. 
Don’t take it from me. Here is what 
press releases from the Credit Union National Association have said since my amendment took effect in 2011: 
November 2012: ‘‘Credit Unions Growing at 
Sustained, Increasingly Strong Pace.’’ 
March 2013: ‘‘The credit union movement is 
healthy, vibrant and on the rise.’’ 
Last February: ‘‘Credit unions experience 
fast growth on all fronts in 2014 . . . 2015 ex-pected to surpass banner year.’’ 
I know the small banks and credit 
unions will never thank me for this re-form. But the reality is they have gained a competitive advantage through this reform. It has helped them. 
And how about consumers? Well, the 
banks said my amendment would cause consumer checking fees to go through the roof—and they still try to pretend that is the case. But the facts say oth-erwise. 
Last September the Wall St. Journal 
reported that ‘‘After peaking in 2009, the annual account fees collected at U.S. commercial banks have declined markedly, even as the volume of bank deposits has swelled.’’ Transparency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.089 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5506 July 23, 2015 
and competition is helping keep fees 
down. 
The American Bankers Association 
reported last year that 62 percent of Americans pay nothing at all for bank services. And this year Bankrate.com found that 72 percent of credit union checking accounts came with no main-tenance fees. 
And what about savings to con-
sumers? Well, noted economist Robert Shapiro did a study in 2013 and esti-mated that swipe fees overall were re-duced by about $8.5 billion in 2012. He estimated that about $6 billion of these reductions were passed along from mer-chants to consumers in the form of lower prices. 
While it may be hard to see those 
price reductions when you spread the savings across the entire economy, the fact is that the savings are real. Unfor-tunately, the savings should have been even greater. When the Federal Re-serve drafted a proposed rule for my amendment, they planned for a fee cap of 7 to 12 cents—far closer to the actual cost of processing a debit transaction. But the banks lobbied the Fed hard to double the proposed cap, and the Fed gave in to the bank lobbyists. Of course, the banks and card companies promptly took advantage of the wa-tered-down regulation and turned the fee cap into a fee floor. As a result, there are still excessive swipe fees begin charged in the debit system—not to mention credit card swipe fees, which have not been reformed at all. 
There is no doubt that swipe fees 
continue to distort the incentives in our payments system. Banks and card companies continue to shape the sys-tem to maximize fees instead of effi-ciency and security. Just look at the issue of card security technology. The banks ignored this for years—until my amendment made part of the debit swipe fee contingent on having effec-tive fraud prevention technology in place. 
Just a few weeks after my amend-
ment took effect in 2011, Visa finally announced a roadmap to promote adop-tion of smart-chip cards in the United States. MasterCard soon followed. That is good news, but unfortunately the banks and card networks are still steering away from using PINs on cards—even though the rest of the world uses a chip-and-PIN system and PINs mean lower fraud. Why avoid PINs? Because several other card com-panies compete with Visa and MasterCard on PIN transactions, and the competition means the fees are lower. Further reform is needed to cor-rect these skewed incentives. 
We have more work to do to make 
sure our credit and debit card systems are competitive, transparent and fair. I hope the Federal Reserve and my col-leagues in both parties will work with me in this effort. 
Unfortunately, when it comes to 
Dodd-Frank, Republicans in Congress have spent the past 5 years trying to undermine this legislation. We must not forget the lessons we learned from 
the financial crisis. We can’t go back to the system we had before Dodd- Frank. Instead let’s work together to protect what works, make constructive improvements, and expand Dodd- Frank’s reforms where needed. 
Remember, Wall Street used to get 
its way all the time around here, and they led us down a path that almost took our economy off a cliff. Let’s not go back there. Let’s promise the Amer-ican people that never again will Con-gress allow financial tricks and traps to bring our economy to near-ruin. 
I see one of my colleagues on the 
floor, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
TROOP SAFETY  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, the 
dangers our troops face extend beyond war zones and unfortunately to within our Nation’s borders, and it is time our policies reflect their risks no matter where they are stationed. 
Just like the attack at the Little 
Rock Army recruiting station and the tragedy at Fort Hood, the recent sense-less shootings in Chattanooga hap-pened when our troops were unarmed, leaving them no way to defend them-selves. 
I fully support the actions of Arkan-
sas Governor Asa Hutchinson to do what is necessary to protect the Ar-kansas National Guard by allowing members to be armed at guard installa-tions. However, the Governor only has authority over the Arkansas National Guard. While Governors of other States have issued similar directives, I urge Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and President Obama to order protec-tive measures at Department of De-fense installations. 
HONORING MARINE STAFF SERGEANT DAVID  
WYATT AND THE OTHER SERVICEMEMBERS  
WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE CHATTANOOGA  
TRAGEDY  
Mr. President, the vicious attack in 
Chattanooga changed the lives of the families of GySgt Thomas Sullivan, LCpl Squire Wells, Sgt Carson Holmquist, SSgt David Wyatt, and PO2 Randall Smith. 
The attack hit especially close to 
home for Arkansas, where SSgt David Wyatt grew up. While he no longer called Arkansas home, the State al-ways had a fond place in Staff Sergeant Wyatt’s heart. He often visited his fam-ily who still live in the Natural State and taught his children how to call the hogs. 
He was a 1998 graduate of Russellville 
High School. Staff Sergeant Wyatt was active in athletics and played in the school band. He also earned the Eagle Scout, the highest rank of the Boy Scouts. His Scoutmasters, classmates, and teachers fondly recalled David as a young man who was a natural leader with a lot of enthusiasm and a unique sense of humor. 
A career in the military was a nat-
ural fit for Staff Sergeant Wyatt, who came from a long line of military serv-ice. He enlisted in the Marines fol-
lowing the events of 9/11. During his 11 years in the military, Staff Sergeant Wyatt served in locations all over the world. He was well aware of the dan-gers of wearing the Nation’s uniform, having served deployments in Iraq and Afghanistan. His mom, Deborah Wyatt Boen, told the Russellville Courier that her son was proud to be a U.S. marine and called his fellow marines ‘‘broth-ers.’’ 
No one could have predicted the vio-
lence that targeted his life while he was working to protect and defend our Nation with his band of brothers. But with the nature of the current threats we face and with increased calls from groups such as ISIS to attack U.S. servicemembers at home, it is vital that we reevaluate our security prac-tices for all our military installations and fix any vulnerabilities that put our personnel at risk. 
On Thursday, July 16, 2015, SSgt 
David Wyatt made the ultimate sac-rifice for his selfless service to our Na-tion. SSgt David Wyatt is a true Amer-ican hero. 
I ask my colleagues to keep his wife 
Lorri, daughter Rebecca, son Heith, and the rest of his family and friends in their thoughts and prayers. 
On behalf of our grateful Nation, I 
humbly offer my appreciation and grat-itude for his selfless service and sac-rifice. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today 
the Senate has begun work on legisla-tion that would provide our States and communities across this great land the resources and reliability they need to soundly invest in our transportation infrastructure. After a full stumble start when our friends across the aisle decided to block our ability to proceed, they reconsidered, thankfully, and I am glad to see them join us to move forward on this sensible, bipartisan bill. 
To this Senator, the most important 
part of the bill is that it doesn’t kick the can down the road—at least not in the way we have done more than 30 dif-ferent times. We have had more than 30 short-term transportation patches, which is a terrible way to do business, and frankly it should be embarrassing to us that we haven’t been able to come up with a better solution. 
While a 3-year transportation bill is 
no panacea, it represents progress and avoids a lot of the unpredictability and wait-and-see problems our States have had when it comes to planning longer 
term projects. Fortunately, this multiyear bill restores some sanity by providing resources over a consistent and dependable period of time. It is ac-tually a 6-year bill. We have come up with a bipartisan group of pay-fors to take us 3 years out, but then hopefully we will continue to work on trying to find a way to pay for the last 3 years without adding to the deficit and debt, as has happened in the past. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.089 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5507 July 23, 2015 
This bill is really forward-looking, 
and this legislation provides the foun-dation for more commerce, more effi-cient travel, and more public safety by enhancing our transportation net-works. In doing so, it provides for a more stable economic climate for the next generation, as our States plan to meet the needs of a continually grow-ing population. 
I am thankful in Texas that with 
strong economic growth and a lot of people moving there—voting with their feet, as I like to say—from other parts of the country, we know the value of good infrastructure. And when the highway fights in Washington, DC, froze to a standstill, Texas stepped up to the plate and refused to wait. 
One example of that action that I 
mentioned earlier this week came last fall when Texans voted last November to overwhelmingly approve a measure that would provide an additional $1.7 billion to upgrade and maintain our vast transportation infrastructure. This came from a surplus in our rainy day fund. That proposal was approved with more than 80 percent of the vote, and in so doing, Texans clearly prioritized improved infrastructure and understood that by making our roads more efficient, we can decrease the 44 hours of car time that Texans spend stuck in traffic annually. 
The vote also showed that Texans re-
alized that our State is poised to grow significantly. In fact, our economy, which grew 5.2 percent last year com-pared to 2.2 percent nationwide—one reason our economy is growing is be-cause people are coming to Texas to pursue their dreams. We are going to need better roadways to absorb the es-timated 18 million vehicles expected to be added to our roads by the year 2040. This bill will help Texas manage the influx of people and vehicles so that we will have the transportation infra-structure to support the millions of new people who will call Texas home in the not too distant future. 
Texas has long known that good 
transportation infrastructure is part of what has made us the economic power-house we are today. Take, for example, the farm-to-market roads that opened more than 70 years ago, with the idea that our farmers and ranchers needed a reliable transportation network to get their livestock and crops to town. So basically our farm-to-market roads gave our rural areas more access to the towns and cities that purchased those goods. This helped Texas agriculture— a substantial part of our economy—and made it even more competitive by pro-viding a reliable method to transport our grown and raised goods to mar-ket—first around the local community, then around the State, and now around the country. 
Of course, I was pleased, along with a 
lot of folks in the agriculture sector in Texas, that we passed trade promotion authority with the promise of opening up even more markets around the world. Many generations have benefited 
from the investments we made in infra-structure to help them get efficiently from point A to point B. 
Just as the farm-to-market roads 
provided a more reliable transpor-tation network throughout rural Texas, this legislation includes vital resources that will upgrade rural routes and freight corridors in addition to improving the overall safety and ef-ficiency of nearly 20,000 miles of major roadways in Texas. 
While it is not perfect, as the Pre-
siding Officer knows, this bill rep-resents some progress. I wish I could say we have solved our transportation problems in perpetuity, but I don’t think that is possible. But doing it for 3 years beats the dickens out of an-other short-term patch, as I mentioned a moment ago, and kicking this can down the road does nothing to support the next chapter of population and eco-nomic growth. 
As we continue to discuss and review 
this legislation, I am going to continue to encourage our colleagues to consider just how much our entire country needs to strengthen the infrastructure projects that will hopefully help that 2.2 percent growth which we experi-enced in 2014 nationwide go upward and upward because that will create more jobs and more opportunity. 
We have also seen that under new 
leadership, starting this last January, we have been able to make incremental progress in a number of areas on a bi-partisan basis. Frankly, given the re-sponse I heard from many of my con-stituents last year when they com-plained to me about the dysfunction here in Washington, DC—even though, again, they are not necessarily saying we have met the mark, they are seeing that we are trying to work hard on a bipartisan basis to meet their needs, and I think this bill represents that kind of progress. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The Senator from Georgia. 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, as 
chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee of the U.S. Senate, I am proud to be joined by other members of the committee for a colloquy and a report to the American people on the progress we are making to hold the VA account-able for our veterans and our tax-payers. 
As all will remember, there was a 
terrible tragedy at the VA hospital in Phoenix last year. Because of missed appointments, erased records, consults that were removed, veterans waiting for services never got them, and in three cases they died. That was malfea-sance in office and brought a great scandal to the VA. 
In January, when our committee 
took hold, we decided to go to the Jus-tice Department and the inspector gen-eral and say: Go into the VA, inves-tigate these incidents that took place, and if we find criminal wrongdoing or civil wrongdoing, we should prosecute 
these people to make sure it doesn’t happen again. 
I am never happy when anybody is 
indicted, but I was satisfied that last Friday the first indictment came down from the Justice Department against a VA hospital employee—unfortunately, in my State of Georgia at the VA hos-pital in Augusta—for 50 counts of fal-sifying medical records, the results of which ended up benefiting the employ-ees and hurting veterans. 
I promise the American people and 
Members of the Senate that this is not going to be the last indictment. We are going to see to it that people are held accountable for their actions and that they do what is right morally and what is right legally. We owe nothing less and we owe nothing more to our vet-erans than that type of treatment. 
Yesterday the VA committee met, 
and we approved two great bills in our effort to bring about greater account-ability. One of those bills was the Rubio-Johnson bill, which allows the firing and holding of accountability of VA employees for malfeasance and misconduct in office for cause. 
As many people know, the VA often-
times in disciplining people just moved them to another job at the same pay because they can’t move them out of the system. So the accountability never takes place, there is no sense of accountability, and veterans are not well served. Thanks to the Rubio-John-son bill, people who for cause are ter-minated will have a brief hearing and a chance to justify their case, and if their case is not justified, they will be removed from the Veterans’ Adminis-tration health services agency and they will be fired. That is the type of accountability every American who is employed at their job has, and we think that is the same accountability every employee ought to have at the VA. 
After that, we then passed the Cas-
sidy-Ayotte bill, a bill that I was very proud of because Senator C
ASSIDY and 
Senator A YOTTE said the following: It 
is just not right for somebody who is not doing their job to get a bonus. 
As many people know, bonuses were 
paid in the VA last year to employees who were being reprimanded for mis-conduct and bad behavior. You cannot take a benefit away retroactively, and this bill does not do that, but it says to the VA prospectively that rewards and bonuses cannot be earned by those who are not conducting their job in the way they should. 
These are the types of accountability 
measures that people in the United States expect. 
As chairman of the committee, I al-
ways want to brag about the good things VA employees do, and they do a lot of good things. For every one scan-dal you hear about, there are hundreds of thousands of benefits veterans are receiving because of good, loyal em-ployees. But the best employees in the world are brought down a notch when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.092 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5508 July 23, 2015 
those who are not good are allowed to 
continue to stay on the job even if they are not performing or get bonuses when they are not performing. 
I am so proud of the Cassidy-Ayotte 
bill and Johnson-Rubio bill, which say to the American people that we are going to have accountability; we are going to pay bonuses for good behavior, not bad behavior; and if somebody doesn’t do their job, they will lose that job if that cause is justified. That is what the American people expect of the Senate, that is what they expect of our committee, and I am proud to report to the Senate today that started. 
I am also proud to yield to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, Mr. C
ASSIDY , a 
physician, a doctor who understands health services and who brought one of these accountability issues to the com-mittee yesterday. 
Senator C
ASSIDY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I thank 
the chairman. 
This week, the VA committee passed 
out of committee S. 627, which estab-lishes guidelines for the Secretary to deny bonuses to employees who have violated VA policy or law. It also en-sures information on reprimands will be kept in the employee’s permanent record. Our veterans deserve this bill. 
When the VA scandal erupted in 
Phoenix last year, then-VA Secretary Eric Shinseki rescinded the perform-ance award given in 2013 to the career senior executive who ran this Phoenix VA health care hospital—a bonus that the Department said was awarded be-cause of an administrative error. The employee appealed and a Federal judge directed the VA to repay the bonus de-spite the fact that the employee had improperly accepted more than $13,000 in gifts from a lobbyist and failed to re-port them and manipulated data to conceal excessive wait times for vet-erans seeking health care. 
The judge determined, however, that 
the VA did not have the authority to rescind her bonus. This is why many veterans do not trust the VA. Here is an administrator who, again, took $13,000 in gifts from a lobbyist, did not report them, manipulated data and, nonetheless, gets a bonus. This is, by the way, while veterans were allegedly dying prematurely because of the care not given at this facility. 
If we want to improve the VA sys-
tem, we need to focus on the quality of the workforce. Workforce morale was seriously affected by those who abused their authority and nonetheless re-ceived bonuses or those who do not have information on reprimands re-tained in their permanent record, meaning it is that much harder to dis-miss those employees who are not good. 
How does this incentivize honest 
workers to do a better job if we reward those who do not do good jobs? This is a commonsense solution that the American people will view as a signal that Congress is serious about improv-
ing veterans health care. In addition, S. 1082, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Accountability Act, a bill intro-duced by Senators R
UBIO and J OHNSON , 
would give the VA Secretary more flexibility to remove corrupt or poor- performing employees, not just top of-ficials. The bill would expand the au-thority of the 2014 Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act to the entire workforce of the VA, which has made it easier to remove senior execu-tives for wrongdoing. 
This bill would also extend the proba-
tionary period for new VA employees. A veteran once told me that his percep-tion was that the VA system was run for the benefit of employees, not for the benefit of the veteran who is the patient. This is incredibly unfair to the dedicated VA employees. But on the other hand, giving bonuses to those such as this Phoenix VA supervisor makes it understandable why he has this perception. 
The legislation I have spoken of 
today helps restore accountability to the VA system so that all will know that the VA is run first, foremost, and always for the veterans seen there as patients. 
I yield the floor to my colleague Sen-
ator R
OUNDS . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise 
today also to speak with regard to the work of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. The Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee yesterday passed some very critical legislation. It is great to see the chairman and the ranking member and how they worked together side by side—Republican and Democratic col-leagues working together to improve the lives of our veterans and truly to begin the process of reforming a broken VA system. 
More than a year ago, the VA wait 
list scandal was made public. One of the biggest reasons the problem grew so large was the lack of accountability within the VA. Yesterday, with bipar-tisan support, we reported out five bills. Among those were two bills fo-cused on bringing accountability to the VA. I would like to talk about that process and about what I learned as a freshman Senator, stepping in and watching—after listening to all of the stories about how the Senate was dys-functional and things were not working right; Republicans would not work with Democrats, and Democrats would not work with Republicans—how Chairman I
SAKSON and Ranking Mem-
ber B LUMENTHAL worked their way 
through these bills and unanimously passed them out of committee. 
I also watched as some members of-
fered amendments. The chairman sug-gested, strongly, that perhaps they should withdraw them because we did not have what we call pay-fors with them, where there might have been an expense, or we did not have a report saying whether it would add cost to a VA system that was also already short 
on funding in those particular areas. 
Rather than simply having votes and 
having acrimony, what those Members said was this: Would you work with us to see that our goals would be accom-plished? I watched as our chairman, along with Ranking Member B
LUMENTHAL , work to get the job done 
to make things better for veterans. It was not acrimonious. It was a matter of members of this committee working side by side committing to help each other make the VA perform better than what they have in the past. 
That is the type of work that we need 
in the Senate. It is what our people want us to do. It is what veterans want to have happen. So I am here to say this can be done and it can be done cor-rectly. I will also tell you that in talk-ing with members of that committee afterwards, there was real interest. Re-publicans and Democrats side by side were saying: Look, there were some good ideas offered in that committee, and they would make good amend-ments to the bill, but we had to know what the costs were. The commitment on both sides of the aisle was to find a way to work together. I commend the chairman, and I commend the ranking member for their work and the way that they worked through some very serious issues. 
The first one of those bills that I 
wanted to talk about was S. 1082, the Department of Veterans Affairs Ac-countability Act. It was introduced by Senators M
ARCO RUBIO and R ONJOHN-
SON. Senator J OHNSON I am sure will be 
here to speak because he understands exactly from his constituents what the need is to reform the system. 
This bill would allow for the removal 
or the demotion of employees of the VA based on performance or mis-conduct. It also gives the employee ample time to appeal the removal or demotion. Finally, it extended the pro-bationary period for Senior Executive Service employees to make sure the high-ups are doing their jobs correctly. 
The second one is S. 627, the Ayotte- 
Cassidy accountability bill. You have heard a little bit about it already. This bill would force VA employees who pur-posefully manipulated wait lists for veterans’ health care to repay their bonus. It seems like only common sense—the kind of common sense we have in South Dakota and that we like to have. I know the Presiding Officer’s home State in Nebraska has that kind of common sense. It says: If you are doing something wrong, you should not get paid a bonus and be allowed to con-tinue on. 
This behavior of any VA employee 
should not be tolerated—let alone re-warded. I am happy to see that this passed the committee, and it sends a message to the other hard-working em-ployees of the VA administration that their hard work is not going to be tainted by individuals who are not doing their job correctly. Let me just share this. I just have to share this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.093 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5509 July 23, 2015 
story. Some things you think you 
would not see, and yet, in South Da-kota, I have a good friend who is 83 years old. He is a veteran. 
All he wanted to do was to get a new 
set of glasses. He has diabetes. He wanted to get it through the VA. He had gone to his own optometrist be-cause in our part we don’t have con-tracts yet in the central part of South Dakota through the VA for optom-etrists. So he had gone in and had sepa-rately paid for the work of the optom-etrist. The optometrist had written a prescription. 
This veteran only wanted the VA to 
take care of the cost of the glasses. They expected him to travel over 150 miles to get to a VA facility to go get glasses. We sure don’t want him driv-ing. Yet that was the expectation—to come up. 
Look, this is the kind of stuff that 
makes people irritated with the system that should be helping veterans. Our office got involved with it. In fact, I of-fered to go on out and meet with the VA in Sturgis, SD, to find out what the problem was and why they would not deliver this. My staff suggested that I should simply stop by if they could not take care of the problem. 
The VA indicated at that point they 
would get it taken care of. But later they came back and suggested: Well, you know, we don’t know why this guy should get new glasses more than every 2 years. That is because their contract would not allow for it. That is not the type of attitude we want among VA of-ficials. That is not the way we should be treating our veterans. 
This is the reason that we want ac-
countability within the VA system. We found Republicans and Democrat side by side saying: We are going to fix it. Now, we have a long way to go. We have a man at the head of the VA right now that truly wants to fix it. He walked into the middle of a swamp, and he is up to his butt in alligators. But he is there to fix a problem. We want to do everything we can to give him the tools to get the job done right. 
Hopefully, next week we will start 
with fixing a budget problem they have by simply allowing them the flexibility to take the resources that are already there within the Department and move them into locations where they are more appropriate. That is what this is all about—using a little bit of common sense in Washington, DC, to fix a prob-lem for veterans that has gone on way too long. 
Today I wish to say thank you to our 
veterans, to those men and women that wear the uniform of the United States of America. We cannot say enough about what they have done for the rest of us here. But we can continue to tell them thank you time and again and to send a message that we are not going to allow them to go without the serv-ices that they are entitled to, the serv-ices that we want to render to them in an appropriate fashion, and that we will work until we get it done and get it done correctly. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise 
also to join my colleagues in support of a couple of bills that are supporting the finest among us. I certainly want to underscore the thanks that the Sen-ator from South Dakota expressed to the men and women of our military, people to whom we owe a huge debt of gratitude for defending this Nation and fighting for our freedoms. 
I also really want to thank the good 
Senator from Georgia, the chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, for in a very expeditious fashion taking up some very good pieces of legislation that will hold accountable those indi-viduals who are caring for the finest among us in our veterans health care centers. 
But before I address those bills, let 
me make a couple of points about the vast majority of men and women who are working in those VA health care centers. They are dedicated individ-uals, and they are doing a great job providing health care to the men and women of our Armed Forces. Upon be-coming a Senator for Wisconsin, I started visiting the VA medical facili-ties within our State and also in Min-neapolis, a center that also serves vet-erans from Wisconsin. 
What I found did not surprise me at 
all. I found those dedicated individuals, and they are providing excellent health care. The veterans I spoke to in the halls and throughout the State were very satisfied with the health care they were getting. They were more than sat-isfied. They heaped praise upon their care providers. 
The wait times were pretty long. The 
parking lots were pretty full. But again, they underscored certainly what I saw—that the vast majority of those men and women—the nurses, the doc-tors, the administrators—in our VA health care facilities are really dedi-cated to the task, and they are doing a great job for our veterans. But the fact of the matter is that they are not all doing a good job. It is not a perfect sys-tem—not by a long shot. I give the press corps a great deal of credit for breaking stories, first in Arizona, where we saw those long wait times ac-tually resulting in the deaths of some veterans. 
Then, in early January, I first be-
came aware, because of a news report, of a real problem in the Tomah, WI, VA health care facility. I think maybe the best way to approach this is to provide a timeline that I provided in a field hearing that we held. It was a joint field hearing between my committee, the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee in the House raising the issue in the com-munity. 
It was an excellent hearing. It af-
forded the surviving family members of some of the veterans who had died in the care of the Tomah VA center the ability to tell their stories, to make an 
impression, and to get the attention of the administrators of the VA to start correcting the problems. But in my opening statement, I laid out a timeline that I would like to repeat here. 
In April of 2003, Dr. David Houlihan 
was disciplined by the Iowa Board of Medicine for having an inappropriate relationship with a psychiatric patient. According to the executive director of the Iowa Board of Medicine, the sanc-tions should have been a serious con-
cern for future employers. 
That was April of 2003. In 2004, Dr. 
Houlihan was hired as a psychiatrist by the Tomah VA Medical Center. In Au-gust of 2005, Dr. Houlihan became chief of staff of the Tomah Medical Center. In November 2007, Kraig Ferrington, a veteran who sought treatment for medication management, died from a lethal mixture of drugs. Autopsy re-
sults showed Mr. Ferrington had seven drugs in his system. In April 2009, it was known and documented by employ-ees of Tomah VA that many patients had called him the Candy Man and that veterans were ‘‘prescribed large quan-tities of narcotics.’’ Again, that was April of 2009. 
In June of 2009, Dr. Noelle Johnson 
was fired from Tomah for refusing to fill prescriptions she believed to be un-safe. Dr. Johnson had raised concerns to her superiors, had sought guidance from the Iowa medical licensing board, and later spoke with the Drug Enforce-ment Administration about Dr. Houlihan. 
In July of 2009, Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick 
was fired from Tomah. Dr. Kirkpatrick had raised concerns to his union about overmedication at Tomah. Tragically, later that day, on the day of his termi-nation, Dr. Kirkpatrick committed sui-cide. 
In August of 2011, the VA Office of In-
spector General received an anonymous complaint about overprescription and retaliation by Dr. Houlihan at Tomah. 
In March of 2012, a second anonymous 
complaint was filed with the IG against Dr. Houlihan. The OIG examined 32 separate examinations during his 2
1⁄2- 
year-long inspection. 
In March of last year, 2014, the Office 
of Inspector General finished its in-spection of Tomah and administra-tively closed the case without making it public. 
On August 30 of 2014, Jason 
Simcakoski died in the Tomah mental health wing as a result of a mixed drug toxicity. Simcakoski was a patient of Dr. Houlihan. His autopsy revealed he had over a dozen different medications in his system. 
In September 2014, Ryan Honl began 
lodging whistleblower complaints about patient safety and quality of care at Tomah. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.095 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5510 July 23, 2015 
On January 8, 2015, the Center for In-
vestigative Reporting published an ar-ticle detailing overprescription and re-taliation at Tomah. The article re-vealed that veterans and employees re-ferred to the Tomah VA Medical Center as ‘‘Candy Land.’’ 
On January 12, 2015, Candace Delis 
brought her father, Thomas Baer, to the Tomah VA Medical Center with stroke-like symptoms. Mr. Baer waited over 2 hours for attention. That day the facility’s CT scanner was down for ‘‘routine preventive maintenance.’’ Mr. Baer passed away 2 days later. 
On February 26, 2015, the Office of In-
spector General finally posted its Tomah health care inspection report on its Web site. 
I called Candace Delis, the daughter 
of Thomas Baer, shortly after I heard of the tragic death of her father. I will never forget what she told me. She said: Ron, had I known the problems at the Tomah VA Medical Center, I never would have taken my father to the fa-cility, and my father would be alive today. 
I believe that to be a true statement. 
Accountability is something that is crucial in any organization. I ran a manufacturing plant for 31 years. I can’t tell you how corrosive it is to an organization if individuals within that organization are not doing their job, not pulling their full weight, under-mining the shared goals of the organi-zation. It is corrosive. 
I was surprised when I offered a piece 
of legislation and the chairman of the VA committee allowed me to present that piece of legislation to the com-mittee, the Ensuring Veterans Safety Through Accountability Act, and the VA representatives at that hearing were opposed to holding medical pro-fessionals accountable. 
Fortunately, the chairman, the Sen-
ator from Georgia, agreed with me that the only way we are going to reform this system, the only way we can make sure we honor promises through our VA health centers to the finest among us—the men and women of the mili-tary—is by holding individuals ac-countable, which is exactly how the bill was reported out, sponsored by the Senator from Florida. 
I truly thank him for his leadership 
on this issue, and I am pleased to join him as the lead sponsor of that bill. The Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability Act of 2015 will hold every employee within the VA account-able. That is crucial. 
Again, I thank our veterans, I thank 
the Senator from Florida, the Senator from Georgia, and I urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. Let’s get it passed. Let’s start holding those few bad apples—and I truly be-lieve that. I think it is just a few peo-ple who need to be held accountable. 
A little postscript to my timeline, 
and I think one of the reasons this piece of legislation is so important is even with that record dating back to 2004—and by the way, our own commit-tee’s investigation shows there are em-
ployees of the Tomah VA who were re-ferring to the Tomah VA back then as ‘‘Candy Land.’’ It is crucial we hold those people accountable. But to date, nobody—after multiple deaths caused by the overprescription of opiates, after the death of Thomas Baer, a vet-eran who basically died of neglect—has been held accountable by being fired, by being terminated. 
Again, there is not, from my perspec-
tive, any joy in terminating an em-ployee, but for the good of the organi-zation or to honor the promise of the finest among us, that type of account-ability is absolutely necessary. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about the west coast port slowdown and comments that were made by the administration as they re-late to that slowdown, along with leg-islation I have introduced called the PORTS Act, legislation I hope to pur-sue during the transportation debate we are going to commence with over the next several days and also as it re-lates to that west coast port slowdown, the economic impact that slowdown had on our economy. 
On June 30 of last year, the labor 
contract that covered nearly 20,000 workers at 29 west coast ports expired. Port management and the ILWU began negotiations a year before, but in Sep-tember of 2014 those talks ground to a standstill. Instead of remaining at the table and trying to find a solution and negotiating in good faith, both parties decided to begin jockeying for lever-age. 
The longshoremen purposefully 
slowed down their work and drastically decreased productivity while still tak-ing home a full day’s pay. In the real world, employees can’t show up at work and not do their work or slow it down dramatically, not have the pro-ductivity they are expected to, and still get everything they want, but in the back worlds of labor union politics at the ports, that is business as usual. And business has been good at the ports. 
According to employer data, a full- 
time longshoreman earns about $130,000 a year, full-time employment $130,000 a year, while foremen earn about $210,000. That is a pretty good pay-check, and the contract raises these wages even higher. 
Workers pay nothing for health cov-
erage that includes no premiums and $1 prescriptions. Providing this health care costs employers about $35,000 per employee per year. They are also eligi-ble for a maximum pension of over $80,000 per year upon retirement, so $130,000 salary for a longshoreman, $210,000 if you are a foreman, $35,000 for health benefits, and $80,000 per year worth of pension upon retirement. 
But what happened for the rest of us 
this past year when the slowdown oc-curred on the 29 west coast ports, the effect of the slowdowns weren’t just 
limited to the port owners. When the longshoremen decided to slow down their work, the goods flowing through these ports backed up and inter-national trade ground to a halt. 
This has had devastating economic 
impacts in States far beyond the west coast and around the Nation as a whole. Nine excruciating months after the labor contract expired, the parties finally reached a deal but not before costing U.S. businesses and consumers billions upon billions of dollars and ru-ining the credibility of our exporters abroad. 
When it comes to the administration, 
though, the response was pretty alarm-ing as well. Labor Secretary Perez was just asked about this economic disaster of the west coast ports slowdown when visiting the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. His response: ‘‘The collec-tive bargaining process worked.’’ 
As a result of the west coast port 
slowdown, the administration’s re-sponse was: ‘‘The collective bargaining process worked.’’ 
The Labor Secretary made these 
comments while visiting Los Angeles, Long Beach, the two busiest ports of the country. So let’s take a look at what the collective bargaining process did at those ports. This is a ship finder map of Los Angeles and Long Beach showing ships anchored offshore this week. This is recent data. These are ships that are anchored off the shore of Los Angeles and Long Beach just this past week. This is what it looks like when the ports are operating and func-tioning normally. 
You will notice there is a lot of blue 
ocean and not many ships anchored off-shore. Ships can quickly unload im-ported products and load American- made exports for distribution around the world. There is no backup, no con-gestion, and no disruption to our coun-try’s economy. 
But this is what Los Angeles and 
Long Beach—the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach—looked like during the slowdown during the crisis. Dozens upon dozens of ships anchored and idled waiting for ships in port to be un-loaded. 
You can see all the ships that are 
backed up compared to the previous chart. The Journal of Commerce re-ported that there were 32 ships an-chored off the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach at one point during the slowdown. There has been a lot of dis-cussion recently about the need for a long-term surface transportation bill that invests in 21st century infrastruc-ture, but just take a look at the kind of dysfunction antiquated labor laws can cause. 
This is an aerial shot. You can see 
this is off the wing of an airplane where you can see all of the ships that are backed up waiting at these ports to be unloaded, ships that carry the goods 
for our economy, the goods that make our economy run. Congestion like this is a nightmare for American farmers, businesses, and consumers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.097 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5511 July 23, 2015 
Farm exporters were charged exorbi-
tant fees for warehouse space to store their agricultural goods as they rotted and spoiled. Meat and poultry compa-nies alone faced port charges in excess of $30 million per week. So if people were earning $130,000 a year and not doing their work unloading ships, American farmers, poultry, and meat 
producers were charged $30 million per week. Businesses further up the supply chain were also affected. 
One large U.S. base manufacturer has 
calculated the cost of lost sales, ware-house space, additional inventory, and transportation at $100 million in total as a result of the delays at the west coast ports. Those are just the direct costs. 
American businesses also lost credi-
bility and future customers as the for-eign buyers turned to other nations for more stable supplies. 
The Wall Street Journal recently re-
ported that the west coast port delays forced layoffs and downsizing in the U.S. leather industry. Chinese tanners 
are now turning to European and Bra-zilian producers to fill their orders. This is a $3 billion industry that had to lay off workers because of the dispute of the west coast ports. 
Apparently, the administration again 
thinks the process worked just as it was supposed to work. Efficient trade through U.S. ports is critical to main-taining and growing economic oppor-tunity in States across this country. According to the American Association of Port Authorities, U.S. ports support 23 million jobs, and the value of related economic activity accounts for 26 per-cent of our national GDP. Twenty-six percent of our national GDP comes from our ports system. Contract nego-tiations related to labor disputes at our ports clog up these vital arteries and cause problems throughout our na-tional supply chain. 
If you need further proof of whether 
this impacted our economy—that pic-ture we just saw of all the ships stacked up at L.A. and the ports in California—according to Federal Re-serve economists, the disruptions on the west coast were great enough to af-fect the entire economic output of the country. 
This chart shows the quarterly 
change in national GDP. Once negotia-tions stalled, you will notice GDP growth started to decline. So here we are in the third quarter of 2014. Re-member, we started talking about Sep-tember of 2014, when the slowdowns really started. By the time we get to the last quarter of 2014 and the first quarter of 2015, you can see the labor dispute contributing to the decline of our national GDP. Our economy shrank as a result of port slowdown. 
In the first quarter of this year, when 
the slowdowns were in full swing, the economy actually shrank by 0.2 per-cent. You can see it, in the third quar-ter—this is the last quarter—to the first quarter of this year. Twenty-six percent of our GDP depends on these ports. The Fed economists also found that 
disruptions disproportionately affected exporters sending American-made goods abroad for sale overseas. Export-ers didn’t have access to imported raw materials and parts they needed to build their products. This caused sup-ply chains to back up and eventually reduced output and employment. 
So the Fed is telling us that the col-
lective bargaining process at the ports measurably reduced economic growth and American jobs across the country by crippling American businesses, but only in the backward worlds of labor union politics could this economic dis-aster be considered everything is work-ing just fine. Only in a union-domi-nated industry could this catastrophe be considered a success. 
That is why I have introduced the 
PORTS Act. Our legislation would dis-courage disruptions at U.S. ports and incentivize speedy resolution of dis-putes by strengthening and expanding the well-known Taft-Hartley process. 
Over 100 national agricultural, manu-
facturing, and retail organizations sup-port the PORTS Act because they are fed up with the status quo. They dis-agree with the administration, which thinks shrinking our economy is every-thing working just fine. 
There are some who oppose the 
PORTS Act, and those are the labor unions. In fact, earlier this month, the AFL–CIO put out a statement saying legislation like the PORTS Act was not needed. You can see what has happened without the PORTS Act is economic decline, people being laid off, farmers losing millions of dollars, products rot-ting in warehouses because of the backups. 
In just 5 years—5 years from now— 
the labor contracts on both the east coast and the west coast will expire. Imagine what would happen if we had labor disputes occurring on the west coast and the east coast at the same time, people who were willing to threaten that 26 percent of our na-tional GDP over a dispute, while the administration says everything is working just fine. It is critical we have the necessary tools in place to prevent another debilitating crisis. 
If we learned anything from this past 
dispute, it is that Labor Secretary Perez is wrong—the current process does not work. And the AFL–CIO is wrong—legislation like the PORTS Act is desperately needed. 
I urge my colleagues in the Senate to 
join me in supporting this important legislation. Let us not pinch our econ-omy in an economic vice from the east and the west. Let’s find economic op-portunity to grow our Nation together. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for 
the information of all Senators, reg-ular order would have produced a vote on the motion to proceed at 2 a.m. to-night. For the information of all Sen-ators, that vote will actually occur at 9 a.m. tomorrow. So there will be no further votes tonight. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, Sen-
ator M URKOWSKI and I released a bipar-
tisan energy bill. We hope to mark up that bill next week, but critical to that Energy bill is the modernization of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
Forty years ago, we created the Stra-
tegic Petroleum Reserve to prevent economic distress caused by oil disrup-tion. People remember exactly what happened with the Arab oil embargo in 1973. The law that created the SPRO— the Energy Policy Conservation Act— was enacted in 1975 specifically to help protect the U.S. economy from energy disruptions. 
The core policy reason for having the 
reserve really hasn’t changed, nor should it. The Strategic Petroleum Re-serve is an important asset to our en-ergy security. We need it as much today as we did then. Perhaps even more so now that we have so much vol-atility. 
Clearly, we have seen dramatic 
changes in our energy policy landscape. Instead of importing a lot of oil, we have become a bigger producer in the United States, and our oil infrastruc-ture and refining capacity has reduced our ability to make sure SPR is avail-able in case of an emergency. 
In fact, the Department of Energy 
did a test sale in 2014 and identified a series of challenges associated with the way the SPR distribution works today. That is why I think it is so important. These very supplies that make us more secure in one respect are also stressing our national infrastructure and may actually lessen our ability to respond in an emergency. That is why it is so important to modernize the SPRO, to use the resources we have there, to make sure we make investments. 
Some may have seen the Quadrennial 
Energy Review recently produced and released. Its key findings—I am now reading from the report—show that multiple factors affect U.S. energy se-curity. These include U.S. oil demand, the level of oil imports, the adequacy of emergency response systems, fuel in-ventory levels, fuel substitution capac-ity, energy system resilience, and the flexibility, transparency, and competi-tiveness of the global energy market-place. 
The report goes on to say the United 
States is the world’s largest producer of petroleum and natural gas. Com-bined with new clean energy tech-nologies and improved fuel efficiency, U.S. energy security is stronger than it has been in over half a century. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.099 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5512 July 23, 2015 
But the report goes on to say: None-
theless, challenges remain in maxi-mizing that energy security benefits of our resources in a way that enhances our competitiveness and minimizes our environmental impacts of their use. The network of the oil distribution has changed significantly. 
So the Strategic Petroleum Reserve’s 
ability to offset future energy supply disruption has been adversely affected by global domestic and global market development, and so there is a need for an upgrade. 
I think people can all agree it needs 
an upgrade. So that is why we raise a question about a transportation bill on the floor that takes money out of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve not to up-grade that energy security need but to put it into highways, which will do nothing to secure us if there is an en-ergy supply disruption. 
The report goes on to say the capac-
ity of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to protect the U.S. economy from se-vere economic harm in the event of a supply emergency associated with spikes has been diminished. It has been diminished. 
Changes in U.S. energy production 
are stressing and transforming the way energy commodities are transported in the United States. Some of these com-modities, the report goes on to say, such as coal and ethanol have tradi-tionally relied on rail and barge trans-port to move these products. These transportation modes, such as rail, barge, and truck transport, are also shared by agriculture and other major commodities and are being joined by significant growth in the use of trans-port of oil and refined petroleum prod-ucts. 
So it creates a limited infrastructure 
capacity among these commodities. The report goes on to say that those costs are being increased in shipping and then being passed on to the con-sumer. So literally, by taking money out of the SPR and not investing it in the modernization of our energy infra-structure and security—we are taking money and building highways—we are making it more expensive for con-sumers to get products and to secure our economy. 
The Department of Agriculture has 
indicated that disruptions to agricul-tural shipments—that is, agricultural products that can’t get on the rails be-cause we have so much oil, natural gas, coal, and all these other things or just sand for drilling—are basically causing a disruption so big that it is bigger than the disruption to agriculture caused by Katrina. 
So we have supply. But the economic 
challenge of having other products dis-placed or having the cost to consumers go up is what is threatening us. Even the ability to maintain adequate coal stockpiles at some electric powerplants has been affected by rail congestion. That comes directly from the report. Why is that so important? Because all these energy commodities are impor-tant to us. These agricultural commod-
ities are important for us. 
The quadrennial review calls for an 
update to the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve. The Department of Energy should make infrastructure invest-ments to the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve and its distribution systems to optimize the SPR’s ability to protect the U.S. economy in an energy emer-gency. That is right from the report. The report calls for creating a multimodal freight program to make sure we improve investment in freight and to make sure there is Federal ac-tion on shared transportation infra-structure that makes sure we can move our energy products. 
It says we have to work on our water-
ways as well because the waterways are critical to moving our energy prod-ucts around. 
The report goes on to say that the 
Federal facility that consists of a net-work of 62 salt caverns at four geo-graphically dispersed storage sites need upgrading. A lot of this is hap-pening in the south of our country, in Louisiana and Texas. We need to make sure our economy does not see another disruption or price spike without our ability to update the SPR and actually get the product out. 
The report called on DOE to make a 
$2 billion investment to increase the incremental distribution of SPR by adding a dedicated marine loading- dock capacity at a gulf coast ter-minus—my guess, again, is probably in Texas or Louisiana—and that Congress should update the SPR to be more ef-fective in preventing serious economic hardships to the U.S. energy supply and making sure we optimize our ca-pacity for infrastructure distribution. The report also calls for an additional $2.5 billion over 10 years to make sure we are making these connectors. 
So not only are we required to do 
this as a country—to make sure that our country is safe and secure and that we take advantage of the product we have—but we are also a member of the International Energy Program. As to members, they make sure every coun-try is doing what they should to make sure there is an increase in supply and that we can withstand anything—a world event, a natural disaster, a hur-ricane or critical infrastructure de-struction by some cyber event or by an actual attack. So the SPR is like a rainy day fund, an account that makes that infrastructure work. 
There are two things in particular we 
should consider when we are thinking about the drawdown of this product that is not specifically tied to an emer-gency. 
First, we should make sure this in-
vestment is an upgrade to the SPR’s infrastructure and for its emergency capabilities. That is, if we are going to take money out, it should go to infra-structure in responding to emergencies and not just to the highway bill for highways. We need to make sure the SPR’s critical systems and equipment, which are nearing their life-end oper-
ational capacity—that in fact there is the $2 billion that is needed to repair that. I am not even sure you can sell money out of the SPR now onto the marketplace because all of the apparatuses and the functioning capa-bilities for it don’t work correctly now. I know we want to mark up a transpor-tation bill that has this money in here, but we may not even be able to collect on it. Let’s make sure we do our re-pairs. 
Secondly, let’s make sure the re-
ceipts from the SPR sale should be used to improve the critical urgency and energy infrastructure investments that we need. 
Now, some of my colleagues talk 
about how expensive this oil was when we bought it and now what we are sell-ing it for. I could say taxpayers are definitely not getting their fair share. But one way to make sure they get their fair share on this investment is to make sure it is invested in the en-ergy security infrastructure that our Nation needs. Now would not be the time to damage our Nation’s emer-gency preparedness by giving this money away in a transportation deal that is only about highways. 
I hope, my colleagues, if we are real-
ly serious about this effort, if we are going to sell SPR at any price and af-fect the American taxpayers, that we will follow the recommendations of the Department of Energy’s Quadrennial Energy Review that found that many different areas of our energy infra-structure need investing. We could make investments in resiliency, reli-ability, and security, and focusing on hardening our infrastructure, particu-larly our transportation systems, which are going to be critical for how we move this product around in the fu-ture, and, also so that we have port connectors, which are challenged by the movement of critical freight in critical freight corridors. 
We want our country to continue to 
be self-reliant and to have the great products we are exporting through our ports, but they too need the infrastruc-ture investment. Multiple commodities are competing, and they can’t even get on the tracks or through our port cor-ridors without making further invest-ment. 
I believe the Secretary of Energy 
needs the flexibility to manage the SPR and the SPR assets. I believe, if the Secretary of Energy or the Presi-dent of the United States thought it was such a great idea to sell money out of the SPR for highways only, we would hear them saying so. We don’t. 
I think we need to provide the Sec-
retary with the dependability to make these decisions about our energy secu-rity and make the right investments for our future. I hope we can get this right before this bill is done here in the Senate. Otherwise, we will not be doing ourselves any favor when it comes to energy or energy security. 
I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.101 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5513 July 23, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
(The remarks of Mr. B LUMENTHAL  
pertaining to the introduction of S. 1856 are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES 
ACT 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, July 
26, 2015, marks the 25th anniversary of the enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act. I would like to take a moment to discuss the importance of this landmark legislation and to high-light the strides we have made in mak-ing our communities more inclusive. 
It is estimated that nearly one in five 
Americans have a disability. Upon its passage, the ADA was hailed as the world’s first comprehensive declaration of equality for people with disabilities. It established a clear national mandate that we as a nation have a moral re-sponsibility to ensure that all Ameri-cans have access to the programs and the support needed to contribute to so-ciety, live with dignity, and achieve a high quality of life. Over the past 25 years, the ADA has expanded opportu-nities for Americans with disabilities by reducing barriers and changing per-ceptions and increasing full participa-tion in all areas of public life, includ-ing the workforce, education, and transportation. Because of this legisla-tion, we have made tremendous progress in eliminating barriers to ev-eryday life for Americans living with disabilities. 
Unfortunately, even after 25 years, 
we still live in a world where people with disabilities have fewer work op-portunities and higher rates of unem-ployment than people without disabil-ities. We still have more work to do to ensure that the basic civil rights of persons with disabilities are fully pro-tected and respected, but the ADA was an important step forward in achieving these goals. 
Through passage of the ADA, we have 
made more progress on this issue than anyone ever dreamed of 25 years ago. We should be proud of these efforts to make our communities more inclusive, 
and we should honor this important an-niversary by continuing our efforts to ensure that no person with a disability experiences prejudice, discrimination, or barriers to living full and productive lives. 
f 
REMEMBERING TROY ELAM 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the life of Troy B. Elam, of Middletown, OH, and to recognize his legacy and service to our Nation. 
Troy was born in Knox County, KY, 
on May 31, 1926. He was the son of John Nathan Elam and Alice (Clouse) Elam and passed away on July 17, 2015. 
Part of our ‘‘greatest generation,’’ 
Troy Elam served his country valiantly in WWII. A decorated WWII combat veteran, Troy Elam was awarded two Bronze Stars for service on the front lines as part of a U.S. Army machine gun squad in the Battle of the Bulge and the Battle of Remagen. His unit liberated a Nazi concentration camp and Troy was proud to be part of the honor guard 21-gun salute for a Dutch soldier who died after being liberated. 
In addition to being a WWII veteran, 
he was a longtime and dedicated me-chanic at the Portman Equipment Company. Troy raised his family in Middletown, OH, and is survived by his wife of 71 years, Dorothy Mae (Helton) Elam, his children Diane McCowan, Troy D. Elam, Don Elam, and Jerry Elam, 9 grandchildren, and 14 great- grandchildren. 
Troy Elam was an American hero. He 
will be missed, but his legacy will not be forgotten. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
SAMUEL SHAPIRO & COMPANY 
100TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to Samuel Shapiro & Com-pany, a Baltimore-based customs broker and freight forwarder, on the occasion of the firm’s 100th anniver-sary. Founded by Samuel Shapiro in 1915, Shapiro & Co. has since become one of our country’s leaders in domes-tic and international shipping, with lo-cations across the eastern seaboard. 
From navigating the intricacies of 
international cargo management to providing client consultation on im-port and export compliance, Shapiro & Co. has distinguished itself as a center of innovation, extensive business acu-men, and creativity. Strong family and community ties lie at the real heart of the company, which has been family- owned since its founding. 
Samuel Shapiro, a son of Russian im-
migrants, founded Samuel Shapiro & Company at age 20 just as our Nation was beginning to emerge onto the glob-al stage, economically, politically, and socially. Our European allies were in the midst of war, driving the need for American-made goods ever higher. Des-ignated by the U.S. Government as the 
Port of Baltimore’s distribution broker for grain exports, Shapiro & Co., though small, began to build a reputa-tion for effectiveness and reliability among European businesses during the postwar reconstruction period. Throughout the 1920s, 1930s, and 1940s, Shapiro & Co. continued to expand, 
helping to cement the city of Balti-more as one of the Nation’s premier commercial ports. 
In the 1950s, Shapiro & Co., driven by 
the strong leadership of Samuel and his son Sigmund, emerged as an influential force in lobbying for the establishment of the Maryland Port Authority in 1956 and in advocating for the growth of the port, supporting the construction of the Dundalk Marine Terminal in the late 1950s and early 1960s. Shapiro & Co. continued to serve as an economic force through some of Baltimore’s most difficult times, throughout the eras of upheaval and relocation in the 1960s and 1970s. 
After a lifetime of devotion to the 
city of Baltimore, Samuel Shapiro passed away at the age of 92 in the mid- 1980s. Today, the company is headed by president and CEO Marjorie Shapiro, Samuel’s granddaughter. Shapiro, as the company is known today, has evolved from a one-room office with a $5 roll-top desk to a well-respected and highly regarded industry leader and Baltimore institution. The Port of Bal-timore is more vibrant than ever, due in part to the stewardship of Shapiro & Co. In 2014, the Port brought in 29.5 million tons of foreign exports at a value of $52.5 billion. I ask my col-leagues to join me in celebrating the legacy of this outstanding company, which embodies the values that we honor most as Americans: hard work, a commitment to family, and tireless dedication. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LESLEY ROBINSON 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Lesley Robinson, the newly elected member of the Executive Com-mittee of the National Association of Counties, NACo, as Montanan of the Week. Mrs. Robinson was recognized during NACo’s 80th Annual Conference and will now act as the regional rep-resentative for the western region of the United States. Mrs. Robinson will also serve as vice chair of NACo’s Pub-lic Lands Steering Committee, which oversees all matters pertaining to fed-erally-owned public lands. 
As a rancher from Dodson, MT, Mrs. 
Robinson understands the western life-style and hopes to protect the interests of Montana and other western counties while working on the executive com-mittee. Mrs. Robinson wants to high-light issues regarding resource man-agement, endangered species protec-tion, and wildfire prevention. 
Beyond her work at NACo, Mrs. Rob-
inson is also an active member of her community. She works with local orga-nizations like the Bear Paw Develop-ment Corporation, Phillco Economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.104 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5514 July 23, 2015 
Council, Phillips Transit Authority 
and the Joint Powers Trust, and the Montana Stockgrowers Association. I am proud to see Montana being rep-resented by women like Mrs. Robinson, who have dedicated their lives to im-proving the betterment of Montana and the west for all. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARA BECK 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Cara Beck, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Cara is a graduate of Mitchell High 
School in Mitchell, SD. Currently, she is attending Augustana College, where she is majoring in history and political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of her internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Cara for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LEAH GOSCH 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Leah Gosch, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Leah is a graduate of Great Plains 
Lutheran High School and is from Rapid City, SD. Currently, she is at-tending South Dakota State Univer-sity, where she is majoring in elec-trical engineering. She is smart, hard-working, and has been an incredible asset to our office. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Leah for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DUSTIN SANTJER 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Dustin Santjer, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Dustin is a graduate of Central High 
School in Aberdeen, SD. Currently, he is attending the University of South Dakota, where he is majoring in fi-nance and political science. He is intel-ligent, hardworking, and has truly made the most of his internship here. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Dustin for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRANDON V ANBEEK 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Brandon VanBeek, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Brandon is from Beresford, SD and is 
a graduate of the Netherlands Re-formed Christian School. Currently, he 
is attending the University of South Dakota, where he is majoring in polit-ical science. He is a hard worker who has been dedicated to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Brandon for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JULIA ALVAREZ 
HIERRO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Julia Alvarez Hierro, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Julia is a student at the Universidad 
Pontificia de Comillas, where she is double majoring in international rela-tions and translating and interpreting. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Julia for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GABRIELLE GERECHT 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Gabrielle Gerecht, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Gabrielle is a student at McGill Uni-
versity where she is majoring in inter-national development. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Gabrielle for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN HOGAN 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Ryan Hogan, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Ryan is a student at Ohio State Uni-
versity where he is majoring in psy-chology. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Ryan for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CALEB ORR 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Caleb Orr, a 2015 summer in-tern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Caleb is a rising senior at Abilene 
Christian University, where he is ma-joring in political science and soci-ology. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Caleb for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILL PIERESON 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Will Piereson, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Will is a student at Harvard Law 
School where he is studying national security and cyber law. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Will for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIELA RAMIREZ 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Daniela Ramirez, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Washington, DC, of-fice, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Daniela is a student at the Univer-
sity of Tampa, where she is majoring in both criminology and government and world affairs. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Daniela for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANDREW RIDDAUGH 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Andrew Riddaugh, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Andrew is a student at Florida State 
University, where he is majoring in po-litical science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Andrew for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KEVIN RUBIO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Kevin Rubio, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.035 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5515 July 23, 2015 
Kevin is a student at the University 
of South Carolina, where he is major-ing in both history and political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Kevin for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JARED BLACKBURN 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Jared Blackburn, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Orlando, FL, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Jared is a student at the University 
of Florida, where he is majoring in po-litical science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Jared for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHANIE BONTELL 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Stephanie Bontell, a 2015 summer intern in my Orlando, FL, of-fice for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Stephanie is a student at South-
eastern University, where she is major-ing in legal studies. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Stephanie for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGIO D ELATORRE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Sergio De La Torre, a 2015 summer intern in my Orlando, FL, of-fice for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Sergio is a student at the University 
of Florida, where he is majoring in po-litical science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Sergio for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD EL-RASSY 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Richard El-Rassy, a 2015 summer intern in my Orlando, FL, of-fice for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Richard is a student at the Univer-
sity of Florida, where he is majoring in business administration. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Richard for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEIDRE FRAGAPANE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Deidre Fragapane, a 2015 Summer intern in my Orlando, FL, of-fice for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Deidre is a student at the University 
of Central Florida, where she is major-ing in political science. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Deidre for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SABRINA JEROME 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Sabrina Jerome, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Orlando, FL, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Sabrina is a student at the Univer-
sity of Central Florida, where she is majoring in legal studies. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Sabrina for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT MILLER 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Robert Miller, a 2015 summer intern in my Orlando, FL, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Robert is a student at the University 
of Central Florida, where he is major-ing in political science. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Robert for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ARTEM POLOVIKOV 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Artem Polovikov, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Orlando, FL, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Artem is a student at the University 
of Florida, where he is majoring in po-litical science. He is a dedicated and 
diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Artem for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRITTANY SHAUL 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Brittany Shaul, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Orlando, FL, office for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Brittany is a student at the Univer-
sity of Central Florida, where she is majoring in political science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Brittany for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHEN SOTO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Stephen Soto, a 2015 summer intern in my Orlando, FL, office for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Stephen is a student at Florida State 
University, where he is majoring in po-litical science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Stephen for all the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARC SZNAPSTAJLER 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Marc Sznapstajler, a 2015 summer intern in my Orlando, FL, of-fice for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Marc is a student at the University 
of Central Florida, where he is major-ing in political science. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Marc for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GRACE WILLOUGHBY 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Grace Willoughby, a 2015 summer intern in my Orlando, FL, of-fice for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Grace is a student at the University 
of Florida, where she is majoring in po-litical science. She is a dedicated and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.053 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5516 July 23, 2015 
diligent worker who has been devoted 
to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Grace for all the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING SIX C FABRICATION 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, small 
businesses are often able to provide specialized customer service in their industries, with the ability to attract talented employees who are motivated to work hard and focus on innovation. This week, I am proud to recognize Six C Fabrication of Winnfield, LA, as Small Business of the Week. 
Robin Cummings founded Six C Fab-
rication in 1990 as a small shop in Winnfield, LA, with the name origi-nating from the ‘‘C’’ of the family name and ‘‘six’’ counting for the mem-bers of the Cummings family, including Robin, his wife, and their four children. Robin’s intent with Six C Fabrication was to provide Louisiana with the best available and most efficient service for fabrication. The Louisiana-based busi-ness was originally focused on lumber, but later expanded to other divisions— leading to exponential growth in rev-enue and employees. Today, Six C has 425 employees between its headquarters in North Louisiana and two facilities in Ohio. Cummings and his team now specialize in fabrication of compressor stations, power piping, process piping, petrochemical operations, pressure valves, and pulp and paper industries, in addition to their original lumber services. Additionally, Six C Fabrica-tion offers a full range of welding serv-ices using state of the art equipment— all aimed at meeting the spectrum of their customers’ needs. 
In recent years, the company has 
made tremendous strides toward suc-cess, from once having a gross income of $300,000 to now averaging a gross in-come of $46 million. Six C’s central lo-cation provides optimal transportation options, resulting in timely turn- around and an additional extension of their unrivaled customer service. Six C has received numerous awards and rec-ognitions, including the 2008 Business of the Year for Winnfield, LA, Lou-isiana Workers’ Compensation Corpora-tion 70 Safest Companies of 2010 award, and 2011 Kisatchie-Delta Entrepreneur of the Year, among others. 
Congratulations again to Six C Fab-
rication for being selected as Small Business of the Week. We appreciate and recognize your success and con-tribution to Louisiana’s manufacturing industry and local economy. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:56 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1734. An act to amend subtitle D of 
the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combus-tion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2352. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2353. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Kenneth J. Glueck, Jr., United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2354. A communication from the Senior 
Vice President/Chief Financial Officer, Fed-eral Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Bank’s 2014 Annual Report, 2014 Management Re-port, Statement on the System of Internal Controls, and Audited Financial Statements; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2355. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Financial Officer, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2356. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of the national emergency with re-spect to the former Liberian regime of Charles Taylor that was established in Exec-utive Order 13348 on July 22, 2004; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2357. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Mid-Ses-sion Review of the Budget of the U.S. Gov-ernment for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Com-mittees on Appropriations; and the Budget. EC–2358. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Exhibit Submission Requirements for Commission 
Hearings’’ (Docket No. RM15–5–000) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–2359. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Certain Industrial Equipment: Energy Conservation Standards and Test Procedures for Commercial Heat-ing, Air-Conditioning, and Water-Heating Equipment’’ ((RIN1904–AD23) (Docket No. EERE–2014–BT–STD–0015)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–2360. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Rhode Is-land; Control of Volatile Organic Compounds from Adhesives and Sealants’’ (FRL No. 9930– 94–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2361. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–50) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2362. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modification of No-tice 2015–4’’ (Notice 2015–51) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2363. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 20, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2364. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of the National Coordi-nator for Health Information Technology, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Health Resources Priority and Allocations Systems (HRPAS)’’ (RIN0991–AB94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 16, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2365. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Labeling; Nutrition Labeling of Standard Menu Items in Res-taurants and Similar Retail Food Establish-ments; Extension of Compliance Date’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.024 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5517 July 23, 2015 
((RIN0910–AG57) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N– 
0172)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2366. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Hearing Before the Food and Drug Administration; Tech-nical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2015–N– 0011) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2367. A communication from the Senior 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Potomac Electric Power Company, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Company’s Bal-ance Sheet as of December 31, 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–2368. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–99, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2369. A communication from the 
Human Resources Specialist (Executive Re-sources), Small Business Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Administrator, Small Business Administra-tion, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
EC–2370. A communication from the Execu-
tive Director, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s 2013 Annual Report to the President and Congress; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2371. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, an annual report relative to ac-complishments made under the Airport Im-provement Program for fiscal year 2011; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2372. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Annual Report: The U.S. Department of Transpor-tation’s (DOT) Status of Actions Addressing the Safety Issue Areas on the National Transportation Safety Board’s (NTSB) Most Wanted List’’; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2373. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Numbering Policies for Modern Communications, IP–Enabled Services . . . Connect America Fund, and Numbering Resource Optimization’’ ((RIN3060–AK36) (FCC 15–70)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2374. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Canned Pacific Salmon; Technical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA– 2015–N–0011) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2375. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Khapra Beetle; New Regulated Countries and Regu-lated Articles’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2013–0079) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2376. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department of Defense (DoD) intending to assign women to pre-viously closed positions in the Army; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2377. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Packaged Terminal Air Condi-tioners and Packaged Terminal Heat Pumps’’ ((RIN1904–AC82) (Docket No. EERE– 2012–BT–STD–0029)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 21, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–2378. A communication from the Chair-
man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘The Year in Trade 2014’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2379. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–135); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2380. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Administrator, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Department of Home-land Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2381. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Re-port for 2014 on Disability-Related Air Travel Complaints’’; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–52. A resolution adopted by the House 
of Representatives of the State of Louisiana memorializing the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to des-ignate Grambling State University as a United States Department of Agriculture 1890 land-grant institution; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 102 
Whereas, a land-grant college or university 
is a postsecondary education institution that has been designated to receive the benefits of the federal Morrill Acts of 1862 or 1890; and 
Whereas, there is at least one land-grant 
institution in every state and territory of the United States, as well as the District of Columbia, and over the years, land-grant status has been associated with several types of federal support; and Whereas, two universities in this state, 
Louisiana State University (LSU) and Southern University (SU), are designated as land-grant institutions; LSU received this designation in 1862, and in 1890, what is known as the Second Morrill Act conferred land-grant status to several historically black colleges and universities, commonly referred to as ‘‘1890 land-grant institutions’’, and SU is among this group; and 
Whereas, Grambling State University, lo-
cated in Grambling, Louisiana, is seeking designation as an 1890 land-grant institution under the banner of the Second Morrill Act; and 
Whereas, Grambling State University was 
founded in 1901 by the North Louisiana Col-ored Agriculture Relief Association; in 1905, it moved to its present location and was re-named the North Louisiana Agricultural and Industrial School; in 1946, it became Gram-bling College; and in 1949, it earned its first accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools; and 
Whereas, in 1974, the school began to offer 
graduate programs in early childhood and el-ementary education and acquired the name Grambling State University; over the years, several new academic programs have been incorporated and new facilities added to the 384-acre campus; and 
Whereas, Grambling now offers more than 
eight hundred courses and forty-seven degree programs in five colleges, including an hon-ors college, two professional schools, a grad-uate school, and a Division of Continuing Education; and 
Whereas, Grambling combines the aca-
demic strengths of a major university with the benefits of a small college, and its stu-dents grow and learn in a serene and positive environment; and 
Whereas, in addition to being one of the 
country’s top producers of African American graduates, Grambling is home to the inter-nationally renowned Tiger Marching Band and remains proud of the legacy of the late Eddie Robinson, Sr., a truly legendary foot-ball coach; and 
Whereas, Grambling places an emphasis on 
the value and importance of each student, which is exemplified by its motto, ‘‘Where Everybody is Somebody’’; and 
Whereas, after more than a decade since its 
founding, Grambling remains an important influence in the quality of lives and commu-nities of generations of North Louisiana resi-dents; and 
Whereas, the designation of Ohio’s Central 
State University as an 1890 land-grant insti-tution in the 2014 Farm Bill set a very recent precedent for the addition of a university to the land-grant system; and 
Whereas, the nation’s system of land-grant 
institutions would be strengthened by the in-clusion of Grambling State University; and 
Whereas, as a historically black university 
with a strong record of academics, research, and service, Grambling, with its rich history and traditions, would bring a unique perspec-tive to the land-grant system; and 
Whereas, for one hundred twenty-five 
years, the 1890 land-grant institutions have played a vital role in ensuring access to higher education and opportunity for under-served communities, and as such an institu-tion, Grambling would have access to in-creased resources that it could direct to serving such communities and to providing research, extension, and public services in North Louisiana, an area where these serv-ices are not currently being provided suffi-ciently; and 
Whereas, such designation would be con-
sistent with Grambling’s agricultural origins and its mission and history of service to Af-rican American students and the people of Louisiana and would strengthen Grambling’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.009 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5518 July 23, 2015 
research and teaching in science, technology, 
engineering, and mathematics (STEM) pro-grams and enhance existing programs and fa-cilitate the development of new programs in agricultural business, biotechnology, eco-nomics, environment and natural resources, family and consumer science, and engineer-ing technology; and 
Whereas, Grambling State University has 
made the same extraordinary contributions to the education of African Americans in the state of Louisiana as other 1890 land-grant universities have made in their respective states; and 
Whereas, as the only Historically Black 
College or University (HBCU) in the Univer-sity of Louisiana System, the role that Grambling plays in the state is critical; and 
Whereas, a land-grant designation would 
enhance greatly Grambling’s service to the people of Louisiana, and it is appropriate that Congress take all necessary measures to grant such designation to Grambling State University: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved , That the House of Representa-
tives of the Legislature of Louisiana does hereby memorialize the United States Con-gress to take such actions as are necessary to designate Grambling State University as a United States Department of Agriculture 1890 land-grant institution; and be it further 
Resolved , That a copy of this Resolution be 
transmitted to the presiding officers of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States of America and to each member of the Louisiana con-gressional delegation. 
POM–53. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California memo-rializing the President of the United States and the United States Congress to recognize the unique military value of California’s de-fense installations and the disproportionate sacrifices California has endured in previous base realignment and closure (BRAC) rounds; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 11 
Whereas, The federal Department of De-
fense conducted base realignment and clo-sure (BRAC) rounds in 1988, 1991, 1993, 1995, and 2005. The previous BRAC rounds resulted in the closure of 25 major bases in California and the realignment of eight other facilities; and 
Whereas, A sixth BRAC round for 2017 has 
been proposed in the fiscal year 2016 federal budget; and 
Whereas, California has been the state 
hardest hit by the Department of Defense’s previous BRAC rounds. In the first four BRAC rounds, for example, the state ab-sorbed 25 percent of the total base closures nationally and 11 percent of the base realign-ments; and 
Whereas, California absorbed 54 percent of 
personnel cuts in the first four BRAC rounds, losing more federal military jobs from the closure of its military bases than the com-bined losses in all other states. Additionally, 300,000 private sector defense industry jobs in California were eliminated as a result of those base closures; and 
Whereas, These base closures had a severe 
impact on local governments and commu-nities, some of which continue to struggle with the transition and reuse of these closed bases; and 
Whereas, There are currently more than 30 
major federal military installations and commands remaining in California that could be closed or realigned as a result of an-other BRAC process; and 
Whereas, The Department of Defense and 
the defense industry represent a major in-dustry in California today, totaling more than $71 billion in direct spending and em-ploying more than 350,000 Californians. Total 
effects on the economy far exceed these numbers; and 
Whereas, For over half of a century, Cali-
fornia’s workers, businesses, industries, and universities have contributed to our national security, utilizing their talents, capital, and skills to develop and manufacture new tech-nologies, aircraft, satellites, missiles, and advanced weapons systems; and 
Whereas, Military installations provide the 
foundation for United States defense efforts. Maintaining these installations is, therefore, critical to supporting America’s national se-curity. California is vital to the mission and might of our United States military. Our seaports and airports, bases and equipment, research labs and testing grounds support the finest fighting force in the world; and 
Whereas, As our nation faces new security 
threats in the 21st century, California re-mains ready to confront these dangers. In space, cyberspace, over land, at sea, and in the air, California is helping the military meet the challenges of today and tomorrow. From troop deployment to systems develop-ment and cybersecurity, training to logis-tics, the future of our military is here in California; and 
Whereas, Having been the leader in the na-
tion’s defense effort, California state govern-ment must lead by articulating the national security imperative of maintaining military installations within its borders; and 
Whereas, In an effort to be proactive in re-
taining military facilities within California that are essential to national security, and to provide for a single, focused strategy to defend these installations, in March 2013 Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. established the Governor’s Military Council, in an effort to protect and expand the military’s vital role in national security and California’s economy. The council has met regularly throughout the state since its creation, and is continuing to work to protect California’s military installations and operations and to assist in recruiting new defense missions and operations to the state: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly , That Califor-
nia’s military installations possess critical military value and that California is ready to help the Department of Defense meet its goals now and in the future; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Legislature of the State 
of California respectfully memorializes the President and the Congress of the United States, to not only recognize the unique military value of California’s defense instal-lations, but also continue to take into con-sideration all of the following: 
(a) California’s unparalleled land, air, and 
sea ranges that provide the ability to train all types of forces, year round, in every type of warfare effectively, efficiently, and eco-nomically. 
(b) California’s strategic location in the 
Pacific Theater is a critical factor in exe-cuting the National Defense Strategy stra-tegic shift to the Pacific region by allowing for rapid deployment to trouble spots in Asia. 
(c) California’s ability to recruit and train 
highly skilled and educated personnel. 
(d) The existing synergies between mili-
tary installations and the private sector. 
(e) The economic impact on existing com-
munities in the vicinity of military installa-tions. 
(f) Our incomparable quality of life, which 
enhances personnel retention. 
(g) The vast intellectual capital that has 
been developed in California since World War II. 
(h) The disproportionate sacrifices Cali-
fornia has endured in previous BRAC rounds; and be it further Resolved , That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, to each Senator and Representa-tive from California in the Congress of the United States, and to the author for appro-priate distribution. 
POM–54. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to enact legislation to establish guarantees by the federal gov-ernment to support the responsible sale of postearthquake bonds by financially sound residential-earthquake-insurance programs operated by any of the several states on an actuarially sound basis; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 6 
Whereas, Over the last 30 years, California 
has experienced 1,451 earthquakes of mag-nitude 4.0 or greater, ranging from 16 to 168 per year; and 
Whereas, Most Californians live within 20 
miles of a major earthquake fault capable of producing damaging earthquakes; and 
Whereas, On the morning of August 24, 
2014, many residents of Napa discovered they lived closer to such a fault than they be-lieved. A magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck American Canyon, south of Napa, at 3:20 a.m., leading to one death and many injuries. The earthquake seriously damaged nearly 100 homes, as well as many historic down-town buildings. It cost local wineries mil-lions of dollars in spilled wine and damaged equipment, and numerous people were in-jured. The overall damage and effects of the earthquake demonstrated how even a mod-erate-sized earthquake can have a large im-pact on a community; and 
Whereas, In June 2014, the Los Angeles 
Times reported that the first five months of the year were marked by five earthquakes larger than magnitude 4.0, after what had been a relatively quiet period of seismic ac-tivity for the Los Angeles area. That number of earthquakes at that magnitude had not occurred in a year since 1994, the year of the Northridge earthquake; and 
Whereas, Faced with the certainty of its 
peril from earthquakes, over the last three decades California has repeatedly shown that smart public policy choices can help Califor-nians prepare for a catastrophic earthquake. Milestone innovations across this era include the following: 
(a) In the year following the 1983 Coalinga 
earthquake, California passed the Earth-quake Insurance Act, requiring residential property insurers to offer homeowners earth-quake coverage, to ensure homeowners con-sidered the possibility of protecting their home from earthquake damage. 
(b) In the year after the 1989 Loma Prieta 
earthquake, California began examining how a state-based financial pool might be con-structed to improve protection for home-owners. This effort, the California Residen-tial Earthquake Recovery Fund (CRERF), was intended to cover the cost of earthquake insurance deductibles. While this plan was repealed in 1992 as potentially actuarially unsound, it pointed the way to further inno-vations. 
(c) Since 1996, the multipart funding mech-
anism of the California Earthquake Author-ity (CEA), a public instrumentality of the State of California, has succeeded as the pri-mary source of earthquake insurance for California homeowners seeking to protect their homes from earthquakes; and 
Whereas, Despite the growing successes of 
the CEA since its 1996 formation, how it can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.012 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5519 July 23, 2015 
be improved has become clear. Almost every 
news story about California earthquake in-surance and the CEA notes that residential earthquake insurance is costly for home-owners and the deductibles are high. The high cost and high deductibles are seen as a key factor behind why only 12 percent of Californians who buy homeowners’ insurance also buy earthquake insurance; and 
Whereas, There is no better way to prepare 
California for the inevitability of disastrous earthquakes than to make earthquake insur-ance work better for its residents. The limi-tations of the existing system are well- known. Now is the time for the next key step in policy innovation to make the state’s earthquake insurance system work better for renters and homeowners; and 
Whereas, As the CEA approaches two dec-
ades of operation, it has become clear that the CEA has pushed the envelope on how a single state-based pool can materially assist in catastrophe readiness. But by law, the CEA’s rates must be actuarially sound and based on the best available scientific infor-mation for assessing earthquake frequency, severity, and loss; these sensible conditions also temper the CEA’s ability to cut the cost of earthquake insurance; and 
Whereas, As a public instrumentality of 
the state, the CEA must cover all its risks, including the possibility that at any time, a truly catastrophic earthquake might hit the state; and 
Whereas, The CEA’s need, as a stand-alone, 
risk-bearing public instrumentality of the state, to always have a plan to cover the chance of a catastrophic earthquake is what, under the current system, keeps the price of earthquake insurance high. For the level of total exposure the policies represent, the rates yield sufficient premiums to pay for a backstop of reinsurance sufficient to offset expected CEA losses in all but the most cata-strophic earthquake; and 
Whereas, A federal policy of certain access 
to federal debt guarantees for postevent fi-nancing would strengthen the risk-bearing capacity of actuarially sound state-based disaster programs like the CEA and reduce the preevent expense of providing that insur-ance. In recent sessions of the United States Congress, a proposed federal partnership lim-ited to prequalified, actuarially sound state earthquake insurance programs has been es-timated to expose the federal government to a 10-year cost of only $25 million; and 
Whereas, A state and federal partnership 
to enhance the ability of prequalified, actu-arially sound state earthquake funds to ac-cess postdisaster borrowing would enable California and other states using actuarially sound programs to manage risk with a dra-matically better tool; and 
Whereas, The CEA’s certain access to a 
federal guarantee of its postearthquake bor-rowing would ensure access to the private capital markets at reasonable rates, enhanc-ing the claims-paying capacity for a cata-strophic earthquake. That lower-cost capac-ity, in turn, would permit the CEA to adjust its annual purchase of earthquake reinsur-ance and lower expenses, thus speeding long- term capital accumulation to help CEA mod-ulate its cost of providing basic earthquake insurance across the state: Now, therefore, 
be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-
lature urges the President and the Congress of the United States to enact legislation to establish guarantees by the federal govern-ment to support the responsible sale of postearthquake bonds by financially sound residential-earthquake-insurance programs operated by any of the several states on an actuarially sound basis; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the 
United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Rep-resentative from the State of California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–55. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of California urging the United States Congress to support legis-lation reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank of the United States; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 14 
Whereas, The Export-Import Bank of the 
United States (Ex-Im Bank) is the official export credit agency of the United States and exists for the purposes of financing and insuring foreign purchases of United States goods; and 
Whereas, The mission of the Ex-Im Bank is 
to create and sustain United States jobs by financing sales of United States exports to international buyers; and 
Whereas, The Ex-Im Bank is the principal 
government agency responsible for aiding the export of American goods and services, and thereby creating and sustaining United States jobs, through a variety of loan, guar-antee, and insurance programs for small and large businesses; and 
Whereas, The Ex-Im Bank has supported 
more than $400 billion in United States ex-ports in the past 70 years and helps to cover critical trade finance gaps by providing loan guaranties, export credit insurance, and di-rect loans for United States exports in devel-oping markets where commercial bank fi-nancing is unavailable or insufficient. For fiscal year 2014, the Ex-Im Bank provided $20.5 billion in loan guarantees which lever-aged $27.5 billion in exports while supporting 164,000 United States jobs. Since fiscal year 2009, the bank has supported more than 1.3 million American jobs in all 50 states; and 
Whereas, The Ex-Im Bank is a self-sus-
taining agency, which operates at no cost to the taxpayer and over the last three fiscal years has generated more than $3 billion in fees from its foreign customers which were deposited in the United States Treasury to reduce the United States deficit and indebt-edness; and 
Whereas, The Ex-Im Bank enables United 
States companies large and small to turn ex-port opportunities into sales that help to create and maintain jobs in the United States that contribute to a stronger national economy. On average nearly 90 percent of the Ex-Im Bank’s transactions support United States small businesses; and 
Whereas, Exports are particularly impor-
tant to the California economy as California is currently ranked second in exports among all states. If California’s manufacturing base is to grow, we must continue to expand our ability to export goods from California fa-cilities. Given the key role the Ex-Im Bank plays in facilitating export sales, failure to reauthorize it would be devastating to exist-ing industry and to those that we hope to create in the future; and 
Whereas, Over the past five years, the Ex- 
Im Bank has assisted more than 67 California companies to export their products. Nearly 200 of those companies are owned by women or minorities and over 700 are small busi-nesses. These companies export their prod-ucts and services around the globe totaling more than $21 billion in sales. Fifty-two of the 53 congressional districts in California had companies benefit from the Ex-Im Bank loans; and 
Whereas, A reauthorization of the Ex-Im 
Bank is critical to the ability of many United States exporters to compete on a level playing field in a commercial market where current and future competitors con-
tinue to enjoy aggressive support from their countries’ export credit agencies; and 
Whereas, A failure to reauthorize the Ex- 
Im Bank would amount to unilateral disar-mament in the face of other nations’ aggres-sive trade finance programs that favor their domestic companies over American compa-nies; and 
Whereas, Economic growth depends on in-
creasing exports from both small and large manufacturers and service providers in Cali-fornia and reauthorization means support for California exports and California jobs; and 
Whereas, in the 114th United States Con-
gress, 1st Session, legislation is pending that would continue the Ex-Im Bank’s capacity for creating jobs while also making its prac-tices more accountable and transparent, as well as making the bank more solvent and self-sufficient: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and the Senate of 
the State of California, jointly, That the Legis-
lature urges Congress to support Export-Im-port Bank of the United States; and be it fur-ther 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly transmit copies of this resolution to the President and Vice President of the United States, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, to the Majority Leader of the Senate, and to each Senator and Rep-resentative from California in the Congress of the United States. 
POM–56. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Government to im-mediately dispose of the public lands within Arizona’s borders directly to the State of Ar-izona; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2005 
Whereas, at the time of Arizona’s Enabling 
Act, the course and practice of the United States Congress with all prior states admit-ted to the Union had been to fully dispose, within a reasonable time, of all lands within the boundaries of such states, except for those Indian lands, or lands otherwise ex-pressly reserved to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States; and 
Whereas, the State of Arizona did not con-
template, and could not have contemplated, the United States failing or refusing to dis-pose of all lands within its defined bound-aries within a reasonable time such that the State of Arizona and its permanent fund for its public schools could never realize the an-ticipated benefit of the deployment, taxation and economic benefit of all the lands within its defined boundaries; and 
Whereas, Arizona’s Enabling Act con-
templates that Arizona’s temporary suspen-sion of its sovereign right to tax the public lands within its borders for the benefit of its public schools and the common good of the state ends the very moment that the na-tional government discharges of its trust ob-ligation to immediately dispose of Arizona’s public lands within its borders; and 
Whereas, under Article I, section 8, clause 
17 of the United States Constitution, the na-tional government is constitutionally au-thorized to exercise right, title and jurisdic-tion only over lands that are ‘‘purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings’’; and 
Whereas, the United States Congress never 
purchased land designated as national parks nor did it ever seek or obtain the consent of the Arizona Legislature as required under Article I, section 8, clause 17 of the United States Constitution; and 
Whereas, because of the failure of the na-
tional government to immediately dispose of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.014 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5520 July 23, 2015 
land within the borders of Arizona, this state 
bears the burden of the inestimable entan-glements and expectations over the multiple use of these public lands that were required to be disposed of that have accumulated for more than one hundred years; and 
Whereas, Arizona should have had total 
control over its public lands from 1912, plus a reasonable time for disposition of the lands; and 
Whereas, Arizona has been substantially 
damaged in its ability to provide funding for education because the national government has unduly retained control of much of the land lying within Arizona’s borders; and 
Whereas, had the national government sold 
the land in or about 1912, much of the net proceeds should have been applied to paying down the national public debt, and some should have gone to the state of Arizona’s permanent fund for the support of the public schools; and 
Whereas, Arizona consistently ranks high 
among all states in class size and low in per pupil funding for education; and 
Whereas, had the national government dis-
posed of the land in or about 1912, Arizona would have generated, from that point for-ward, substantial tax revenues to the benefit of its public schools and to the common good of the state; and 
Whereas, the national government gives 
Arizona less than half of the proceeds of min-eral lease revenues and severance taxes gen-erated from the lands within this state’s bor-ders; and 
Whereas, Arizona has been substantially 
damaged in mineral lease revenues and sev-erance taxes in that, had the national gov-ernment disposed of land in or about 1912, Arizona would realize 100% of the mineral lease revenues and severance taxes from the lands; and 
Whereas, Arizona has been damaged by the 
inordinate cost and substantial uncertainty regarding the national government’s in-fringement on Arizona’s sovereign control of public lands within its borders; and 
Whereas, County of Shoshone v. United 
States (unpublished), which confirmed that state law controls in determining what con-stitutes sufficient public use, Shelby County v. Holder, which clarified that ‘‘the funda-mental principle of equal sovereignty re-mains highly pertinent in assessing [post-ad-mission] disparate treatment of states’’ and People for the Ethical Treatment of Prop-erty Owners v. United States Fish and Wild-life Service, which confirmed the federal government’s abuse of the Commerce Clause authority, all lend support to the notion that the public lands within Arizona’s borders should be transferred to Arizona: and 
Whereas, because of the breach of Arizo-
na’s Enabling Act, and the damages result-ing from it, the United States Congress should immediately dispose of the public lands lying within the State of Arizona di-rectly to the State of Arizona; and 
Whereas, the national government has an 
obligation to present and future generations to pay the public debt, yet it has dem-onstrated a reckless disregard for the grow-ing national debt even as it continues to worsen at an exponential rate. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the House of 
Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States government im-
mediately and not later than December 31, 2019 dispose of the public lands within Arizo-na’s borders directly to the State of Arizona. 
2. That the United States Congress engage 
in good faith communication, cooperation, coordination and consultation with the State of Arizona regarding the immediate disposal of the public lands directly to this state. 3. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, the Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior, the Chief of the United States Forest Service, the Chairperson of the United States House Com-mittee on Natural Resources, the Chair-person of the United States Senate Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–57. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to vote to approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1006 
Whereas, the United States relies, and will 
continue to rely for many years, on gasoline, diesel and jet fuel for sources of energy; and 
Whereas. in order to fuel our economy, the 
United States will need more oil and natural gas in addition to alternative energy sources; and 
Whereas, the United States currently de-
pends on foreign imports for more than half of its petroleum usage and is the largest con-sumer of petroleum in the world; and 
Whereas, United States dependence on 
overseas oil has created difficult geopolitical relationships with potentially damaging con-sequences for our national security; and 
Whereas, oil deposits in the Bakken Re-
serves of Montana, North Dakota and South Dakota are an increasingly important crude oil resource; and 
Whereas, there is not enough pipeline ca-
pacity to deliver crude oil supplies from Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Oklahoma and Texas to American refineries; and 
Whereas, Canadian oil reserves total 174 
billion barrels, of which 169 billion barrels can be recovered from the oil sands using to-day’s technology; and 
Whereas, Canada is the single largest sup-
plier of crude oil to the United States at 3.05 million barrels per day and has the capacity to significantly increase that rate; and 
Whereas, the southern leg of the Keystone 
XL pipeline ties into the existing Keystone pipeline that already runs to Canada, bring-ing up to 700,000 barrels of oil a day to refin-eries in Texas. At peak capacity, the pipeline will deliver 830,000 barrels of oil per day; and 
Whereas, according to the United States 
State Department’s fifth Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement (Final SEIS), which was issued on January 31, 2014, the Keystone XL pipeline will be the safest pipeline ever constructed on American soil, will have minimal impact on the environ-ment, will create thousands of much-needed jobs and bolster the United States’ energy security; and 
Whereas, according to the Final SEIS, the 
Keystone XL pipeline will support approxi-mately 42,100 direct, indirect and induced jobs and result in approximately $2 billion in earnings throughout the United States; and 
Whereas, the Final SEIS predicts that the 
Keystone XL pipeline will contribute ap-proximately $3.4 billion to the United States gross domestic product and provide a sub-stantial increase in tax revenues for local counties along the pipeline route, with 17 to 27 counties expected to see tax revenues in-crease by 10% or more; and 
Whereas, the Oklahoma-Texas leg of the 
Keystone pipeline system, also referred to as the Gulf Coast segment, went into service in late January 2014; and 
Whereas, according to a recent economic 
analysis report conducted by noted econo-mist Bud Weinstein at Southern Methodist 
University Cox School of Business, the Gulf Coast segment injected $2.14 billion into the Oklahoma economy and more than $3.6 bil-lion into the Texas economy; and 
Whereas, a recent study by the United 
States Department of Energy found that in-creasing delivery of crude oil from Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and Alberta, as well as Texas and Oklahoma, to American refineries has the potential to substantially reduce our country’s dependency on sources outside of North America: and 
Whereas, Canada sends more than 99% of 
its oil exports to the United States, the bulk of which goes to Midwestern refineries: and 
Whereas, oil companies are investing huge 
sums to expand and upgrade refineries in the Midwest and elsewhere to make gasoline and other refined products from Canadian oil de-rived from oil sands, and the expansion and upgrade projects will create many new con-struction jobs over the next five years; and 
Whereas, 90% of the money used to buy Ca-
nadian oil will likely later be spent directly on United States goods and services; and 
Whereas, since 2011, nearly 30 public opin-
ion polls have repeatedly confirmed that building the Keystone XL pipeline is in the best interest of the vast majority of Ameri-cans: and 
Whereas, supporting the continued shift 
towards reliable and secure sources of North American oil is of vital interest to the United States and the State of Arizona. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States Congress vote to 
approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline. 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–58. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to oppose the designation of the Grand Canyon Water-shed National Monument in northern Ari-zona; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1001 
Whereas, Arizonans value the Grand Can-
yon as a national and world treasure and as an economic engine; and 
Whereas, there is no threat to the Grand 
Canyon National Park and its surrounding lands; and 
Whereas, existing laws and regulations, in-
cluding the National Environmental Policy Act, the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act, the Archaeological Resources Pro-tection Act and many others, ensure the pro-tection and responsible use of the Grand Canyon National Park and its surrounding lands; and 
Whereas, as of 2012, Arizona had the third 
highest total designated wilderness acreage in the United States with 4.5 million acres. Additionally, another 5.8 million acres were affected by special land use designations, in-cluding national monuments; and 
Whereas, only three members of the elev-
en-member Arizona congressional delegation and others have requested that the President of the United States use his authority under the Antiquities Act to designate an esti-mated 1.7 million acres in northern Arizona as the Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument; and 
Whereas, this proposed designation would 
almost double the amount of acreage des-ignated as national monuments in Arizona 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.018 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5521 July 23, 2015 
and would be the nation’s second largest na-
tional monument after the neighboring Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monu-ment in southern Utah, which is over 1.8 mil-lion acres; and 
Whereas, the federal government granted 
lands at statehood to the State of Arizona to be held in trust to provide a source of income for schools and other beneficiaries; and 
Whereas, the proposed monument designa-
tion would severely impact thousands of acres of state trust lands locked up within its boundaries and deny their beneficial use to the trust; and 
Whereas, this taking of state trust lands 
within the proposed national monument without just compensation would be a breach of the sacred trust between the State of Ari-zona and the federal government that was agreed on in this state’s enabling act and harms Arizona’s school children; and 
Whereas, withdrawal of this vast amount 
of lands from multiple-use management eliminates or restricts reasonable and thoughtful use of these natural resources for multiple purposes, such as recreation, graz-ing, mining, energy development and for-estry; and 
Whereas, multiple-use management of 
these lands by the United States Bureau of Land Management and the United States Forest Service is based on resource manage-ment plans that were developed with public input and have framed the use of these lands since the passage of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act in 1976; and 
Whereas, responsible use of natural re-
sources provides a substantial economic ben-efit to northern Arizona and there is no rea-son to eliminate this benefit for a non-existent threat; and 
Whereas, the conservation of wildlife re-
sources across Arizona is the trust responsi-bility of the Arizona Game and Fish Com-mission; and 
Whereas, the Arizona Game and Fish Com-
mission voted to oppose the proposed Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument on May 11, 2012 and its analysis found that monument designation can lead to restric-tions on proactive wildlife management, in-cluding hunting and fishing access; and 
Whereas, national monument designation 
requires a very narrow management regime and could severely restrict forest manage-ment activities, such as scientifically estab-lished fire management, erosion control and invasive species treatments; and 
Whereas, in addition, Arizona’s proper 
management of state forest lands, which in-cludes selective logging, has made for a healthy and prolific environment for natu-rally occurring habitat and has proven effec-tive in preventing habitat loss, as has oc-curred on federally managed forest lands, through wildfire; and 
Whereas, consideration of the effects on 
the customs, cultures and economic well- being of our local communities as well as im-portant historic and cultural aspects of our local heritage; and 
Whereas, the cost benefit of this proposal 
must be considered; and 
Whereas, while a minority caucus of three 
of the eleven-member Arizona congressional delegation and a small, yet vocal, group of others advocate to transfer state resources to the federal government, the State of Ari-zona desires to uphold the congressional des-ignation of the multiple-use policy as per the Federal Land Management Policy Act as being best for our citizens and Arizona’s economy. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the President of the United States 
does not designate the Grand Canyon Water-shed National Monument in northern Ari-
zona. 
2. That the United States Congress oppose 
the designation of the Grand Canyon Water-shed National Monument in northern Ari-zona. 
3. That any new monuments, including the 
proposed Grand Canyon Watershed National Monument, have express state and congres-sional approval before they are so designated by the President. 
4. That the Governor and the Attorney 
General of the State of Arizona take appro-priate actions to implement this Memorial. 
5. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona, the Secretary of the In-terior, the Governor of the State of Arizona and the Attorney General of the State of Ar-izona. 
POM–59. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to pass H.R. 594; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1004 
Whereas, on April 21, 2014, the United 
States Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Army Corps of Engi-neers published a proposed rule in the Fed-eral Register that defines ‘‘Waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act; and 
Whereas, the final rule is projected to be 
published in the Federal Register by August 31, 2015; and 
Whereas, the rule purports to clarify issues 
raised in two United States Supreme Court decisions, Solid Waste Agency of Northern Cook County v. U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers and Rapanos v. United States, that cre-ated uncertainty over the Clean Water Act’s scope and application; and 
Whereas, the rule will expand the scope of 
the Clean Water Act, resulting in greater im-pacts to this state, as well as on local gov-ernments, their citizens and their businesses; and 
Whereas, the rule will subject almost all 
physical areas with a connection, or a ‘‘sig-nificant nexus,’’ to downstream navigable waters, including features such as ditches, natural or manmade ponds and floodplains, to the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act; and 
Whereas, the rule will apply to all pro-
grams under the Clean Water Act; and 
Whereas, the rule change will cause signifi-
cant harm to local farmers, stall the devel-opment of businesses and strip local pro-viders of their control of land use for sus-tainable food production; and 
Whereas, the cost to our municipalities 
and taxpayers will be enormous; and 
Whereas, the rule is contrary to the ruling 
of the United States Supreme Court in Rapanos as it appears to rely heavily on the minority opinion’s concept of ‘‘significant nexus,’’ which was rejected by the Court’s prevailing opinion; and 
Whereas, the term ‘‘significant nexus’’ 
does not appear in the Clean Water Act: and 
Whereas, under the rule, groundwater may 
be used in making determinations of a ‘‘sig-nificant nexus,’’ which is an overreach of the federal agencies as groundwater systems are under the jurisdiction of the states and should not be broadly used in justifying a de-termination of jurisdictional water of the United States; and 
Whereas, in Solid Waste Agency of North-
ern Cook County, the United States Supreme Court stated that the use of ‘‘case by case’’ 
determinations should be the exception, not the rule, and the rule allows for broad use of case by case determinations, which inserts needless uncertainty into the development process; and 
Whereas, the rule grants the United States 
Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Army Corps of Engineers au-thorities not specifically granted to them by the Clean Water Act; and 
Whereas, the proposed rule, should it be-
come effective, will hamper beneficial devel-opment, increase costs of infrastructure con-struction and maintenance and result in an unacceptable level of uncertainty in the per-mitting process; and 
Whereas, the Constitution of the United 
States was meant to reserve to the states ex-clusive jurisdiction over their respective nonnavigable, intrastate waters and water-ways within their boundaries except as ex-pressly delegated to the federal government by the Constitution or prohibited by it to the states. and the federal government’s power to regulate navigable waters cannot con-stitutionally reach nonnavigable, intrastate waters and waterways that have no signifi-cant connection to navigable waters; and 
Whereas, it is impractical for the federal 
government to regulate every ditch, pond and rain puddle that may have some tenuous connection, miles away, to a body of water that is currently defined as ‘‘navigable.’’ 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States Congress pass 
H.R. 594, which prohibits the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Army Corps of Engineers from developing, finalizing, adopting, imple-menting, applying, administering or enforc-ing the proposed federal rule that defines ‘‘Waters of the United States’’ under the Clean Water Act. 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Rep-resentatives, each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona, the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the Commanding General and Chief of Engineers of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. 
POM–60. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Environmental Protection Agency to refrain from reducing the ozone concentration standard; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1014 
Whereas, the United States Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) is proposing to re-duce the national ambient air quality stand-ard for ozone from 75 parts per billion to 65 to 70 parts per billion, while taking comment on a level as low as 60 parts per billion; and 
Whereas, the Clean Air Act requires the 
EPA to review the ozone concentration standard every five years, and the EPA last updated this standard in 2008, setting it at 75 parts per billion; and 
Whereas, if the EPA reduced the standard 
to 70 parts per billion, nine out of 11 counties monitored for ozone levels in Arizona would be out of compliance; and 
Whereas, if the EPA reduced the standard 
to 65 parts per billion, all 11 counties mon-itored for ozone levels in Arizona would be out of compliance, and the four rural coun-ties that are not currently monitored might also be out of compliance; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.017 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5522 July 23, 2015 
Whereas, a revised ozone standard of 65 to 
70 parts per billion would result in wide-spread nonattainment designations in areas of the nation that already meet the current ozone standards; and 
Whereas, based on 2011 through 2013 moni-
toring data, the EPA reports that 358 coun-ties in the nation would violate a standard of 70 parts per billion and that an additional 200 counties would violate a standard of 65 parts per billion; and 
Whereas, nonattainment area designations 
would limit economic and job growth by re-stricting new and expanded industrial and manufacturing facilities, imposing emission ‘‘offset’’ requirements on new sources of ni-trogen oxides and volatile organic com-pounds emissions, constraining oil and gas extraction and raising electricity prices for industries and consumers; and 
Whereas, low-income and fixed-income 
citizens would bear the brunt of higher en-ergy costs and utility bills; and 
Whereas, according to the National Asso-
ciation of manufacturers, the EPA’s proposal could be the most expensive regulation ever issued on the American public, costing the nation $270 billion to $360 billion annually; and 
Whereas, according to the National Asso-
ciation of Manufacturers, the proposed ozone regulations could cost Arizona $28 billion in 
gross state product loss from 2017 to 2040, 19,982 lost jobs or job equivalents per year, $639 million in total compliance costs and a $520 drop in average household consumption per year; and 
Whereas, the National Association of Man-
ufacturers predicts that the EPA’s proposed standards could result in a 15% increase in residential electricity prices, a 32% increase in residential natural gas prices and an 8% reduction in Arizona’s coal-fired generating capacity; and 
Whereas, the EPA has identified only 46% 
of the controls needed to meet the proposed standards, and the remaining 54% would have to be met with unknown controls that the EPA has not yet identified but that would likely have to include early shutdowns and scrappage of existing facilities, equip-ment and vehicles; and 
Whereas, early retirement and scrappage of 
power plants, industrial facilities, heavy- duty trucks and equipment and automobiles would be much more costly ways to remove each additional ton of emissions than the controls the EPA has identified; and 
Whereas, air quality continues to improve, 
and nitrogen oxide emissions are already down to 60% nationwide since 1980, which, after adjusting for economic growth, implies a 90% reduction in emission rates from the relatively uncontrolled 1990 rates for nitro-gen oxide-emitting sources; and 
Whereas, average ozone concentrations 
have decreased significantly in both urban and rural areas over the past two decades in response to state and federal emission con-trol programs; and 
Whereas, states are on track to be fully in 
attainment with the current standards, but some have not yet reached full attainment; and 
Whereas, instead of giving states enough 
time to meet the current standards through ongoing emission reduction programs, the EPA now wants to move the goalpost by im-posing a lower standard; and 
Whereas, retaining the current ozone 
standards would provide for continued air quality improvement throughout the nation as emission reduction programs under exist-ing EPA regulations are implemented. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the EPA refrain from reducing the 
ozone concentration standard from 75 parts per billion to 65 to 70 parts per billion. 2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the Administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate. the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–61. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to focus future Mexican wolf intro-duction efforts on remote areas within the northern Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range, to halt additional introductions of Mexican wolves in Arizona, and to shift the responsibility for the Mexican wolf introduc-tion to the Arizona Game and Fish Depart-ment; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1003 
Whereas, on January 16, 2015, United 
States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) issued a revised experimental population rule under section 10(j) of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) that provides for a popu-lation objective of 300 to 325 wolves in Ari-zona and New Mexico and expands the areas within which Mexican wolves can occupy and disperse with the goal of phasing the releases westward over a period of twelve years; and 
Whereas, the revised experimental popu-
lation rule raises concerns regarding the cre-ation of an unmanageable Mexican wolf pop-ulation, fails to consider state and local in-terests and remains silent on Mexican wolf recovery; and 
Whereas, Congress enacted section 10(j) of 
the ESA to mitigate fears that reestab-lishing populations of endangered species would negatively impact landowners and other private parties, recognizing that flexi-ble rules, developed in consultation with local governments and private citizens, could encourage recovery partners to ac-tively assist in the establishment and hosting of endangered populations on their lands; and 
Whereas, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, section 10(j) rules are intended to represent an agreement between the USFWS, affected state and federal agencies and per-sons holding any interest in land that may be affected by the establishment of an exper-imental population; and 
Whereas, the objective of 1982 Mexican 
Wolf Recovery Plan is the establishment of a viable, self-sustaining population of at least 100 Mexican wolves in the wild; and 
Whereas, at the end of 2014, there were a 
minimum of 109 wolves in the wild in Ari-zona and New Mexico, all of which were con-ceived and born in the wild as a direct result of previous wolf introduction efforts; and 
Whereas, the costs to date of this program 
have exceeded $7.3 million; and 
Whereas, the implementation of the re-
vised experimental population rule will allow additional wolves to be introduced within Arizona and New Mexico; and 
Whereas, the introduction of wolves into 
Arizona and New Mexico has resulted in sig-nificant adverse impacts on private land-owners and resource users, as well as hunting and other recreational activities, which are vital to our local and regional economy; and 
Whereas, under its regulations, the USFWS 
must consult with appropriate state fish and wildlife agencies, local governmental enti-ties, affected federal agencies and affected private landowners in developing and imple-menting experimental population rules; and 
Whereas, in developing its experimental 
population rules for the Mexican wolf, the USFWS has failed to meaningfully consult with local governmental entities, whose citi-
zens will be adversely affected by the intro-duction of wolves, and with private land and resource users who will be adversely im-pacted by the introduction of wolves; and 
Whereas, the adopted experimental popu-
lation rule for the Mexican wolf will create even greater conflicts with private land-owners and resource users; and 
Whereas, the Arizona Game and Fish De-
partment provided the USFWS and the United States Department of the Interior with a notice of intent to bring a civil action pursuant to section 11(g)(1)(C) of the ESA for the Secretary of the Interior’s failure to de-velop a recovery plan for the Mexican gray wolf that meets the legal requirements in section 4(f) of the ESA; and 
Whereas, the federal government has failed 
to take into consideration the customs, cul-tures, historic heritage and local and state economic well-being of areas that have been identified as habitats for this species; and 
Whereas, the Secretary of the Interior has 
a nondiscretionary duty under section 4(f) to develop a recovery plan that incorporates ‘‘objective. measurable criteria which when met, would result in a determination, in ac-cordance with the provisions of this section, that the species be removed from the list.’’ 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the USFWS focus future Mexican 
wolf introduction efforts on remote areas within the northern Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range, which contains substantial habitat suitable for Mexican wolves and, in many places, is largely uninhabited. 
2. That the USFWS halt additional intro-
ductions of Mexican wolves in Arizona. 
3. That the USFWS shift the primary re-
sponsibility for the administration of the Mexican wolf introduction program in Ari-zona to the Arizona Game and Fish Depart-ment. 
4. That the Secretary of the Interior com-
ply with the Secretary of the Interior’s duty under section 4(f) of the ESA to develop a re-covery plan that incorporates ‘‘objective, measureable criteria which when met, would result in a determination, in accordance with the provisions of this section, that the species be removed from the list.’’ 
5. That the Governor and the Attorney 
General of the State of Arizona take appro-priate actions to uphold this state’s respon-sibilities with respect to the recovery plan and defend this state against overreaching federal regulations. 
6. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior, the At-torney General of the State of Arizona, the Governor of the State of Arizona, the Presi-dent of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–62. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona commending the nation of Israel for its cor-dial and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of Arizona; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 1019 
Whereas, Israel has been granted her land 
under and through the oldest recorded deed, as recorded in the Old Testament, scripture that is held sacred and revered by Jews and Christians alike, the acts and words of God; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.021 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5523 July 23, 2015 
Whereas, the claim and presence of the 
Jewish people in Israel has remained con-stant throughout the past 4,000 years of his-tory; and 
Whereas, the legal basis for the establish-
ment of the modern State of Israel was a binding act of international law established in the San Remo Resolution, which was unanimously adopted by the League of Na-tions in 1922 and subsequently affirmed by both houses of the United States Congress; and 
Whereas, this resolution affirmed the es-
tablishment of a national home for the Jew-ish people in the historical region of the Land of Israel, including the areas of Judea, Samaria and Jerusalem; and 
Whereas, Article 80 of the United Nations 
Charter recognized the continued validity of the rights granted to states or peoples that already existed under international instru-ments, and, therefore, the 1922 League of Na-tions resolution remains valid and the 650,000 Jews currently residing in the areas of Judea, Samaria and eastern Jerusalem reside there legitimately; and 
Whereas, Israel declared its independence 
and self-governance on May 14, 1948, with the goal of reestablishing its God-given and le-gally recognized land as a homeland for the Jewish people; and 
Whereas, the United States, as the first 
country to recognize Israel as an inde-pendent nation and as Israel’s principal ally, has enjoyed a close and mutually beneficial relationship with Israel and her people; and 
Whereas, Israel is the greatest friend and 
ally of the United States in the Middle East, and the values of our two nations are so intertwined that it is impossible to separate one from the other; and 
Whereas, there are those in the Middle 
East who have continually sought to destroy Israel from the time of its inception as a state, and those same enemies of Israel also hate and seek to destroy the United States; and 
Whereas, the State of Arizona and Israel 
have enjoyed cordial and mutually beneficial relations since 1948, a friendship that con-tinues to strengthen with each passing year; and 
Whereas, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin 
Netanyahu spoke before a joint session of Congress on March 3, 2015 and urged the United States to stand with Israel to ‘‘stop Iran’s march of conquest, subjugation and terror’’ and warned the United States that an emerging nuclear agreement with Iran ‘‘paves Iran’s path to the bomb’’: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate of the State of Ari-
zona, the House of Representatives concurring: 
1. That the Members of the Legislature 
commend Israel for its cordial and mutually beneficial relationship with the United States and with the State of Arizona and support Israel as a Jewish state in its legal, historical, moral and God-given right of self- governance and self-defense on the entirety of its own lands, recognizing that Israel is not an occupier of the lands of others and that peace can be afforded in the region only through a whole and united Israel. 
2. That the Secretary of State transmit 
copies of this Resolution to the President of the United States, each member of Congress from the State of Arizona and the Governor of the State of Arizona. 
POM–63. A resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate of the State of Georgia encouraging the representation of diverse populations of dif-ferent racial and ethnic backgrounds in clin-ical research and the dedication of addi-tional community resources to increase awareness on the importance of partici-pating in clinical trials, to provide support for patient participation, and to promote ef-
fective partnerships with the community to achieve solutions; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
S
ENATE RESOLUTION 590 
Whereas, developing new medicines and 
other treatment options is a complex process that involves clinical trials to explore whether a medical strategy, treatment, or device is safe and effective for humans; and 
Whereas, volunteer participation is nec-
essary to evaluate potential therapies for safety and effectiveness in clinical studies; and 
Whereas, often the enrolled patient popu-
lation is not representative of United States demographics or subpopulations impacted by the particular disease; and 
Whereas, groups such as African Ameri-
cans and Hispanics are significantly under-represented in clinical trials; according to the Food and Drug Administration, African Americans represent 12 percent of the United States population but only 5 percent of clin-ical trial participants, and Hispanics com-prise 16 percent of the population but only 1 percent of clinical trial participants; and 
Whereas, despite a congressional mandate 
that research financed by the National Insti-tutes of Health (NIH) include minorities, non-whites comprise fewer than 5 percent of participants in NIH-supported studies; and 
Whereas, certain medical conditions have 
been known to affect particular demographic groups more than others, including Type 2 diabetes for which African Americans and Hispanics are twice as likely to be diagnosed on average; and 
Whereas, according to the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, sickle cell trait is common among African Americans and oc-curs in about one in 12, and sickle cell dis-ease occurs in about one out of every 500 Af-rican American births, compared to about one out of every 36,000 Hispanic American births; and 
Whereas, race and ethnicity have also been 
demonstrated to affect the efficacy of and re-sponse to certain drugs, such as antihypertensive therapies in the treatment of hypertension in African Americans and antidepressants in Hispanics; and 
Whereas, many barriers exist that account 
for the low rate of participation among di-verse communities, including patient fear of experimentation and lack of understanding or education with regard to the importance of clinical trials in creating new treatments and cures: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, That the members 
of this body encourage the representation of diverse populations of different racial and ethnic backgrounds in clinical research and the dedication of additional community re-sources to increase awareness on the impor-tance of participating in clinical trials, to provide support for patient participation, and to promote effective partnerships with the community to achieve solutions; and be it further 
Resolved , That the Secretary of the Senate 
is authorized and directed to make appro-priate copies of this resolution available for distribution to the President of the United States, the Vice President of the United States, the Georgia delegation to the United States Congress, and other federal and state government officials as appropriate. 
POM–64. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Iowa urg-ing the United states Congress to repeal the Act of June 30, 1948, Public Law Number 846, 62 Statute 1161, which conferred on the State of Iowa jurisdiction over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Meskwaki Set-tlement and to take whatever steps are nec-essary to achieve such a repeal; to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION 5 
Whereas, the Sac and Fox Tribe of the Mis-
sissippi in Iowa (the Meskwaki) is a federally recognized tribe organized in accordance with Section 16 of the federal Indian Reorga-nization Act of June 18, 1934, 48 Stat. 984, as amended by the federal Act of June 15, 1935, 49 Stat. 378, under a Constitution and Bylaws approved by the Secretary of the Interior on December 20, 1937; and 
Whereas, in 1857, the Meskwaki purchased 
80 acres in Tama County which was held in trust by the State of Iowa as permitted by then Governor James Grimes and for the next 30 years the Meskwaki governed them-selves virtually free from interference from both the federal and state governments; and 
Whereas, the jurisdictional status of the 
Meskwaki during this period of time was un-clear as the tribe was recognized by the fed-eral government but also had a continuing relationship with the State of Iowa due to the Meskwaki’s private ownership of land which was held in trust by the Governor of the State of Iowa; and 
Whereas, in 1895, in order to clear up any 
ambiguities, the State of Iowa ceded to the federal government all jurisdiction over the Meskwaki with the stipulation that nothing in the transfer of the tribal lands would pre-vent the State of Iowa from exercising juris-diction over crimes against the laws of Iowa committed either by Indians or others on the Meskwaki Settlement; and 
Whereas, during what is now known as the 
Indian Termination Era, the United States government tried to end its trusteeship over Indian reservations throughout the country and in part passed the federal Act of June 30, 1948, which conferred jurisdiction over crimi-nal offenses committed on the Meskwaki Settlement to the State of Iowa; and 
Whereas, the federal Act of June 30, 1948, 
was passed at a time when there was a per-ception that there was lawlessness on the Meskwaki Settlement and an absence of ade-quate tribal institutions for law enforce-ment; and 
Whereas the passage of the federal Act of 
June 30, 1948, provided no federal funding to the State of Iowa to assume this responsi-bility which has amounted to an unfunded federal mandate and the resulting cost over the years has been unfairly borne by the tax-payers of Tama County; and 
Whereas, in the past 67 years much has 
changed at the federal, state, and tribal lev-els in the area of criminal law enforcement and in the development of laws in general on the Meskwaki Settlement; and 
Whereas, the federal Tribal Law and Order 
Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111–211, authorized Indian tribes to expand the prosecution and punishment of criminal offenders if certain due process requirements were followed; and 
Whereas, Indian tribes have recently 
achieved more authority to prosecute crimi-nal offenses committed on tribal lands as evidenced by the enactment of the federal Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013, Pub. L. No. 113–4, which for the first time allowed tribal enforcement over non-natives who commit domestic violence on tribal lands; and 
Whereas, the State of Iowa was the first in 
the nation to pass Native American grave protection legislation, commonly known as the Iowa Graves Protection Act, 1976 Iowa Acts, ch. 1158, §7, that came into law before the federal version and before the more re-cent passage of Iowa’s Recognition and En-forcement of Tribal Civil Judgments Act, 2007 Iowa Acts, ch. 192, which followed the development of the Meskwaki Tribal Court System in 2005, with its first case being tried 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.022 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5524 July 23, 2015 
in 2006, and 2003 state legislation, 2003 Iowa 
Acts, ch. 87, recognizing the Meskwaki Trib-al Police and allowing them to participate in the Iowa Law Enforcement Academy and to become state certified; and 
Whereas, the Meskwaki has greatly en-
hanced at its own expense the tribe’s crimi-nal justice system and now provides a fully functioning court system through the estab-lishment of a state certified police force, le-gally trained and licensed public defenders, prosecutors and judges, and a full-time pro-bation officer, and provides for the publica-tion of its tribal laws; and 
Whereas, the Iowa Coalition Against Sex-
ual Assault and the Iowa Coalition against Domestic Violence have noted that the vic-tims of domestic violence on the Meskwaki Settlement prefer that prosecution and other court services be handled by the tribal court of the Meskwaki Settlement: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate, the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring, That the Iowa Gen-
eral Assembly urges the members of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives to repeal the Act of June 30, 1948, Pub. L. No. 846, 62 Stat. 1161, which conferred on the State of Iowa juris-diction over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Meskwaki Settlement and to take whatever steps are necessary to achieve such a repeal; and be it further 
Resolved, That upon passage of this resolu-
tion, the Secretary of the Senate shall trans-mit copies of this resolution to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, and the members of Iowa’s congressional del-egation. 
POM–65. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the United States Congress to enact legislation similar to the Mohave County Radiation Compensation Act of 2013; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H
OUSE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 2004 
Whereas, the United States conducted 
nearly 200 atmospheric nuclear weapons de-velopment tests from 1945 to 1962; and 
Whereas, essential to the nation’s nuclear 
weapons development was uranium mining and processing, which was carried out by tens of thousands of workers; and 
Whereas, following cessation of the tests in 
1962, many of these workers filed class action lawsuits alleging exposure to known radi-ation hazards; and 
Whereas, these suits were dismissed by the 
appellate courts, but the United States Con-gress responded with the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (RECA), which devised a program allowing partial restitution to indi-viduals who developed serious illnesses after exposure to radiation released during the at-mospheric nuclear tests or after employment in the uranium industry; and 
Whereas, RECA presents an apology and 
monetary compensation to individuals who contracted certain cancers and other serious diseases following exposure to radiation re-leased during the atmospheric nuclear weap-ons tests or following occupational exposure to radiation while employed in the uranium industry during the Cold War arsenal build-up; and 
Whereas, RECA was designed to serve as an 
expeditious, low-cost alternative to litiga-tion; and 
Whereas, Mohave County was not included 
as an affected area for purposes of making claims under RECA based on exposure to at-mospheric nuclear testing; and 
Whereas, in 2013, United States Represent-
ative Paul Gosar introduced H.R. 424, known as the Mohave County Radiation Compensa-tion Act of 2013, which sought to include Mo-
have County as an affected area for purposes of making claims under RECA; and 
Whereas, H.R. 424 was not enacted. Wherefore your memorialist, the House of 
Representatives of the State of Arizona, the Senate concurring, prays: 
1. That the Members of the United States 
Congress enact legislation similar to United States Representative Paul Gosar’s Mohave County Radiation Compensation Act of 2013 that adds Mohave County as an affected area for purposes of making claims under RECA. 
2. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit copies of this Memorial to the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Con-gress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–66. A concurrent memorial adopted 
by the Legislature of the State of Arizona urging the Congress of the United States and Department of Veterans Affairs to review the disability rating process; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
S
ENATE CONCURRENT MEMORIAL 1008 
Whereas, military veterans with similar 
disabilities are receiving disparate disability ratings because of different standards, poli-cies and procedures used by the physical evaluation boards operated by the military departments; and 
Whereas, achieving consistent disability 
ratings regardless of service is an important objective that will ensure service members are treated equitably; and 
Whereas, disability significantly increases 
the veteran poverty rate; the rate of increase is nearly twice that of the nonveteran dis-abled population; and 
Whereas, even those veterans who receive 
Social Security Disability or Supplemental Security Income benefits have incomes under $9,000 per year; and 
Whereas, 60% of hiring organizations 
polled in a June 2010 Society for Human Re-source Management survey said that trans-lating military skills to a civilian job experi-ence could pose a challenge in hiring vet-erans and 46% said the same about hiring those who suffer from posttraumatic stress disorder and other mental health issues; and 
Whereas, while service members are often 
promised saleable skills and job opportuni-ties they would not have access to otherwise, the reality is that veterans often feel dis-criminated against and overlooked in the workplace; and 
Whereas, veterans who are granted a Total 
Disability Rating Based on Individual Unemployability are subject to earning re-strictions. 
Wherefore your memorialist, the Senate of 
the State of Arizona, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring, prays: 
1. That the United States Department of 
Veterans Affairs review the disability rating process to ensure that similar disabilities are rated similarly. 
2. That the United States Department of 
Veterans Affairs review the limitations on employment of veterans with disabilities and the ways in which veteran benefits are im-pacted if a veteran with a disability becomes employed to ensure that veterans with dis-abilities are not hindered from joining the workforce. 
3. That the United States Department of 
Veterans Affairs remove the earning restric-tion associated with the Total Disability Rating Based on Individual Unemployability. 
4. That the United States Department of 
Veterans Affairs develop programs and in-centives to encourage employers to hire vet-erans with disabilities. 
5. That the United States Congress enact 
legislation that codifies into the United States Code the text of 38 Code of Federal 
Regulations section 4.16, which provides that employment in a protected environment is not considered substantially gainful employ-ment for the purposes of a Total Disability Rating Based on Individual Unemployability. 
6. That the United States Congress define 
‘‘protected environment’’ to include busi-nesses that make special accommodations for veterans with disabilities. 
7. That the United States Congress enact 
legislation that prevents the United States Department of Veterans Affairs from de-creasing a Total Disability Rating Based on Individual Unemployability if the veteran is marginally employed in a protected environ-ment. 
8. That the Secretary of State of the State 
of Arizona transmit a copy of this Memorial to the Secretary of the United States De-partment of Veterans Affairs, the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and each Member of Congress from the State of Arizona. 
POM–67. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Maine memori-alizing the Congress of the United States to pass necessary legislation that will help all our veterans, from all our wars and conflicts, from World War II to present-day Iraq and Afghanistan to the extent necessary; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
J
OINT RESOLUTION S.P. 474 
We your Memorialists, the Members of the 
One Hundred and Twenty-seventh Legisla-ture of the State of Maine now assembled in the First Regular Session, most respectfully present and petition the United States Con-gress as follows: 
Whereas, military personnel from the 
State of Maine have answered the call to serve our Nation many times and Maine is estimated to be 3rd in the Nation per capita for military service. According to Veterans Administration records, Maine has had 11,531 military members serve since the tragic events of 9/11; and 
Whereas, members of the Maine National 
Guard and Reservists have been deployed many times over and many have returned from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan need-ing assistance and medical care; and 
Whereas, 55 of Maine’s services members 
have been killed in action in Iraq and Af-ghanistan; and 
Whereas, more than 320 have received the 
Purple Heart for wounds received in combat; and 
Whereas, many have returned home with 
post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, hearing problems and other physical and mental disabilities; and 
Whereas, many communities in Maine need 
someone who can meet with veterans and survivors to explain benefits and to get the word out to veterans and theirfamilies con-cerning frequently changing Veterans Ad-ministration benefits and eligibility; and 
Whereas, major issues for returning vet-
erans concerning increasing suicide rates, homelessness, unemployment and education were brought before the 113th Congress with little or no substantive results; and 
Whereas, as the 114th Congress begins, vet-
erans and their families in Maine and across the Nation hope that the new Congress will be responsive and helpful and aggressively address the many issues facing the veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan; and 
Whereas, the men and women who serve 
our State and Nation so faithfully deserve to have access to care, housing, medical treat-ment and mental and physical therapy: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.027 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5525 July 23, 2015 
Resolved , That We, your Memorialists, on 
behalf of the people we represent, take this opportunity to urge the United States Con-gress to take the lead in passing necessary legislation that will help all our veterans, from all our wars and conflicts, from World War II to present-day Iraq and Afghanistan to the extent necessary; and be it further 
Resolved , That suitable copies of this reso-
lution, duly authenticated by the Secretary of State, be transmitted to the President of the United States Senate, to the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and to each Member of the Maine Congres-sional Delegation. 
POM–68. A resolution adopted by the Cali-
fornia State Lands Commission supporting S.414, the California Desert Conservation and Recreation Act of 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
POM–69. A concurrent resolution adopted 
by the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico expressing firm support to the decision of the President of the United States to restore diplomatic relations be-tween the government of the United States and the government of the Republic of Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 242. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–89). 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 764. A bill to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–90). 
S. 834. A bill to amend the law relating to 
sport fish restoration and recreational boat-ing safety, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–91). 
H.R. 720. A bill to improve intergovern-
mental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–92). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. John N. 
T. Shanahan, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Michael X. 
Garrett, to be Lieutenant General. 
Navy nomination of Capt. Darse E. 
Crandall, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Joseph E. 
Tofalo, to be Vice Admiral. 
Air Force nomination of Gen. Paul J. 
Selva, to be General. 
Marine Corps nomination of Gen. Joseph F. 
Dunford, Jr., to be General. 
Air Force nomination of Gen. Darren W. 
McDew, to be General. 
Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. David 
J. Buck, to be Lieutenant General. 
Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Tod D. 
Wolters, to be Lieutenant General. Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Russell 
J. Handy, to be Lieutenant General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Frank H. 
Stokes, to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. John W. 
Raymond, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Col. James E. Porter, 
Jr., to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Robert P. 
Ashley, Jr., to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Daniel R. 
Hokanson, to be Lieutenant General. 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Kevin D. 
Scott, to be Vice Admiral. 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Kevin M. 
Donegan, to be Vice Admiral. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Michael H. 
Shields, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Victor J. 
Braden, to be Major General . 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Richard P. 
Breckenridge, to be Vice Admiral. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Colonel David W. Ashley and ending with Colonel Richard W. Wedan, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record on July 9, 2015. (minus 1 nominee: Colonel Robert A. Meyer, Jr.) 
Air Force nomination of Col. Steven A. 
Schaick, to be Brigadier General. 
Army nomination of Col. Jeffrey A. Doll, 
to be Brigadier General. 
Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. Carlton 
D. Everhart II, to be General. 
Air Force nomination of Col. Dondi E. 
Costin, to be Major General. 
Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Stephen R. 
Lyons, to be Lieutenant General. 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. John C. 
Aquilino, to be Vice Admiral. 
Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Robert L. 
Thomas, Jr., to be Vice Admiral. 
Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. 
Lawrence D. Nicholson, to be Lieutenant General. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD  
on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Robert B. A. 
MacGregor, to be Major. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Jane E. Boomer and ending with Matthew D. Van Dalen, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Afsana Ahmed and ending with Reggie D. Yager, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
John C. Rockwell and ending with Stephen J. Torres, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with Ana 
M. Apoltan and ending with Aldo Ttinoco, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Brian H. Adams and ending with Mary Jean Wood, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Allen Kipp Albright and ending with Bradley Duncan White, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 15, 2015. 
Army nomination of David G. Jones, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of Raymond L. Phua, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of John M. Bradford, to 
be Major. 
Army nominations beginning with Steve J. 
Chun and ending with Benjamin R. Siebert, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Army nomination of Steven L. Isenhour, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Joseph D. Gramling, 
to be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Mark S. Snyder, to be 
Colonel. 
Army nomination of Keith J. McVeigh, to 
be Colonel. 
Army nomination of Lisa M. Stremel, to be 
Major. 
Army nominations beginning with Michael 
N. Cleveland and ending with Michael W. Summers, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Army nominations beginning with Mat-
thew H. Brooks and ending with Jay D. Han-son, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Army nominations beginning with Gil A. 
Diazcruz and ending with Soliman G. Valdez, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Army nominations beginning with Nich-
olas R. Cabano and ending with James W. Pratt, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 8, 2015. 
Army nominations beginning with Kim-
berly D. Brenda and ending with Carrie A. Storer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on July 8, 2015. 
Army nominations beginning with Eric J. 
Ansorge and ending with D011713, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 8, 2015. 
Army nominations beginning with John L. 
Ament and ending with Wendy G. Woodall, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 8, 2015. 
Army nomination of Laura M. Hudson, to 
be Major. 
Army nomination of Mark R. Read, to be 
Colonel. 
Marine Corps nomination of John R. Bar-
clay, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Navy nomination of Thomas F. Murphy III, 
to be Captain. 
Navy nominations beginning with Arslan 
S. Chaudhry and ending with Andrew D. Silvestri, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on June 24, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Benjamin M. Boche, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Michael J. Elliott, to 
be Captain. 
Navy nominations beginning with Chris-
topher N. Andrews and ending with Nicholas J. Vandyke, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 8, 2015. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Michael C. McGowan, of Delaware, to be 
United States Marshal for the District of Delaware, for the term of four years. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.030 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5526 July 23, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. E NZI, and Mr. R OUNDS ): 
S. 1844. A bill to amend the Agricultural 
Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for vol-untary country of origin labeling for beef, pork, and chicken; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1845. A bill to amend the Wild Free- 
Roaming Horses and Burros Act to provide for State and tribal management and protec-tion of wild free-roaming horses and burros, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mr. 
C
RUZ): 
S. 1846. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-
curity Act of 2002 to secure critical infra-structure against electromagnetic threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ): 
S. 1847. A bill to enhance the accuracy of 
credit reporting and provide greater rights to consumers who dispute errors in their credit reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
OR-
NYN): 
S. 1848. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to improve the functioning and transparency of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Open Market Committee, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
I
NHOFE , Mr. P AUL, Mr. C ASSIDY , and 
Mr. B ARRASSO ): 
S. 1849. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a Medicare payment option for patients and eligible pro-fessionals to freely contract, without pen-alty, for Medicare fee-for-service items and services, while allowing Medicare bene-ficiaries to use their Medicare benefits; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
P
AUL): 
S. 1850. A bill to amend the Juvenile Jus-
tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to eliminate the use of valid court orders to secure lockup of status offenders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORNYN ): 
S. 1851. A bill to amend the Juvenile Jus-
tice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 to require States to eliminate the use of re-straints on pregnant juveniles in State cor-rection facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 1852. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to ensure health insurance coverage continuity for former foster youth; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 1853. A bill to limit the availability of 
funding for contributions to the United Na-tions if the arms embargo on Iran pursuant to United Nations Security Council Resolu-tions 1747 and 1929 is lifted; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BOOKER: 
S. 1854. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to improve the United States Postal Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. J OHNSON ): 
S. 1855. A bill to provide special foreign 
military sales status to the Philippines; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. T ESTER , and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 1856. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or mis-conduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of em-ployees of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , and Mr. S COTT): 
S. 1857. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ENNET , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. R EID, 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. U DALL , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. 
WYDEN ): 
S. 1858. A bill to prohibit discrimination on 
the basis of sex, gender identity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. UDALL: 
S. 1859. A bill to assure equity in con-
tracting between the Federal Government and small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
L
EAHY ): 
S. 1860. A bill to protect and promote inter-
national religious freedom; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B URR, Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ORAN , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , 
and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. Res. 228. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. B URR, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. C OTTON , and Ms. 
HIRONO ): S. Res. 229. A resolution designating July 
26, 2015, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Pro-fessionals Day’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 174 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 174, a bill to end offshore tax abuses, to preserve our national de-fense and protect American families and businesses from devastating cuts, and for other purposes. 
S. 284 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 284, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons respon-sible for gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safeguard data stored abroad from improper gov-ernment access, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mr. 
GRASSLEY ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glu-cose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 812 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
812, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.033 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5527 July 23, 2015 
(Mr. S CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 864 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 864, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish direct care registered nurse-to-patient staff-ing ratio requirements in hospitals, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, vet-erans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 1143 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1143, a bill to make the authority of States of Washington, Oregon, and California to manage Dungeness crab fishery permanent and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-
ator from Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) 
and the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and im-prove the Juvenile Justice and Delin-quency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
S. 1345 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1345, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve ac-cess to diabetes self-management training by authorizing certified diabe-tes educators to provide diabetes self- management training services, includ-ing as part of telehealth services, under 
part B of the Medicare program. 
S. 1387 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1387, a bill to amend title XVI of the Social Security Act to up-date eligibility for the supplemental security income program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1608 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1608, a bill to protect the safety of the national airspace system from the hazardous operation of consumer drones, and for other purposes. 
S. 1640 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1640, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve immi-gration law enforcement within the in-terior of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1641 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1641, a bill to improve the use by the Department of Veterans Affairs of opioids in treating veterans, to im-prove patient advocacy by the Depart-ment, and to expand availability of complementary and integrative health, and for other purposes. 
S. 1648 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1648, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to cre-ate a sustainable future for rural healthcare. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and political subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1688 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1688, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of New Co-lumbia into the Union. 
S. 1704 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1704, a bill to amend the In-dian Tribal Justice Act to secure ur-gent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other purposes. 
S. 1746 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1746, a bill to require the Of-
fice of Personnel Management to pro-vide complimentary, comprehensive identity protection coverage to all in-dividuals whose personally identifiable information was compromised during recent data breaches at Federal agen-cies. 
S. 1785 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 1785, a bill to repeal the wage rate require-ments of the Davis-Bacon Act. 
S. 1812 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1812, a bill to protect public safety by incentivizing State and local law enforcement to cooperate with Federal immigration law enforcement to pre-vent the release of criminal aliens into communities. 
S. 1814 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1814, a bill to withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities. 
S. 1832 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1832, a bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage. 
S. 1836 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1836, a bill to provide for a mora-torium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc. 
S. RES. 226 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 226, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the street be-tween the intersections of 16th Street, Northwest and Fuller Street, North-west and 16th Street, Northwest and Euclid Street, Northwest in Wash-ington, District of Columbia, should be designated as ‘‘Oswaldo Paya Way’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2268 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2268 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2272 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2272 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.032 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5528 July 23, 2015 
employees with health coverage under 
TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2276 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2276 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Idaho 
(Mr. R ISCH) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 2281 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Ms. 
STABENOW , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. E NZI, 
and Mr. R OUNDS ): 
S. 1844. A bill to amend the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for voluntary country of origin label-ing for beef, pork, and chicken; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, today I 
filed, along with a bipartisan group of cosponsors, the Voluntary Country of Origin Labeling and Trade Enhance-ment Act of 2015. I wish to thank the cosponsors on the legislation. The lead cosponsor on the Democratic side is Senator D
EBBIE STABENOW , ranking 
member on the Senate Agriculture Committee. Also joining us in this bi-partisan group are Senator J
OHNTHUNE  
from South Dakota, another member of the agriculture committee, Senator A
MY KLOBUCHAR , Senator C HUCK  
GRASSLEY , Senator H EIDI HEITKAMP , 
Senator M IKE ENZI, and Senator 
SHERROD BROWN . With the exception of 
Senator E NZI, all of the cosponsors are 
members of our agriculture committee. 
What we are trying to do is come up 
with a solution to the country-of-ori-gin labeling issue. This is an issue that has been in a WTO court for some time and involves the United States, Can-ada, and Mexico, our very good trading partners. Essentially what we are working to do is to find a solution that 
addresses the WTO issues as far as country-of-origin labeling in a way that makes sure that we are WTO com-pliant so that there are no duties or tariffs that can be levied against any of our agricultural exports or any other exports. At the same time, for those 
who want to use country-of-origin la-beling on a voluntary basis, they are able to do so. That would preserve what is known as the ‘‘Grade A’’ label, which simply means born, raised, and slaughtered or processed in the United States. So for beef, pork, and chicken, if it is born and raised and processed in the United States, one can still use that ‘‘Grade A’’ label, but it is a vol-untary program, it is not a mandatory program. We do that purposely so that we meet the WTO requirements. I have spoken with the U.S. Trade Represent-ative’s office about that issue, which I will go into in just a minute. 
What we have done is we have simply 
taken the House legislation—sponsored 
by the Agriculture Committee chair-man in the House, Representative M
IKE 
CONAWAY , which passed in the House— 
essentially, we take the same bill, the same language as far as repealing man-datory COOL. So we repeal mandatory COOL, which puts us in compliance with what the WTO is asking for, then we simply add some language that al-lows for a voluntary program, so that for processors, marketers, and pro-ducers that want to participate in a voluntary program, they can. If they believe consumers want to know, then they have that opportunity to provide their product with the ‘‘Grade A’’ label on a voluntary basis. That is reason-able because that is what Canada does. Canada has a voluntary program. It is called their ‘‘Product of Canada’’ label. So all we are doing is what Canada does. We repeal the mandatory pro-gram and we put in place a voluntary program just as our good friends and neighbors do in Canada. 
When I spoke with the U.S. Trade 
Representative about this issue, essen-tially what they said is whether we re-peal mandatory COOL by itself or re-peal mandatory COOL and have a vol-untary program, essentially we are in the same position vis-a-vis meeting the WTO requirements. 
So this is really an effort to build bi-
partisan support for a solution to the COOL issue, which has been a chal-lenging issue. This is an issue we worked on on the farm bill. I was one of the conferees on the conference com-mittee, and COOL and some of the other issues were some of the last— dairy, for example—issues we were able to resolve in finally getting an agree-ment on a farm bill. 
Again, this is an effort in a practical 
way to bring people together on both sides of the issue to solve the problem. We make sure we are WTO compliant. Then, on a voluntary basis, there is the option for people to label as they want to. We work to create enough bipar-tisan support in this body so we can deal with the issue now, so we can re-
solve the issue now and pass this legis-lation and then get it to conference with the House and have a resolution before the end of this month and before the August recess so that this issue is taken care of. 
I look forward to working with ev-
erybody involved on both sides of the aisle, including our esteemed chairman of the Agriculture Committee, Senator R
OBERTS . I appreciate all the time we 
have spent working together on this issue. I look forward to working with Members on both sides of the aisle, both on the Agriculture Committee and everyone else, to craft a solution, advance it through this body, and get it to conference with the House. 
As I said, I have spoken with Chair-
man C
ONAWAY , the Agriculture Com-
mittee chairman in the House. We have a good relationship, and we had a good dialogue about the sooner we get to work together to resolve this, the bet-ter, and we look forward to that. 
Again, I ask my colleagues to join 
with us, our bipartisan group, in a bi-partisan way. Let’s get this done and make sure we not only have addressed the issue with the World Trade Organi-zation court so there are no duties but also make sure we have put forward a solution that works for the American consumer and for the American agri-culture industry, that on a voluntary basis gives them the opportunity to provide country-of-origin labeling as well as solving the WTO challenge. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for him-
self, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. T ESTER , 
and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 1856. A bill to amend title 38, 
United States Code, to provide for sus-pension and removal of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
going back to my colleagues who have appeared to talk about issues of ac-countability for the Department of Veterans Affairs, I want to say how grateful I am for the spirit of collabo-ration that prevailed yesterday in our meeting. 
Very generously and responsibly, the 
chairman of that committee, Senator I
SAKSON —my good friend and distin-
guished colleague from Georgia—of-fered and committed to continue the effort to improve the measures we ap-proved yesterday in our committee to hold accountable the Department of Veterans Affairs and all of its employ-ees—just as we do any other agency of government—to make sure we keep faith with our veterans and leave no veteran behind. 
Our Nation needs to make sure we 
provide the robust resources and the prompt delivery of health care services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.032 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5529 July 23, 2015 
and other measures to our veterans 
with the honest and efficient manage-ment our veterans deserve. 
So many of us were repulsed and out-
raged by the revelation just a little more than 1 year ago about delays in health care, irresponsible and rep-rehensible and, indeed, criminal ob-struction of justice in cooking the books that prevailed at health care fa-cilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs around the country, and the ramifications were sweeping. There were indeed changes in management, beginning at the very top, with a new Secretary. There were also measures approved by this Congress in the last session, the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act, to make sure no veteran suffering 30 days or more in delays in health care be denied a pri-vate provider if he or she chooses one or is living more than 40 miles from any facility. 
We are working on additional meas-
ures, constructive and positive meas-ures, to make sure this Nation fulfills its promise of prompt, world-class, first-class health care to every veteran who needs it, regardless of what that need is, the specialty or the illness, and to make sure we also cure the other de-ficiencies, such as the delays in dis-ability claims, homelessness, jobless-ness, the need for job training and skills among our veterans. 
Part of our task is accountability to 
make sure members of the Department of Veterans Affairs are held account-able. That is one reason why I insisted and urged from the very beginning of those revelations of wrongdoing and criminality in the Department of Vet-erans Affairs that there be a Depart-ment of Justice investigation. I called on the Attorney General of the United States to investigate, not the inspector general of the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Attorney General of the United States because only the Depart-ment of Justice has the resources and expertise, direction, and leadership to successfully pursue the wide-ranging criminality and wrongdoing that I thought was revealed. 
For all of us who hope there is hon-
esty and fair dealing in our govern-ment, regrettably there has now been a criminal indictment. The indications are that more should follow, that there was and is reason for a Department of Justice investigation, that there are and need to be continued reports and results of the IG investigation. I have called in hearing after hearing that we be given those reports and results of the ongoing inspector general inves-tigation, and we still are lacking in the full work product from that office. There is clearly more work to be done on the wrongdoing that has been com-mitted in the past, and there is clearly more work to be done to prevent it in the future. 
Part of what needs to be done is to 
protect the whistleblowers. Indeed, those revelations of wrongdoing came in part from whistleblowers who had the courage and fortitude to step for-
ward and who were intimidated and os-tracized and sometimes persecuted within the VA. They need protection. One part of what we need to do is to make sure they are protected. 
There ought to be accountability 
going forward in disciplining employ-ees within the VA when there is mal-feasance or waste or fraud. That in-volves eliminating some of the redtape and rigaramole that in the past have hampered the VA Secretary or other managers in making sure that there is accountability. That is why I welcome the focus of our committee on assuring accountability and transparency. 
Those changes in the law are nec-
essary to enable the VA Secretary and his team to make sure that there is not only accurate and effective prompt dis-cipline but also the appearance of it so that employees at the VA will know that there is a standard of conduct and it will be enforced and it will be upheld in the courts when it is challenged. That is true not only in the VA but of every department of the U.S. Govern-ment. There needs to be that percep-tion and reality of the enforcement of codes of conduct and ethics. 
There needs to be a recognition that 
it is in the interest not only of the American taxpayer but the employees of the U.S. Government themselves. The majority of them are honest and hard-working. Those nurses, coun-selors, therapists, doctors, and admin-istrators at the VA who are doing their job—in fact, working overtime often without additional pay—who are serv-ing valiantly and responsibly, their cli-ents deserve that wrongdoers be rooted out and held accountable. They are the vast majority of those honest and hard- working employees, and we owe them thanks for what they do to serve our veterans, but the wrongdoers need to be disciplined. 
The idea that they should receive bo-
nuses is absolutely abhorrent. I wel-come legislation that stops bonuses for employees who fail the most basic no-tions of effective and honest service. They deserve that those bonuses be stopped. 
My colleague Senator I
SAKSON has 
spoken about S. 627, the bill that has been sponsored by Senator A
YOTTE and 
was approved yesterday. I want to make sure in the improvements I am going to offer to it and that my col-league Senator B
ROWN offered yester-
day—that we actually make it more ef-fective. That is the nature of this delib-erative process, that we try to improve on what we are doing to make enforce-ment more effective. 
I know as an enforcer, as a former 
U.S. attorney and a Federal and State official, enforcement is key to making the law work. The same is true of S. 1082, sponsored by our colleague Sen-ator R
UBIO, which also was approved 
yesterday by our committee. I have of-fered a bill that will improve the meas-ure we approved yesterday in a number of different respects. First of all, there are serious ques-
tions about the constitutionality of the provision approved yesterday. I think in fairness to all of the American tax-payers as well as this body, we should face whatever deficiencies there are constitutionally in the law before that law becomes unenforceable. 
The importance of making sure a law 
is constitutional goes to enforcement. A law that is unconstitutional, that fails to provide sufficient notice, a statement of causes, a right to be heard, an opportunity to achieve basic constitutional protection that the U.S. Security Court has repeatedly said is necessary, those deficiencies can make law unenforceable. 
As I said yesterday in our committee 
meeting, as a former attorney general, and there are others in this body, we know how difficult the task is to de-fend a law or defend State action that is based on a constitutional and firm statute. 
A law that is unenforceable is worse 
than no law at all because it creates a false sense of security, an expectation that never can be fulfilled because a law that is unenforceable will never be effective in preventing the wrong that it is designed to do. 
I want to improve S. 1082—in fact, to 
make it more effective—but to make sure it is done in a way that can be upheld, also to protect those whistle-blowers, and to make sure that if there are firings and disciplines, it is done on the merits, that it is done on the basis of real cause and evidence, not as part of a political witch hunt. 
We have been through the spoils sys-
tem. This Nation has lived through a time when, in effect, offices were bought and sold. That certainly is no-body’s intention here, and I am sure my colleagues and I can work together to move toward a measure that fulfills our common shared objective in mak-ing sure that merit and effective action is rewarded with bonuses and through other means and that wrongdoing is punished and deterred. 
There can be no enforcement unless 
the law is framed as well as possible, and there can be no deterrence unless there is enforcement. That is what we want to do: prevent this kind of wrong-doing going forward, not just looking backward and pursuing and pros-ecuting the wrongdoers, which I hope will be done. There is more than ample evidence to support it but also to pre-vent it going forward. 
I am tremendously heartened by our 
committee chairman’s commitment to work with me and others on that com-mittee. He said to me very explicitly, and it is on the record, that he will, in fact, work with us. We will engage in collaboration. 
I think we are going to improve these 
measures. They may not be huge or sweeping changes in what we approved yesterday, but we all know that words can sometimes lead to courts con-cluding that there are defects in the law that were never intended by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.105 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5530 July 23, 2015 
Framers. That is a consequence, an un-
intended result that we should avoid if possible. It may seem like lawyer talk, but it has ramifications in the courts. That is the reason we heard from the DAV at our June 24 hearing that it is ‘‘vitally important to VA’s long-term future to create an environment in which the best and brightest profes-sionals choose VA over other Federal or private employers.’’ 
We need those best of the best in the 
VA, not working in the private sector alone. Fairness and due process in our workplace will encourage talented doc-tors, lawyers, nurses, and other profes-sionals to come to the VA, which is where we need them, for the strength of that system. 
As the independent U.S. Merit Sys-
tems Protection Board stated in its statement for the record in the com-mittee’s June 24th hearing, there is a need to follow and respect constitu-tional due process. The Partnership for Public Service said much of the same thing in this letter of July 21, 2015. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the letter be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
PARTNERSHIP FOR PUBLIC SERVICE , 
Washington DC, July 21, 2015. 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON VETERANS AFFAIRS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MEMBERS OF THE SENATE VETERANS  
AFFAIRS COMMITTEE : On behalf of the Part-
nership for Public Service, a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization dedicated to improv-ing the effectiveness of our federal govern-ment, I am writing to express my views on S. 1082, the Department of Veterans Affairs Ac-countability Act of 2015, and a substitute amendment to be offered by Senator Blumenthal, which would address employee accountability and broader management challenges at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). 
As members of the Senate Veterans Affairs 
Committee, you have a unique opportunity to fix serious problems at the Department and improve the ability of the Department to deliver on its mission to provide high- quality services to veterans. Unfortunately, the reforms promoted in S. 1082 will not ac-complish these objectives. As drafted, the bill eliminates due process protections for employees—which will silence the very whis-tleblowers we rely on to sound the alarm— and could lead to removals for partisan or discriminatory reasons. The bill will also have an adverse impact on the ability of VA to recruit and retain top talent, as seasoned reformers may be less inclined to pursue VA leadership positions without due process pro-tections. In addition, the bill expedites the appeals process without providing additional resources, which, according to a statement for the record from the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board (MSPB), could overwhelm MSPB’s capacity to manage its workload. 
The Partnership strongly agrees that poor 
performance is a real problem at VA and that federal employees at all agencies must be held accountable for their performance and conduct. We have recommended dozens of reforms to the current civil service system that, we believe, will lead to a better man-aged government and a higher performing workforce. However, moving to at-will em-ployment will have many unintended con-sequences and will not solve the critical 
management challenges that are hobbling VA and jeopardizing the care of our veterans. We believe a better solution lies in Sen. Blumenthal’s substitute amendment that would give the Secretary an additional tool to remove individuals who are a threat to public health or safety, and improve the management of the Department. 
Among other things, the substitute amend-
ment would do the following: 
Hold senior political leaders accountable 
in performance plans for recruiting and se-lecting the right people for employment at the agency, engaging and motivating em-ployees, training and developing employees and holding managers accountable for mak-ing difficult performance decisions. Account-ability for management in government starts at the very top and this provision will ensure all leaders, career and political, are held accountable. 
Ensure managers are fully using the proba-
tionary period to develop high-potential em-ployees and to remove someone if they are not the right fit for the position. The amend-ment would require managers to make an af-firmative decision as to whether an indi-vidual who serves in a probationary period has demonstrated successful performance and should continue past the probationary period. It also requires new supervisors to demonstrate management competencies, in addition to technical skills, in order to re-main in a management position. 
Require periodic training for managers on 
the rights of whistleblowers and how to ad-dress an employee allegation of a hostile work environment, reprisal or harassment; how to effectively motivate, manage and re-ward employees; and how to effectively man-age employees who are performing at an un-acceptable level. 
Hold VA managers accountable in perform-
ance plans for taking action to address poor performance and misconduct and for taking steps to improve or sustain high levels of employee engagement. 
Create a separate promotion track for 
technical experts so they can advance in their careers without having to go into man-agement positions for which they are ill- suited. Too often we hear that supervisors promote their employees to management po-sitions because they want to pay them more, even when the employees are technical ex-perts who may be uninterested or unskilled in managing people. 
Require GAO to study the implementation 
of Section 707 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, which was enacted last year, to understand its impact on performance, accountability, recruitment and retention at VA, particu-larly at the executive level. The provision would also require GAO to review VA’s inter-nal policies for dealing with performance issues and make recommendations for how the Department could expedite the process for addressing performance and misconduct administratively. 
The challenges at VA are critical and must 
be addressed. We encourage the Committee to adopt the substitute amendment and en-sure these critical management provisions are included as the bill moves to the floor. Our veterans deserve the very best care and this is the time for real reform, not simple expediency. 
Very best wishes, 
M
AXSTIER, 
President and CEO. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. I ask that my 
colleagues join in this collaboration because I know how deeply you and I feel, how we share that common goal, not just in our committee. I ask that we work to incorporate the measure I 
have introduced today, S. 1856, with the cosponsorship Senators M
URRAY , SAND-
ERS, BROWN , TESTER , and H IRONO , my 
colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Equitable Employee Ac-countability Act. This measure is in-
troduced today, and it will help us im-prove and enhance S. 1082 and the su-premely important objectives that mo-tivate it. 
I thank my colleagues for our work 
together, and I look forward to pur-suing it. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. R EID, 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
WARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. 1858. A bill to prohibit discrimina-
tion on the basis of sex, gender iden-tity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Equality Act of 2015—comprehensive civil rights legis-lation for our LGBT community. 
There are few concepts as fundamen-
tally American as equality. We were founded on this principle with these simple words: 
We hold these truths to be self-evident, 
that all men are created equal, they are en-dowed by their Creator with unalienable Rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
For more than two centuries, we 
have been working to fulfill that vision of equality. We have taken direct ac-tion as a nation so that our laws align more closely with these founding ideals. We have challenged unjust rules and destructive prejudices and chosen to advance basic civil rights. 
Martin Luther King put forth the vi-
sion that the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends towards justice. He knew that in the 1950s and 1960s Ameri-cans were hard at work making that moral arc of the universe bend towards justice. That is the work we continue here in the Senate, here on Capitol Hill, here in the House of Representa-tives just 100 yards away. 
Step by step, stride by stride, the 
barriers that once prevented people from enjoying the full measure of lib-erty, the full measure of opportunity, the full measure of equality have bro-ken down. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.108 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5531 July 23, 2015 
At the same time, we recognize there 
is much more to be done to secure that reality for each and every American. In cities and towns across our Nation, many of our citizens do not receive equal treatment, not because of any-thing they have done but because of who they are—lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, whom they love, and who they are. 
Yes, we have made progress in ad-
vancing rights for the LGBT commu-nity. We passed the Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Prevention Act after I came to the Senate in 2009. We repealed don’t ask, don’t tell, which prevented all Americans from serving openly in the U.S. military. We reauthorized the Violence Against Women Act, or VAWA, with protections for services for the LGBT community. We passed the Affordable Care Act so that no one could be denied health care because of their sexual orientation or gender iden-tity. And we have seen landmark vic-tories in the Supreme Court, first in the Edith Windsor case when the Court ruled it was unconstitutional for the Federal Government to discriminate and just last month when the Court re-affirmed that ‘‘love is love’’ and en-sured that marriage equality would come to all 50 States. 
That is a significant number of steps, 
a significant number of strides on the path toward full equality, and it hap-pened in a relatively short period of time. But we are far from where we need to be—full equality for every American. As long as people are afraid to put their spouse’s photo on their desk at work, as long as they are wor-ried about being evicted from their apartment if they do not pretend to be just roommates, we have a lot of work to do. 
The harsh reality remains that in far 
too many States there are still no laws specifically prohibiting discrimination against LGBT Americans. Nearly two- thirds of the LGBT community reports they have faced discrimination in their lives. In Pennsylvania, a transgender woman can be denied service and kicked out of a restaurant just for being who she is and it would be per-fectly legal. In Michigan, a newly mar-ried couple can be denied the chance to buy their first house just because they are both women and that would be per-fectly legal. In North Carolina, a gay man can be fired from his job today just for being gay and that would be perfectly legal. 
Only 22 States and the District of Co-
lumbia have passed legislation that prevents workers from being fired be-cause they are gay. Only 19 of those States and the District of Columbia in-clude language protecting against gen-der identity bias. 
The time has come to right this 
wrong. The time has come for us as a nation to be bolder and better at ensur-ing full rights and full equality for the LGBT community. Not only is it with-in our power, it is something America must work to lead. And the most pow-erful form of leadership is the example 
we set. 
In 1962, Bobby Kennedy said: 
Nations around the world look to us for 
leadership not merely by strength of arms, but by the strength of our convictions. We not only want, but we need, the free exercise of rights by every American. 
Our commitment to the vision of 
equality and fairness is a significant part of America’s soul. It makes us strong. It makes us who we are as a people. And we should settle for noth-ing less. These fundamental principles served as the guiding force behind the comprehensive legislation—the Equal-ity Act of 2015—we are introducing today here in the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
I thank my lead cosponsors in the 
Senate, C
ORY BOOKER and T AMMY  
BALDWIN , who have done enormous 
good work in setting the stage for to-day’s introduction. 
I thank four staff members who 
worked very hard on this on my team, including my chief of staff, Michael Zamore; my legislative director, Jere-miah Baumann; my legislative assist-ant, Adrian Snead; and my legislative correspondent, Elizabeth Eickelberg. There are many other members of the team who pitched in, but they have worked day and night to help make this moment arrive. 
We have had support, such critical 
support and involvement from numer-ous outside groups. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a 
list of dozens of groups endorsing this legislation. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS THAT ENDORSE THE  
LEGISLATION : 
9to5, National Association of Working 
Women, Advocates for Youth, Aids United, American Civil Liberties Union, American Federation of Teachers, American Federa-tion of Teachers, Anti-Defamation League, Athlete Ally, Bend the Arc Jewish Action, CenterLink: The Community of LGBT Cen-ters, Central Conference of American Rabbis, Family Equality Council, Family Equality Council, Freedom to Work, Generation Progress, GLSEN, Hindu American Founda-tion, Human Rights Campaign, Interfaith Al-liance, JWI. 
Lambda Legal, NARAL Pro-Choice Amer-
ica, National Black Justice Coalition, Na-tional Center for Lesbian Rights, National Center for Transgender Equality, National Council of La Raza (NCLR), National Edu-cation Association, National Education As-sociation, National Employment Law Project, National Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, National LGBTQ Task Force Ac-tion Fund, National Organization for Women, National Partnership for Women & Families, National Women’s Law Center, People For the American Way, PFLAG Na-tional, PFLAG National, Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, Secular Coali-tion for America, Sexuality Information and Education Council of the U.S. (SIECUS), The Trevor Project, Union for Reform Judaism. 
STATE ORGANIZATIONS THAT ENDORSE THE  
LEGISLATION : 
9to5 California, CA; 9to5 Colorado, CO; 9to5 
Georgia, GA; 9to5 Wisconsin, WI; Equality Michigan, MI; Equality Michigan, MI; Gen-
der Justice, MN and Upper Midwest; Gender Rights Maryland, MD; PROMO (Missouri), MO; Southwest Women’s Law Center, NM. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I par-
ticularly want to draw attention to several organizations that played a leading role, and I apologize to others that were also very involved. The Human Rights Campaign played a cen-tral role in organizing today’s intro-duction. I also thank the American Civil Liberties Union, the National Council of La Raza, the National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund, the National Women’s Law Center, and so many others. 
The Equality Act will create uniform 
Federal standards to protect all LGBT Americans from discrimination in housing, in workplaces, in schools, in public accommodations, and in finan-cial transactions. It is a vision of equality deeply rooted in the 1964 Civil Rights Act. It is setting the same foun-dation to end discrimination for the LGBT community that was set for eth-nicity and set for gender and set for race. That is the foundation for the vi-sion of eliminating discrimination in area after area, and it is time we place LGBT nondiscrimination on that same foundation. That is what we are doing today—comprehensively taking on dis-crimination. 
The bill also addresses gaps in legal 
protections against sex discrimina-tion—ensuring women are treated equally in all aspects of their lives. The Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission and a steadily increasing num-ber of courts have recognized that sex-ual orientation and gender identity dis-crimination are properly understood as forms of sex discrimination in light of multiple controlling sex discrimination cases. The EEOC has done this through several decisions, most notably Macy v. Holder in 2012, which held that transgender discrimination is sex dis-crimination, and Baldwin v. Foxx very recently, which held that sexual ori-entation discrimination is sex dis-crimination. 
The bill we are introducing today, 
the Equality Act, codifies this under-standing, making it clear that sexual orientation and gender identity are correctly understood as sex discrimina-tion. 
In addition, the bill adds the terms 
‘‘sexual orientation’’ and ‘‘gender iden-tity’’ to the list of protected character-istics throughout the code. This change should not be read to mean that sexual orientation and gender identity are not correctly understood as sex discrimina-tion. These additions were made so covered entities as well as LGBT peo-ple can clearly see that these protec-tions exist. Employers, businesses, and institutions are often not aware of the decisions by the EEOC and the courts holding that sexual orientation or gen-der identity are protected. 
This bill represents a paradigm shift 
in two ways. First, our civil rights community has worked incredibly hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.066 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5532 July 23, 2015 
to defend the principles established in 
the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and today we are asking for their engagement to not simply defend this act but to expand this act. Second, we have worked very hard to take on pieces of discrimina-tion, whether it be don’t ask, don’t tell, whether it be Federal benefits for same-sex partners. But today we are saying we need a vision of comprehen-sive nondiscrimination. That is the ex-pression of full opportunity. You can-not access full opportunity if the door is closed in financial transactions or jury selection or public accommoda-tions if you can still be turned away from a restaurant because of whom you love or whom you are. Every American deserves equality in every basic func-tion of our society. Discrimination has no place in our Nation’s laws. 
If it is wrong in marriage, as the 
Court has held, as numerous States have established, it is wrong also in employment. If it is wrong in employ-ment, it is wrong in housing. If it is wrong in housing, it is wrong, too, in education. 
Overwhelmingly, Americans believe 
discrimination is wrong. Overwhelm-ingly, they believe it is already illegal, and they believe it has no place in our society and no place being condoned by our laws. 
Even though the Equality Act ad-
dresses multiple dimensions of dis-crimination, it is quite simple. It says that people deserve to live free from fear, free from violence, and free from discrimination, regardless of who they are or whom they love. 
Writing these protections into law 
will bring us another stride forward in our Nation’s long march toward inclu-sion and equality. It will extend the full promise of America to every Amer-ican. I will keep fighting until this bill is on the President’s desk. I will not be satisfied until everyone in the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender community is guaranteed the dignity and the free-dom they deserve, the whole sense of opportunity provided through partici-pation in American society. A full measure of equality: equal citizen. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me 
in this fight. I thank the 40 Senators who stood up today to be original co-sponsors of the Equality Act of 2015. Let’s make our democracy more inclu-sive and our freedom more perfect by bringing our laws and our actions in line with the founding principle that all are created equal. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last 
month, the Supreme Court took a sig-nificant step towards a more perfect union when it ruled that every Amer-ican has the right to marry the person they love and have that lawful mar-riage recognized. It was a victory for love and justice over bigotry and intol-erance. This historic milestone should be celebrated, but we must remember that the journey is not complete. The Fourteenth Amendment’s principles of liberty and equality safeguard all cou-ples’ right to marry, and also serves as a bulwark against discriminatory 
treatment in the other aspects of ev-eryday life, including where we live, where we work, and our interactions with the government. 
While LGBT Americans are now able 
to marry the person they love, they continue to experience discrimination in many other aspects of their lives. Achieving full equality means that LGBT individuals should be able to provide security for their families without fear that they will be fired from their jobs or denied housing. It means that a restaurant cannot refuse to serve an LGBT couple because the owner disapproves of that couple’s rela-tionship. 
These are not abstract concepts. In 
our country today, LGBT Americans continue to experience discrimination, and it must end. In a June 27 article in the New York Times, entitled ‘‘Next Fight for Gay Rights: Bias in Jobs and Housing,’’ the author Erik Eckholm provides clear documentation of such discrimination. A landlord in East Nashville, TN, refused to rent his apartment to two women in a loving relationship after he learned of their partnership because it made him ‘‘un-comfortable.’’ He refused their rental application even after they offered to raise the rent by $150. A transgender individual was fired from her job as an industrial electrician because, accord-ing to her boss, her identity was be-coming ‘‘too much of a distraction,’’ in spite of the fact that she was doing ‘‘great work.’’ 
If such discrimination were based on 
race, religion, sex, or national origin, these individuals would be protected under Federal law. But because Federal civil rights law, as well as many state and local laws, do not provide explicit protections based on sexual orientation and gender identity, these individuals continue to experience discrimination without any legal protection. Their stories show us that LGBT Americans continue to be treated as second class citizens in their daily lives. 
That is why I am an original cospon-
sor of the Equality Act. The bill would amend existing Federal law to provide explicit civil rights protections for LGBT individuals. This non-discrimi-nation bill would ensure that sexual orientation and gender identity are protected under Federal law in the same way that race, sex, religion, na-tional origin, and disability are also protected classes. The result would be to protect LGBT individuals against discrimination in public accommoda-tions, federally-funded programs, em-ployment, housing, education, credit, and other aspects of daily life. This is the kind of equality and security that all American families should enjoy. 
I am proud that Vermont was one of 
the first States to pass a comprehen-sive law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in 1992, and also passed a law explicitly prohib-iting discrimination on the basis of gender identity in 2007. All Vermonters are protected from discrimination in 
employment, places of public accom-modation, housing, credit, and other services. This is what we need on the Federal level as well. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the New York Times article referenced above be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, June 27, 2015] 
NEXTFIGHT FOR GAYRIGHTS : BIAS IN JOBS 
ANDHOUSING  
(By Erik Eckholm) 
Exhilarated by the Supreme Court’s en-
dorsement of same-sex marriage, gay rights leaders have turned their sights to what they see as the next big battle: obtaining federal, state and local legal protections in employ-ment, housing, commerce and other arenas, just like those barring discrimination based on race, religion, sex and national origin. 
The proposals pit advocates against many 
of the same religious conservatives who op-posed legalizing same-sex marriage, and who now see the protection of what they call reli-gious liberty as their most urgent task. These opponents argue that antidiscrimina-tion laws will inevitably be used to force re-ligious people and institutions to violate their beliefs, whether by providing services for same-sex weddings or by employing gay men and lesbians in church-related jobs. 
Nationally, antidiscrimination laws for 
gay people are a patchwork with major geo-graphic inequities, said Brad Sears, execu-tive director of the Williams Institute at the School of Law of the University of Cali-fornia, Los Angeles. ‘‘Those who don’t live on the two coasts or in the Northeast have been left behind in terms of legal protec-tion,’’ he said. 
At least 22 states bar discrimination based 
on sexual orientation, and most of them also offer protections to transgender people. 
Tennessee is one of the majority of states 
that do not bar such discrimination. There, in East Nashville, Tiffany Cannon and Lauren Horbal thought they had found the perfect house to share with a friend, and the landlord seemed ready to rent when they ap-plied in April. 
Then he called them to ask what their re-
lationship with each other was, Ms. Horbal, 26, recalled. 
She said that when the landlord learned 
that she and Ms. Cannon, 25, were partners, he said, ‘‘I’m not comfortable with that.’’ He refused to process their application, even after they offered to raise their rent by $150, to $700 a month, Ms. Horbal said. 
The women, both restaurant workers, are 
still looking for a place to live. 
In many states, some local governments 
have antidiscrimination laws, but they are often weak or poorly enforced, said Ruth Colker, an expert on discrimination law at Moritz College of Law at Ohio State Univer-sity. 
‘‘Typically, the penalty for violating a city 
ordinance is more akin to a traffic viola-tion,’’ she said. ‘‘State-level penalties can be much more significant.’’ 
As they push for more state and local safe-
guards, rights advocates are also starting a long-term campaign for a broad federal shield that would give sexual orientation and gender identity protected status under the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
The goal is to achieve overlapping local, 
state and federal laws, an approach that has proved effective in curbing other kinds of discrimination, said Sarah Warbelow, legal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.068 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5533 July 23, 2015 
director at the Human Rights Campaign, a 
gay rights advocacy group. Visible laws can not only permit lawsuits, she said, but also deter employers and others from biased be-havior. 
Although a majority of states lack such 
protections, federal orders and court deci-sions, especially in employment, are gradu-ally offering more safeguards. 
With executive orders last year, President 
Obama barred discrimination based on sex-ual orientation and gender identity by fed-eral agencies and federal contractors, includ-ing companies employing about one in five American workers, Mr. Sears said. 
At the same time, the Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission, charged with en-forcing federal law in the workplace, has de-termined that discrimination against gay men, lesbians and transgender people amounts to illegal sex discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, and it is bringing or endorsing lawsuits under that provision. 
That application of existing law is still 
being tested in court and is more established for transgender workers than for gay and les-bian workers. In the past two years, the agency has successfully pursued 223 cases in-volving gay or transgender people who faced workplace harassment or other discrimina-tion, gaining settlements or court orders, said Chai R. Feldblum, one of the agency’s five commissioners. 
Patricia Dawson of Pangburn, Ark., 46, 
hopes to join that list. Ms. Dawson, who grew up as Steven, had more than 15 years’ experience as an industrial electrician and had been a rising employee at H & H Elec-tric, an industrial contractor, for four years when she informed her boss in 2012 that she was transitioning to female and had changed her name. 
The boss, she said in a Title VII-based law-
suit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union, told her to keep her plans secret and not to ‘‘rock the boat’’ with clients. 
When her identity became obvious and gos-
sip raged at the work site, she said, the boss said to her, ‘‘I’m sorry, Steve, you do great work, but you are too much of a distraction, and I am going to have to let you go.’’ 
Ms. Dawson said she was devastated by her 
treatment. ‘‘I love what I do; I get the great-est joy out of fixing things,’’ she said in an interview. ‘‘Treating us as second-class citi-zens, it’s hurtful.’’ 
Civil rights groups worked for years for an 
employment antidiscrimination act, an ef-fort that was blocked by House Republicans and collapsed this year over discord about religious exemptions. Buoyed by the rapid advance of same-sex marriage, these groups are now determined to seek a far wider law. 
‘‘I think there’s a very strong consensus 
now among advocacy groups that we need a broader bill that puts discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity on the same footing as race, religion and gen-der,’’ said Shannon P. Minter, legal director at the National Center for Lesbian Rights. 
‘‘No court decision could accomplish all of 
that,’’ Mr. Minter said. 
Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, 
said he planned to introduce a bill within the next few months to add protections for gays and transgender people to the Civil Rights Act. 
‘‘People are going to realize that you can 
get married in the morning and be fired from your job or refused entry to a restaurant in the afternoon,’’ Mr. Merkley said. ‘‘That is unacceptable.’’ 
But the effort will take years, he said, be-
cause it appears unlikely that Republican committee heads in Congress will advance such a bill. 
In the emerging state-by-state battles for 
antidiscrimination laws, the strongest oppo-sition has come from conservative religious 
groups that have been alarmed by a few well- publicized cases, like that of a florist in Washington State who was fined for refusing to provide flowers for a same-sex wedding. 
‘‘We’ve got good reason to be concerned 
about these laws, because they’ve been found to be coercive where they’ve been enacted,’’ said Greg Scott, vice president of commu-nications at Alliance Defending Freedom, a Christian legal group. 
Russell Moore, president of the Ethics and 
Religious Liberty Commission of the South-ern Baptist Convention, said that it was wrong to equate religious objections to ho-mosexual behavior with racism, and that proposed antidiscrimination laws could ‘‘do more harm than good.’’ 
‘‘Some have suggested that we work out a 
compromise, addressing housing and employ-ment discrimination and protecting religious freedom for those who dissent from the ideas of the sexual revolution,’’ he said. ‘‘But I have yet to see any proposal that would do both of those things well.’’ 
There is some common ground. For exam-
ple, under the Civil Rights Act, religious or-ganizations have the right to give preference in hiring to those of their faith, Ms. Warbelow of the Human Rights Campaign noted. In housing, federal rules exempt owner-occupied rentals with four or fewer units from discrimination provisions. 
‘‘We wouldn’t expect these things to 
change,’’ Ms. Warbelow said. ‘‘We really want L.G.B.T. people to be protected the same as those in other protected categories.’’ 
But some disagreements, especially involv-
ing private businesses, may be unbridgeable. The major gay and civil rights groups are united in their opposition to ‘‘religious lib-erty’’ bills, a priority of conservative Chris-tian advocates, which would allow religious vendors to refuse to serve gay couples or wedding celebrations. 
‘‘Religious liberty does not authorize dis-
crimination,’’ said James D. Esseks, the di-rector of gay rights issues at the American Civil Liberties Union. 
‘‘It’s profoundly harmful to walk into a 
business open to the public and be told, ‘No, we don’t actually serve your kind here,’’’ he said. ‘‘That’s not how America works.’’ 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I am proud 
to join in sponsoring the Equality Act. 
Last month, the Supreme Court ruled 
on the right side of history by deciding that loving and committed same-sex couples have the right to be married. 
While same-sex couples now can be le-gally wed, Federal law still does not protect them from being fired or evict-ed from their homes on the basis of their sexual identity or gender iden-tity. The Equality Act addresses this issue and represents a major step for-ward in protecting the civil rights of all Americans. 
At the same time we celebrate this 
historic bill, we must ensure that reli-gious institutions have the right to their own views of marriage. As the Su-preme Court noted in its decision, ‘‘it must be emphasized that religions, and those who adhere to religious doc-trines, may continue to advocate with utmost, sincere conviction that, by di-vine precepts, same-sex marriage should not be condoned.’’ I look for-ward to working with colleagues to ad-dress these issues as the bill advances through the legislative process. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. L EAHY ): S. 1860. A bill to protect and promote 
international religious freedom; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1860 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Further 
Independence of Religion for Security and Tolerance Freedom Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘FIRST Freedom Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS; SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) Many of our Nation’s founders fled reli-
gious persecution and placed great impor-tance on religious freedom. President George Washington summed up the prevailing view of our founders when he wrote, in 1793, ‘‘in this Land of equal liberty it is our boast, that a man’s religious tenets will not forfeit the protection of the Laws’’. 
(2) In 1791, the First Amendment to the 
Constitution was ratified, enshrining free-dom of religion as the ‘‘First Freedom’’ of all Americans and becoming an inspiration to people all over the world who struggle to throw off the yoke of religious persecution. 
(3) Throughout our Nation’s history, the 
United States has sought to protect and pro-mote fundamental human rights, including religious freedom, in the United States and throughout the world. 
(4) After World War II, under Eleanor Roo-
sevelt’s leadership, the United States spear-headed the ratification of the Universal Dec-laration of Human Rights, adopted at Paris December 10, 1948, which recognized freedom of religion as a fundamental right of all peo-ple. Article 18 of that treaty states ‘‘Every-one has the right to freedom of thought, con-science and religion; this right includes free-dom to change his religion or belief, and freedom either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.’’. 
(5) The International Covenant on Civil 
and Political Rights, adopted at New York December 16, 1966, and which was ratified by the United States in 1992, states, ‘‘Everyone shall have the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion. This right shall in-clude freedom to have or to adopt a religion or belief of his choice, and freedom, either individually or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his reli-gion or belief in worship, observance, prac-tice and teaching.’’. 
(6) Since the enactment of the Inter-
national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (Pub-lic Law 105–292), referred to in this section as ‘‘IRFA’’, which established the Department of State’s Office on International Religious Freedom, the Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom, and the United States Commission on International Reli-gious Freedom (referred to in this section as ‘‘USCIRF’’), the state of religious freedom throughout the world has significantly wors-ened. 
(7) In section 2(a)(4) of IRFA (2 U.S.C. 
6401(a)(4)), Congress stated, ‘‘More than one- half of the world’s population lives under re-gimes that severely restrict of prohibit the freedom of their citizens to study, believe, 
observe, and freely practice the religious faith of their choice.’’. 
(8) According to ‘‘Rising Tide of Restric-
tions on Religion,’’ the most recent report of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.049 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5534 July 23, 2015 
the Pew Research Center’s Forum on Reli-
gion & Public Life, three-quarters of the world’s population lives in countries in which restrictions on religion were high or very high. 
(9) According to the 2014 USCIRF Annual 
Report, ‘‘The past 10 years have seen a wors-ening of the already-poor religious freedom environment in Pakistan, a continued dearth of religious freedom in Turkmenistan, back-sliding in Vietnam, rising violations in Egypt before and after the Arab Spring, and Syria’s decent [sic] into sectarian civil war with all sides perpetrating egregious reli-gious freedom violations.’’. 
(10) Under section 402 of IRFA (22 U.S.C. 
6442), the President is required to designate a country as a country of particular concern (referred to in this section as ‘‘CPC’’) if the government of the country has engaged in or tolerated systematic, ongoing and egregious 
violations of religious freedom. 
(11) According to the 2015 USCIRF Annual 
Report, since October 1999, when the first countries were designated as CPCs, ‘‘the list has been largely unchanged. Of the nine countries designated as CPCs in July 2014, most had been named as CPCs for over a dec-ade . . . Since IRFA’s inception, only one country has been removed from the State Department’s CPC list due to diplomatic ac-tivity.’’ This track record calls into serious question the utility of the CPC mechanism and the utility of IRFA to improve the state of religious freedom throughout the world. 
(12) The United States has a long tradition 
of providing safe haven to refugees, includ-ing members of religious minority groups and those fleeing religious persecution. Fol-lowing the international community’s tragic failure to shelter Jewish refugees fleeing the Nazi genocide, the United States played a leadership role in establishing the inter-national legal regime for the protection of refugees. Since that time, the American peo-ple have generously welcomed millions of refugees fleeing war and totalitarian re-gimes, and the United States traditionally accepts at least 50 percent of resettlement cases handled by the Office of the United Na-tions High Commissioner for Refugees (re-ferred to in this section as ‘‘UNHCR’’). 
(13) According to the 2014 UNHCR Global 
Trends Report, more than 59,500,000 people were forcibly displaced in 2014— 
(A) which is equal to 1 displacement for 
every 122 people worldwide; 
(B) which is the most displacements in a 
year in recorded history; 
(C) including— (i) 38,200,000 individuals who were inter-
nally displaced within their own country; 
(ii) 19,500,000 refugees; and (iii) 1,800,000 asylum-seekers; (D) many of whom were victims of serious 
human rights violations, including religious persecution; and 
(E) many are whom are members of vulner-
able populations, including religious minori-ties. 
(14) The ongoing conflict in Syria has led 
to the world’s worst ongoing humanitarian crisis and worst refugee crisis since World War II. More than 50 percent of Syria’s 23,000,000 people have been forcibly displaced from their homes and, as of 2015, 20 percent of the world’s refugees are Syrians. UNHCR is seeking to resettle 130,000 Syrian refugees during 2015 and 2016, with a particular focus on vulnerable individuals such as religious minorities. Although the United States tra-ditionally accepts at least 50 percent of UNHCR resettlement cases, the United States has only accepted approximately 800 Syrian refugees since the beginning of the Syrian conflict, which is an unacceptably low number. (15) There are several steps that would fa-
cilitate the efforts of the United States Gov-ernment to protect and provide safe haven to refugees from religious persecution. The 2015 USCIRF Annual Report recommends that Congress ‘‘work to provide the President with permanent authority to designate as refugees specifically-defined groups based on shared characteristics identifying them as targets for persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a par-ticular social group, or political opinion’’. 
(16) The United States Government has 
limited tools to hold accountable the per-petrators of religious freedom violations. Section 604 of IRFA added section 212(a)(2)(G) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(G)), which made foreign government officials who commit particularly severe violations of religious freedom inadmissible to the United States, but it has only been applied once, to deny entry to Narendra Modi, who was Chief Min-ister of Gujarat, India. In its 2015 Annual Re-port, USCIRF recommends that the State Department: ‘‘Make greater efforts to ensure foreign government officials are denied entry into the United States due to their inadmis-sibility under U.S. law for their responsi-bility for religious freedom violations abroad.’’ The effectiveness of this law is also limited because it does not apply to non- state actors, such as international terrorists, and it can only be used to deny entry to a perpetrator who has not yet arrived in the United States, not to deport a perpetrator who has already entered the country. 
(17) In the 2015 USCIRF Annual Report, 
USCIRF recommended that the United States Government ‘‘should call for or sup-port a referral by the UN Security Council to the International Criminal Court to inves-tigate ISIL violations in Iraq and Syria against religious and ethnic minorities, fol-lowing the models used in Sudan and Libya, or encourage the Iraqi government to accept ICC jurisdiction to investigate ISIL viola-tions in Iraq after June 2014’’. Given the weakness of the international criminal jus-tice system, particularly that an ICC referral is subject to a UN Security Council veto, the United States Government should have the ability to prosecute members of ISIL in United States courts for crimes against hu-manity, including religious persecution. 
(18) Under United States law, it is a crime 
for a non-United States national to commit genocide, torture, terrorism, or several other violations of the law of nations, but it is not a crime under United States law to commit crimes against humanity, including religious 
persecution. Since the United States Govern-ment is unable to prosecute perpetrators of these crimes, many foreign war criminals have found safe haven in this country. 
(19) In 2006, the United States Government 
learned that Marko Boskic, a man who par-ticipated in the Srebrenica massacre in the Bosnian conflict, was living in Massachu-setts. Rather than charging him with crimes against humanity, or religious persecution, Mr. Boskic was charged with visa fraud and sentenced to only 5 years in prison. 
(20) There is bipartisan agreement about 
the need for the United States Government to promote and protect international human rights, including religious freedom. USCIRF is, by design, a bipartisan organization, with Commissioners appointed by the President and Congressional leaders. USCIRF can most effectively promote religious freedom on a bipartisan basis. 
(21) In its 2014 Annual Report entitled ‘‘Ad-
ditional Opportunities to Reduce Frag-mentation, Overlap, and Duplication and Achieve Other Financial Benefits’’, which identifies unnecessary duplication in the Federal government, the Government Ac-countability Office (referred to in this sec-
tion as ‘‘GAO’’)— 
(A) highlighted the lack of coordination 
and overlapping missions of USCIRF and the Office of International Religious Freedom in the Department of State; 
(B) found that ‘‘the lack of a definition re-
garding how State and the Commission are to interact has sometimes created foreign policy tensions that State has had to miti-gate.’’; and 
(C) concluded that the lack of coordination 
between the USCIRF and the Department of State may undermine the efforts of the United States Government to promote inter-national religious freedom by sending mixed messages to foreign governments and human-rights activists who are fighting to defend religious freedom in their countries. 
(22) Congress, which is responsible for over-
seeing the work of USCIRF and ensuring that it is effectively pursuing its mission, should provide greater oversight of USCIRF’s practices, including addressing concerns regarding financial irregularities and the work environment for religious mi-norities. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the protection and promotion of inter-
national human rights, including religious freedom, should be an important priority for the United States Government; and 
(2) the United States Government should 
pursue new strategies for protecting and pro-moting religious freedom throughout the world, including— 
(A) the creation of new tools— (i) to deter and punish the perpetrators of 
particularly severe violations of religious freedom, including non-state actors; and 
(ii) to protect the victims of such viola-
tions; and 
(B) increased diplomatic engagement that 
does not focus primarily on CPC designa-tions. 
SEC. 3. ENHANCED PROTECTIONS FOR REFU-
GEES AND ASYLEES FLEEING RELI-GIOUS PERSECUTION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN  
GROUPS OF REFUGEES FOR CONSIDERATION .— 
Section 207(c)(1) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157(c)(1)) is amend-ed— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘Subject to 
the numerical limitations’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) The Secretary of State, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, may designate specifically defined groups of aliens— 
‘‘(I) whose resettlement in the United 
States is justified by humanitarian concerns or is otherwise in the national interest; and 
‘‘(II) who— ‘‘(aa) share common characteristics that 
identify them as targets of persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, mem-bership in a particular social group, or polit-ical opinion; or 
‘‘(bb) having been identified as targets 
under item (aa), share a common need for re-settlement due to a specific vulnerability. 
‘‘(ii) An alien who establishes membership 
in a group designated under clause (i) to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Homeland Security shall be considered a refugee for purposes of admission as a refugee under this section unless the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity determines that such alien ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion. 
‘‘(iii) A designation under clause (i) is for 
purposes of adjudicatory efficiency and may be revoked by the Secretary of State at any time after notification to Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.045 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5535 July 23, 2015 
‘‘(iv) Categories of aliens established under 
section 599D(b) of the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–167; 8 U.S.C. 1157 note)— 
‘‘(I) shall be designated under clause (i) 
until the end of the first fiscal year com-mencing after the date of the enactment of the FIRST Freedom Act; and 
‘‘(II) shall be eligible for designation there-
after at the discretion of the Secretary of State, considering, among other factors, whether a country under consideration has been designated as a country of particular concern under section 402 of International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6442) for engaging in or tolerating systematic, on-going, and egregious violations of religious freedom. 
‘‘(v) A designation under clause (i) shall 
not influence decisions to grant, to any alien, asylum under section 208, protection under section 241(b)(3), or protection under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York December 10, 1984. 
‘‘(vi) A decision to deny admission under 
this section to an alien who establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Home-land Security that the alien is a member of a group designated under clause (i) shall— 
‘‘(I) be in writing; and ‘‘(II) state, to the maximum extent fea-
sible, the reason for the denial. 
‘‘(vii) Refugees admitted pursuant to a des-
ignation under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) shall be subject to the numerical limi-
tations under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(II) shall be admissible under this sec-
tion.’’. 
(b) T
IMELIMITS FOR FILING FOR ASYLUM .— 
Section 208(a)(2) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(a)(2)) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or 
the Secretary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ both places such term appears; 
(2) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (D); (3) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (B); 
(4) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’; and 
(5) by inserting after subparagraph (B), as 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(C) C
HANGED CIRCUMSTANCES .—Notwith-
standing subparagraph (B), an application for asylum of an alien may be considered if the alien demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, the existence of changed circumstances that materially affect the ap-plicant’s eligibility for asylum. 
‘‘(D) M
OTION TO REOPEN CERTAIN MERI -
TORIOUS CLAIMS .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (B) or section 240(c)(7), an alien may file a motion to reopen an asylum claim dur-ing the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the FIRST Freedom Act if the alien— 
‘‘(i) was denied asylum based solely upon a 
failure to meet the 1-year application filing deadline in effect on the date on which the application was filed; 
‘‘(ii) was granted withholding of removal 
pursuant to section 241(b)(3) and has not ob-tained lawful permanent residence in the United States pursuant to any other provi-sion of law; 
‘‘(iii) is not subject to the safe third coun-
try exception under subparagraph (A) or a bar to asylum under subsection (b)(2) and should not be denied asylum as a matter of discretion; and 
‘‘(iv) is physically present in the United 
States when the motion is filed.’’. (c) C
ONDITIONS FOR GRANTING ASYLUM .— 
Section 208(b)(1)(B)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘at least one central reason for persecuting the applicant’’ and in-serting ‘‘a factor in the applicant’s persecu-tion or fear of persecution’’. 
(d) S
TUDY ON THE EFFECT OF EXPEDITED RE-
MOVAL AND PROCESSING DELAYS ON ASYLUM  
CLAIMS .— 
(1) S TUDY .— 
(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— 
(i) the term ‘‘immigration officer’’ means 
an officer of the Department of Homeland Security performing duties under section 235(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)) with respect to aliens who— 
(I) are apprehended after entering the 
United States; and 
(II) may be eligible to apply for asylum 
under section 208 or 235 of such Act; and 
(ii) the term ‘‘improper conduct’’ means 
conduct whereby an immigration officer— 
(I) improperly encourages an alien de-
scribed in clause (i) to withdraw or retract claims for asylum; 
(II) incorrectly fails to refer such an alien 
for an interview by an immigration officer to determine whether the alien has a credible fear of persecution (as defined in section 235(b)(1)(B)(v) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(B)(v))); 
(III) incorrectly removes such an alien to a 
country in which the alien may be per-secuted; or 
(IV) detains such an alien improperly or 
under inappropriate conditions. 
(B) A
UTHORIZATION .—The United States 
Commission on International Religious Free-dom (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Com-mission’’) is authorized to conduct a study to determine— 
(i) whether immigration officers are engag-
ing in improper conduct; and 
(ii) the impact of delays in interviews by 
immigration officers and immigration court hearings on asylum claims. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date on which the Commission initiates the study under subsection (a), the Commis-sion shall submit a report containing the re-sults of the study to— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; 
(D) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; and 
(F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of 
the House of Representatives. 
(3) S
TAFF .— 
(A) F ROM OTHER AGENCIES .— 
(i) I DENTIFICATION .—The Commission may 
identify employees of the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Jus-tice, and the Government Accountability Of-fice who have significant expertise and knowledge of refugee and asylum issues. 
(ii) D
ESIGNATION .—At the request of the 
Commission, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, the Attorney General, and the Comp-troller General of the United States shall au-thorize staff identified under subparagraph (A) to assist the Commission in conducting the study under paragraph (1). 
(B) A
DDITIONAL STAFF .—The Commission 
may hire additional staff and consultants to conduct the study under paragraph (1). 
(C) A
CCESS TO PROCEEDINGS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and the Attorney General shall provide staff designated under subparagraph (A) or hired under subparagraph (B) with unre-
stricted access to all stages of all pro-ceedings conducted under section 235(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)). 
(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security and the Attorney General may not permit unrestricted access under clause (i) if— 
(I) the alien subject to a proceeding under 
such section 235(b) objects to such access; or 
(II) the Secretary or Attorney General de-
termines that the security of a particular proceeding would be threatened by such ac-cess. 
SEC. 4. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR SEVERE VIOLA-
TIONS OF INTERNATIONAL RELI-GIOUS FREEDOM. 
(a) P ARTICULARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF  
RELIGIOUS FREEDOM .— 
(1) I NADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2)(G) of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(G)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(G) A
LIENS WHO HAVE COMMITTED PARTICU -
LARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREE -
DOM.—Any alien who was responsible for, or 
directly carried out, at any time, particu-larly severe violations of religious freedom (as defined in section 3 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402)) is inadmissible.’’. 
(2) R
EMOVABILITY .—Section 237(a)(4)(E) of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(4)(E)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(E) A
LIENS WHO HAVE COMMITTED PARTICU -
LARLY SEVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREE -
DOM.—Any alien who was responsible for, or 
directly carried out, at any time, particu-larly severe violations of religious freedom (as defined in section 3 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402)) is deportable.’’. 
(b) R
ELIGIOUS PERSECUTION .—Chapter 118 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 2443. Religious persecution 
‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—Any person who outside the 
United States commits, or attempts or con-spires to commit, religious persecution— 
‘‘(1) shall be fined under this title, impris-
oned for not more than 20 years, or both; and 
‘‘(2) if the death of any person results from 
the violation of this subsection, shall be fined under this title and imprisoned for any term of years or for life. 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—There is jurisdiction 
over an offense under subsection (a), and any attempt or conspiracy to commit such an of-fense, if— 
‘‘(1) the victim is a United States person; ‘‘(2) the offender is a United States person 
or an alien residing in the United States, re-gardless of whether the alien is lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence; 
‘‘(3) the offender is a stateless person 
whose habitual residence is in the United States; or 
‘‘(4) after the conduct required for the of-
fense occurs, the offender is brought into or found in the United States, even if the con-duct required for the offense occurs outside the United States. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DMISSION TO THE UNITED STATES ; 
ALIEN ; IMMIGRANT ; LAWFULLY ADMITTED FOR  
PERMANENT RESIDENCE ; NONIMMIGRANT .—The 
terms ‘admission to the United States’, ‘alien’, ‘immigrant’, ‘lawfully admitted for permanent residence’, and ‘nonimmigrant’ have the meanings given such terms in sec-tion 101(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)). 
‘‘(2) R
ELIGIOUS PERSECUTION .—The term ‘re-
ligious persecution’ means conduct that— 
‘‘(A) is intended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.045 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5536 July 23, 2015 
‘‘(i) to obstruct any person in the free exer-
cise of religious belief or practice; or 
‘‘(ii) to terrorize or coerce any person be-
cause of the actual or perceived religion of any person; and 
‘‘(B) if the conduct described in subpara-
graph (A) occurred in the United States or in the special maritime and territorial jurisdic-tion of the United States, would violate— 
‘‘(i) section 81 (relating to arson); ‘‘(ii) section 1111 (relating to murder); ‘‘(iii) section 1201(a) (relating to kidnap-
ping), regardless of whether the offender is the parent of the victim; 
‘‘(iv) section 1203 (relating to hostage tak-
ing), notwithstanding any exception under subsection (b) of such section; 
‘‘(v) section 1581(a) (relating to peonage); ‘‘(vi) section 1583(a)(1) (relating to kidnap-
ping or carrying away individuals for invol-untary servitude or slavery); 
‘‘(vii) section 1584(a) (relating to sale into 
involuntary servitude); 
‘‘(viii) section 1589(a) (relating to forced 
labor); 
‘‘(ix) section 1590(a) (relating to trafficking 
with respect to peonage, slavery, involun-tary servitude, or forced labor); 
‘‘(x) section 1591(a) (relating to sex traf-
ficking of children or by force, fraud, or coer-cion); 
‘‘(xi) section 2241(a) (relating to aggravated 
sexual abuse by force or threat); 
‘‘(xii) section 2242 (relating to sexual 
abuse); or 
‘‘(xiii) section 2340A (relating to torture), 
regardless of whether the offender is acting under color of law. 
‘‘(3) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given such term in section 3077.’’. 
(c) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—Chapter 213 
of title 18, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 3302. Religious persecution 
‘‘No person may be prosecuted, tried, or 
punished for a violation of section 2443 un-less the indictment or the information is filed not later than 10 years after the com-mission of the offense.’’. 
(d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the table of sections for chapter 118, 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘2443. Religious persecution.’’. 
(2) in the table of sections for chapter 213, 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘3302. Religious persecution.’’. 
SEC. 5. REFORM AND REAUTHORIZATION OF 
UNITED STATES COMMISSION ON INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREE-DOM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT AND COMPOSITION .— 
(1) L EADERSHIP .—Section 201(d) of the 
International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6431(d)) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(d) E
LECTION OF CHAIR.—At the first meet-
ing of the Commission after May 30 of each year, a majority of the members of the Com-mission present and voting shall elect the Chair and Vice Chair of the Commission, subject to the following requirements: 
‘‘(1) I
NITIAL ELECTIONS .—At the first meet-
ing of the Commission after May 30, 2016, the members of the Commission shall elect— 
‘‘(A) as Chair, a member of the Commission 
who was appointed by an elected official of the political party that is not the political party of the President; and 
‘‘(B) as Vice Chair, a member of the Com-
mission who was appointed by an elected of-ficial of the political party of the President. 
‘‘(2) F
UTURE ELECTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) N EXT ELECTION .—At the first meeting 
of the Commission after May 30, 2017, the members of the Commission shall elect— ‘‘(i) as Chair, a member of the Commission 
who was appointed by an elected official of the political party of the President; and 
‘‘(ii) as Vice Chair, a member of the Com-
mission who was appointed by an elected of-ficial of the political party that is not the political party of the President. 
‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT ELECTIONS .—After the 
election described in subparagraph (A), the positions of Chair and Vice Chair shall con-tinue to rotate on an annual basis between members of the Commission appointed by elected officials of each political party. 
‘‘(3) T
ERM LIMITS .—No member of the Com-
mission is eligible to be elected as— 
‘‘(A) Chair of the Commission for a second 
term; or 
‘‘(B) Vice Chair of the Commission for a 
second term.’’. 
(2) A TTENDANCE AT MEETINGS OF AMBAS -
SADOR AT LARGE FOR INTERNATIONAL RELI -
GIOUS FREEDOM .—Section 201(f) of such Act 
(22 U.S.C. 6431(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Ambassador at Large shall be given advance notice of all Commission meetings and may attend all Commission meetings as a nonvoting mem-ber of the Commission.’’. 
(3) A
PPOINTMENTS IN CASES OF VACANCIES .— 
Section 201(g) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 6431(g)) is amended by striking the second sentence. 
(b) P
OWERS OF THE COMMISSION .—Section 
203(e) of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6432a(e)) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) V
IEWS OF THE COMMISSION .— 
‘‘(1) P RIVATE SPEECH .—Members of the 
Commission may speak in their capacity as private citizens. A member of the Commis-sion may be identified as a member of the Commission when making oral or written statements in their private or other profes-sional capacity if the member states clearly that the statement— 
‘‘(A) is not on behalf of the Commission; 
and 
‘‘(B) does not necessarily reflect the views 
of the Commission. 
‘‘(2) O
FFICIAL STATEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) W RITTEN STATEMENTS .—All state-
ments on behalf of the Commission shall be issued in writing over the names of the mem-bers of the Commission. 
‘‘(B) S
TATUTORY AUTHORITY .—In its written 
statements, the Commission shall clearly de-scribe its statutory authority, distinguishing that authority from that of appointed or elected officials of the United States Govern-ment. Oral statements of the Commission shall include a similar description, to the ex-tent practicable. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSENSUS .—Members of the Commis-
sion shall make every effort to reach con-sensus on all oral or written statements on behalf of the Commission. 
‘‘(D) A
PPROVAL .—All views of the Commis-
sion on pending legislation or any other mat-ter under the jurisdiction of the Commission shall be approved by an affirmative vote of at least 6 of the 9 members of the Commis-sion. Each member of the Commission may include the individual or dissenting views of the member. 
‘‘(E) A
CCURACY .—All oral or written state-
ments by members or staff of the Commis-sion on behalf of the Commission, including testimony, press releases, articles, and pub-lic or private correspondence, shall accu-rately reflect approved views of the Commis-sion in accordance with subparagraph (D).’’. 
(c) C
OMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS .—Sec-
tion 204 of the International Religious Free-dom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C.6432b) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘or terminate an Executive 
Director’’ and inserting ‘‘an Executive Direc-tor and additional personnel’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘The decision to terminate an Executive Di-rector and additional personnel shall be made by an affirmative vote of at least 5 of the 9 members of the Commission.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (b) 
through (g) as subsections (c) through (h); 
(3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
‘‘(1) A PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of the FIRST Freedom Act, the Commission shall appoint an Executive Director by an affirmative vote of at least 6 of the 9 members of the Commis-sion. 
‘‘(2) T
ERM OF SERVICE .—Each Executive Di-
rector— 
‘‘(A) may serve for a 4-year term; and ‘‘(B) may serve an additional, consecutive 
4-year term if reappointed by the Commis-sion by an affirmative vote of at least 6 of the 9 members of the Commission.’’. 
(4) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘and the Executive Director’’; 
(5) in subsection (g), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘the commission, for the executive director,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Commission, for the Executive Director,’’; and 
(6) in subsection (h), as redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘(including discrimination 
on the bases of race, color, religion, sex, na-tional origin, age, or disability)’’ after ‘‘em-ployment discrimination’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF DISCRIMINATION ON  
BASIS OF SEXUAL ORIENTATION OR GENDER  
IDENTITY .—In applying paragraph (1) to 
rights and protections that pertain to em-ployment discrimination on the basis of sex, and the remedies and procedures available to address alleged violations of such rights and protections, the laws, rules, and regulations that provide such rights and protections to employees whose pay is disbursed by the Sec-retary of the Senate or the Chief Adminis-trative Officer of the House of Representa-tives shall be deemed to recognize discrimi-nation on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity as forms of discrimination on the basis of sex and shall treat such dis-crimination in the same manner as discrimi-nation on the basis of sex.’’. 
(d) R
EPORT OF COMMISSION .—Section 205 of 
the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6433) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Not later 
than May 1 of each year,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year, between 30 and 90 days after the publication of the Department of State’s An-nual Report on International Religious Free-dom,’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (c) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(c) I
NDIVIDUAL OR DISSENTING VIEWS.— 
Members of the Commission shall make every effort to reach consensus on the report under this section. When such consensus is not possible, the report shall be approved by an affirmative vote of at least 6 of the 9 members of the Commission. Each member of the Commission may include the indi-vidual or dissenting views of the member in the report.’’. 
(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF THE FREEDOM OF IN-
FORMATION ACT.— 
(1) Section 206 of the International Reli-
gious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6434) is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(a) F
EDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT’’ before ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) F REEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—Not-
withstanding section 551 of title 5, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:16 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.045 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5537 July 23, 2015 
States Code, the Commission shall be consid-
ered to be an agency for purposes of section 552 of such title.’’. 
(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 207(a) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6435(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(g) T
ERMINATION .—Section 209 of the Inter-
national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6436) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 228—DESIG-
NATING SEPTEMBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL OVARIAN CANCER 
AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Ms. S
TABE -
NOW, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B URR, Mr. C OONS , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S CHUMER , and 
Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 228 
Whereas ovarian cancer is the deadliest of 
all gynecologic cancers; 
Whereas ovarian cancer is the fifth leading 
cause of cancer deaths among women in the United States; 
Whereas, in 2015, approximately 21,290 new 
cases of ovarian cancer will be diagnosed, and 14,180 women will die of ovarian cancer in the United States; 
Whereas the mortality rate for ovarian 
cancer has not significantly decreased since the ‘‘War on Cancer’’ was declared more than 40 years ago; 
Whereas 25 percent of women will die with-
in 1 year of diagnosis with ovarian cancer and over 50 percent will die within 5 years; 
Whereas while there is the mammogram to 
detect breast cancer and the Pap smear to detect cervical cancer, there is no reliable early detection test for ovarian cancer; 
Whereas the lack of an early detection test 
means that approximately 80 percent of cases of ovarian cancer are detected at an advanced stage; 
Whereas all women are at risk for ovarian 
cancer, and approximately 20 percent of women diagnosed with ovarian cancer have a hereditary predisposition to ovarian cancer, which places them at even higher risk; 
Whereas scientists and physicians have un-
covered changes in the BRCA genes that some women inherit from their parents, which may make them 30 times more likely to develop ovarian cancer; 
Whereas the family history of a woman has 
been found to play an important role in ac-curately assessing the risk of that woman of developing ovarian cancer and medical ex-perts believe that family history should be taken into consideration during the annual well woman visit of any woman; 
Whereas many experts in health preven-
tion now recommend genetic testing for young women with a family history of breast and ovarian cancer; 
Whereas women who know they are at high 
risk of breast and ovarian cancer may under-take prophylactic measures to help reduce the risk of developing these diseases; 
Whereas the Society of Gynecologic Oncol-
ogy now recommends that all women diag-nosed with ovarian cancer receive counseling and genetic testing; 
Whereas many people are unaware that the 
symptoms of ovarian cancer often include bloating, pelvic or abdominal pain, difficulty 
eating or feeling full quickly, urinary symp-toms, and several other symptoms that are easily confused with other diseases; 
Whereas awareness of the symptoms of 
ovarian cancer by women and health care providers can lead to a quicker diagnosis; 
Whereas, in June 2007, the first national 
consensus statement on ovarian cancer symptoms was developed to provide consist-ency in describing symptoms to make it easier for women to learn and remember the symptoms; and 
Whereas each year during the month of 
September, the Ovarian Cancer National Al-liance and partner members hold a number of events to increase public awareness of ovarian cancer: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates September 2015 as ‘‘National 
Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month’’; and 
(2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 229—DESIG-
NATING JULY 26, 2015, AS ‘‘UNITED STATES INTELLIGENCE PROFESSIONALS DAY’’ 
Mr. WARNER (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. B URR, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
KAINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. C OTTON , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 229 
Whereas on July 26, 1908, Attorney General 
Charles Bonaparte ordered newly-hired Fed-eral investigators to report to the Office of the Chief Examiner of the Department of Justice, which subsequently was renamed the Federal Bureau of Investigation; 
Whereas on July 26, 1947, President Tru-
man signed the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), creating the Depart-ment of Defense, the National Security Council, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, thereby laying the foundation for today’s intelligence com-munity; 
Whereas the National Security Act of 1947, 
which appears in title 50 of the United States Code, governs the definition, composition, responsibilities, authorities, and oversight of the intelligence community of the United States; 
Whereas the intelligence community is de-
fined by section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)) to include the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, the National Geospatial-In-telligence Agency, the National Reconnais-sance Office, other offices within the Depart-ment of Defense for the collection of special-ized national intelligence through reconnais-sance programs, the intelligence elements of the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Ma-rine Corps, the Coast Guard, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Department of En-ergy, the Bureau of Intelligence and Re-search of the Department of State, the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Depart-ment of the Treasury, the elements of the Department of Homeland Security concerned with the analysis of intelligence informa-tion, and other elements as may be des-ignated; 
Whereas July 26, 2015, is the 68th anniver-
sary of the signing of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); Whereas the Intelligence Reform and Ter-
rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 118 Stat. 3638) created the position of the Director of National Intelligence to serve as the head of the intelligence community and to ensure that national intelligence be timely, objective, independent of political considerations, and based upon all sources available; 
Whereas Congress has previously passed 
joint resolutions, signed by the President, to designate Peace Officers Memorial Day on May 15, Patriot Day on September 11, and other commemorative occasions, to honor the sacrifices of law enforcement officers and of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001; 
Whereas the United States has increas-
ingly relied upon the men and women of the intelligence community to protect and de-fend the security of the United States in the decade since the attacks of September 11, 2001; 
Whereas the men and women of the intel-
ligence community, both civilian and mili-tary, have been increasingly called upon to deploy to theaters of war in Iraq, Afghani-stan, and elsewhere since September 11, 2001; 
Whereas numerous intelligence officers of 
the elements of the intelligence community have been injured or killed in the line of duty; 
Whereas intelligence officers of the United 
States are routinely called upon to accept personal hardship and sacrifice in the fur-therance of their mission to protect the United States, to undertake dangerous as-signments in the defense of the interests of the United States, to collect reliable infor-mation within prescribed legal authorities upon which the leaders of the United States rely in life-and-death situations, and to ‘‘speak truth to power.’’ by providing their best assessments to decision makers, regard-less of political and policy considerations; 
Whereas the men and women of the intel-
ligence community have on numerous occa-sions succeeded in preventing attacks upon the United States and allies of the United States, saving numerous innocent lives; and 
Whereas intelligence officers of the United 
States must of necessity often remain un-known and unrecognized for their substan-tial achievements and successes: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates July 26, 2015, as ‘‘United 
States Intelligence Professionals Day’’; 
(2) acknowledges the courage, fidelity, sac-
rifice, and professionalism of the men and women of the intelligence community of the United States; and 
(3) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe this day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2284. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and 
Mr. K AINE) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2285. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. 
C
OCHRAN , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2286. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
N
ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.045 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5538 July 23, 2015 
amendment intended to be proposed by him 
to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2287. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
N
ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2288. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Mr. 
B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2289. Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 sub-mitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be 
proposed to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2290. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2291. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
N
ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2292. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2293. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2294. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2295. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2296. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2297. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2298. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, 
and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2299. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2300. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2301. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2302. Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , Mr. B URR, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. S ASSE, Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. P ERDUE ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2303. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Mr. C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended 
to be proposed to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2304. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2305. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 
22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2306. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2307. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2308. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2309. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2310. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and in-
tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2311. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2312. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2313. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2314. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2315. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, and Mr. 
MENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2316. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2317. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2318. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2319. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2320. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2321. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2322. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2323. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2324. Mr. PERDUE (for himself and Mr. 
S
COTT) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2325. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2326. Mr. SULLIVAN (for Mr. V
ITTER  
(for himself, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
COONS , and Mr. P ETERS )) proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 2499, to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to cap-ital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2284. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself 
and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to 
the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division F, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON SEQUESTRA-
TION. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the Nation’s fiscal challenges are a top 
priority for Congress, and sequestration, non-strategic, across-the-board budget cuts, remains an unreasonable and inadequate budgeting tool to address the Nation’s defi-cits and debt; 
(2) sequestration relief must be accom-
plished for fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(3) sequestration relief should include 
equal defense and non-defense relief; and 
(4) sequestration relief should be offset 
through targeted changes in mandatory and discretionary categories and revenues. 
SA 2285. Mr. WICKER (for himself, 
Mr. C OCHRAN , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DISBURSEMENT AUTHORITY FOR THE 
NATIONAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND INFORMATION ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1552 of title 31, United States Code, funds made available for the Broadband Tech-nology Opportunities Program (including funds that have expired, but have not been cancelled) under title II of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5) shall remain avail-able for expenditure through fiscal year 2020 for the purpose of liquidating valid obliga-tions of active grants under such program. 
(b) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘active grants’’ means grants for which the period of performance has expired but are not finally closed out. 
SA 2286. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S23JY5.REC S23JY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5539 July 23, 2015 
proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 582, between lines 13 and 14, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 34216. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF EARLY 
WARNING DATA. 
(a) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall pro-mulgate regulations establishing categories of information provided to the Secretary under section 30166(m) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 34217, which shall be made available to the public. The Secretary may establish categories of information that are exempt from public dis-closure under section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the rule-
making under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with— 
(1) the Director of the Office of Govern-
ment Information Services of the National Archives and Records Administration; and 
(2) the Director of the Office of Informa-
tion Policy of the Department of Justice. 
(c) P
RESUMPTION .—In promulgating regula-
tions under subsection (a), vehicle safety de-fect information related to incidents involv-ing death or injury shall presumptively not be eligible for protection under section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code. 
(d) N
ULLIFICATION OF PRIOR REGULATIONS .— 
Beginning 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the regulations estab-lishing early warning reporting class deter-minations in appendix C of part 512 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 34217. ADDITIONAL EARLY WARNING RE-
PORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 30166(m) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)(C)— (A) by striking ‘‘The manufacturer’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The manufacturer’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) F
ATAL INCIDENTS .—If an incident de-
scribed in clause (i) involves a fatality, the Secretary shall require the manufacturer to submit, as part of its incident report— 
‘‘(I) all initial claim or notice documents 
(as defined by the Secretary through regula-tion) except media reports, that notified the manufacturer of the incident; 
‘‘(II) any police reports or other documents 
that— 
‘‘(aa) describe or reconstruct the incident 
(as defined by the Secretary through regula-tion); 
‘‘(bb) relate to the initial claim or notice 
(except for documents that are protected by attorney-client privilege or work product privileges that are not already publicly available); and 
‘‘(cc) are in the physical possession or con-
trol of the manufacturer at the time the in-cident report is submitted; and 
‘‘(III) any police reports or other docu-
ments that describe or reconstruct the inci-dent that are obtained by the manufacturer after the submission of its incident report.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—The information pro-
vided to the Secretary under this sub-section— ‘‘(i) shall be disclosed publicly after the 
Secretary redacts or confirms the redaction of any information that is withholdable under sections 552 and 552a of title 5; and 
‘‘(ii) shall be entered into the early warn-
ing reporting database in a manner specified by the Secretary through regulation that is searchable by manufacturer name, vehicle or equipment make and model name, model year, and reported system or component.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .— 
Any requirement for the Secretary to pub-licly disclose information under this sub-section shall be construed in a manner that is consistent with the requirements under sections 552 and 552a of title 5.’’. 
SA 2287. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 450, strike line 13 and 
all that follows through page 453, line 16. 
SA 2288. Mr. MARKEY (for himself 
and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-
ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXXIV, 
add the following: 
PART IV—SPY CAR ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34441. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Security 
and Privacy in Your Car Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SPY Car Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34442. CYBERSECURITY STANDARDS FOR 
MOTOR VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 301 is amended— 
(1) in section 30102(a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (11) as paragraphs (10) through (17), respectively; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (3) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-spectively; 
(C) by inserting before paragraph (3), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) ‘Administrator’ means the Adminis-
trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration; 
‘‘(2) ‘Commission’ means the Federal Trade 
Commission; 
‘‘(3) ‘critical software systems’ means soft-
ware systems that can affect the driver’s control of the vehicle movement;’’; and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (6), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(7) ‘driving data’ include, but are not lim-
ited to, any electronic information collected about— 
‘‘(A) a vehicle’s status, including, but not 
limited to, its location or speed; and ‘‘(B) any owner, lessee, driver, or passenger 
of a vehicle; 
‘‘(8) ‘entry points’ include, but are not lim-
ited to, means by which— 
‘‘(A) driving data may be accessed, directly 
or indirectly; or 
‘‘(B) control signals may be sent or re-
ceived either wirelessly or through wired connections; 
‘‘(9) ‘hacking’ means the unauthorized ac-
cess to electronic controls or driving data, either wirelessly or through wired connec-tions;’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 30129. Cybersecurity standards 
‘‘(a) C
YBERSECURITY STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—All motor vehicles 
manufactured for sale in the United States on or after the date that is 2 years after the date on which final regulations are pre-scribed pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of the SPY Car Act of 2015 shall comply with the cyber-security standards set forth in paragraphs (2) through (4). 
‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION AGAINST HACKING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—All entry points to the 
electronic systems of each motor vehicle manufactured for sale in the United States shall be equipped with reasonable measures to protect against hacking attacks. 
‘‘(B) I
SOLATION MEASURES .—The measures 
referred to in subparagraph (A) shall incor-porate isolation measures to separate crit-ical software systems from noncritical soft-ware systems. 
‘‘(C) E
VALUATION .—The measures referred 
to in subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be eval-uated for security vulnerabilities following best security practices, including appro-priate applications of techniques such as penetration testing. 
‘‘(D) A
DJUSTMENT .—The measures referred 
to in subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be ad-justed and updated based on the results of the evaluation described in subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(3) S
ECURITY OF COLLECTED INFORMA -
TION.—All driving data collected by the elec-
tronic systems that are built into motor ve-hicles shall be reasonably secured to prevent unauthorized access— 
‘‘(A) while such data are stored onboard 
the vehicle; 
‘‘(B) while such data are in transit from 
the vehicle to another location; and 
‘‘(C) in any subsequent offboard storage or 
use. 
‘‘(4) D
ETECTION , REPORTING , AND RESPOND -
ING TO HACKING .—Any motor vehicle that 
presents an entry point shall be equipped with capabilities to immediately detect, re-port, and stop attempts to intercept driving data or control the vehicle. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates 
this section is liable to the United States Government for a civil penalty of not more than $5,000 for each violation in accordance with section 30165.’’. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, after con-sultation with the Federal Trade Commis-sion, shall issue a Notice of Proposed Rule-making to carry out section 30129 of title 49, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
(2) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 3 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, after consultation with the Commission, shall issue final regu-lations to carry out section 30129 of title 49, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
(3) U
PDATES .—Not later than 3 years after 
final regulations are issued pursuant to para-graph (2) and not less frequently than once 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.051 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5540 July 23, 2015 
every 3 years thereafter, the Administrator, 
after consultation with the Commission, shall— 
(A) review the regulations issued pursuant 
to paragraph (2); and 
(B) update such regulations, as necessary. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 301 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 30128 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘30128. Vehicle rollover prevention and crash 
mitigation. 
‘‘30129. Cybersecurity standards.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
30165(a)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘30129,’’ after ‘‘30127,’’. 
SEC. 34443. CYBER DASHBOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 32302 is amended 
by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c) C
YBER DASHBOARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—All motor vehicles man-
ufactured for sale in the United States on or after the date that is 2 years after the date on which final regulations are prescribed pursuant to section 3(b)(2) of the SPY Car Act of 2015 shall display a ‘cyber dashboard’, as a component of the label required to be af-fixed to each motor vehicle under section 32908(b). 
‘‘(2) F
EATURES .—The cyber dashboard re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall inform con-sumers, through an easy-to-understand, standardized graphic, about the extent to which the motor vehicle protects the cyber-security and privacy of motor vehicle own-ers, lessees, drivers, and passengers beyond the minimum requirements set forth in sec-tion 30129 of this title and in section 27 of the Federal Trade Commission Act.’’. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, after con-sultation with the Federal Trade Commis-sion, shall prescribe regulations for the cy-bersecurity and privacy information required to be displayed under section 32302(c) of title 49, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). 
(2) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 3 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator, after consultation with the Commission, shall issue final regu-lations to carry out section 32302 of title 49, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). 
(3) U
PDATES .—Not less frequently than 
once every 3 years, the Administrator, after consultation with the Commission, shall— 
(A) review the regulations issued pursuant 
to paragraph (2); and 
(B) update such regulations, as necessary. 
SEC. 34444. PRIVACY STANDARDS FOR MOTOR VE-
HICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Trade Com-
mission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) is amended 
by inserting after section 26 (15 U.S.C. 57c–2) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 27. PRIVACY STANDARDS FOR MOTOR VE-
HICLES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—All motor vehicles man-
ufactured for sale in the United States on or after the date that is 2 years after the date on which final regulations are prescribed pursuant to subsection (e) shall comply with the features required under subsections (b) through (d). 
‘‘(b) T
RANSPARENCY .—Each motor vehicle 
shall provide clear and conspicuous notice, in clear and plain language, to the owners or lessees of such vehicle of the collection, transmission, retention, and use of driving data collected from such motor vehicle. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSUMER CONTROL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3), owners or lessees of motor vehicles shall be given the option of terminating the 
collection and retention of driving data. 
‘‘(2) A CCESS TO NAVIGATION TOOLS .—If a 
motor vehicle owner or lessee decides to ter-minate the collection and retention of driv-ing data under paragraph (1), the owner or lessee shall not lose access to navigation tools or other features or capabilities, to the extent technically possible. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to driving data stored as part of the electronic data recorder system or other safety systems on-board the motor vehicle that are required for post-incident investiga-tions, emissions history checks, crash avoid-ance or mitigation, or other regulatory com-pliance programs. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON USE OF PERSONAL DRIV-
INGINFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A manufacturer (includ-
ing an original equipment manufacturer) may not use any information collected by a motor vehicle for advertising or marketing purposes without affirmative express consent by the owner or lessee. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUESTS .—Consent requests under 
paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall be clear and conspicuous; ‘‘(B) shall be made in clear and plain lan-
guage; and 
‘‘(C) may not be a condition for the use of 
any nonmarketing feature, capability, or functionality of the motor vehicle. 
‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT .—A violation of this 
section shall be treated as an unfair and de-ceptive act or practice in violation of a rule prescribed under section 18(a)(1)(B).’’. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Trade Commission, after con-sultation with the Administrator of the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, shall prescribe regulations, in accord-
ance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, to carry out section 27 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, as added by sub-section (a). 
(2) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 3 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission, after consultation with the Administrator, shall issue final reg-ulations, in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, to carry out sec-tion 27 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, as added by subsection (a). 
(3) U
PDATES .—Not less frequently than 
once every 3 years, the Commission, after consultation with the Administrator, shall— 
(A) review the regulations prescribed pur-
suant to paragraph (2); and 
(B) update such regulations, as necessary. 
SA 2289. Mr. WICKER (for himself 
and Mr. B OOKER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 33, line 25, strike ‘‘65 percent’’and 
‘‘64 percent’’. 
On page 34, line 2, strike ‘‘29 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘30 percent’’. 
On page 41, line 3, strike ‘‘55 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘67 percent’’. 
On page 41, line 8, strike ‘‘45 percent’’ and 
insert ‘‘33 percent’’. On page 41, strike lines 10 through 15 and 
insert the following: 
(B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) A CCESS TO FUNDS FOR AREAS OF UNDER  
200,000 POPULATION .—For purposes of clauses 
(ii) and (iii) of paragraph (1)(A), excluding funds a State has suballocated to metropoli-tan areas in the areas in described in those clauses, before obligating funding for an area with a population of less than 200,000, each State, in coordination with local interested parties, shall carry out an open and trans-parent competitive grant process to allow local governments, metropolitan planning organizations, regional transportation au-thorities, transit agencies, regional trans-portation planning organizations, and tribal governments to submit projects for funding that achieve the objectives established by the State and the relevant metropolitan planning organization for the performance- based planning process.’’; 
SA 2290. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . REDUCTION OF APPORTIONMENT 
FOR CERTAIN FEDERAL-AID HIGH-WAY PROGRAMS. 
Section 104 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(h) R
EDUCTION OF APPORTIONMENT FOR  
CERTAIN FEDERAL -AIDHIGHWAY PROGRAMS .— 
The amount apportioned to a State under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) shall be reduced by an amount equal to 5 percent of those funds— 
‘‘(1) effective beginning on October 1 of the 
first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, for each fiscal year in which the State issues a license plate that contains an image of a flag of the Con-federate States of America, including the Battle Flag of the Confederate States of America; and 
‘‘(2) effective beginning on October 1 of the 
second fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, for each fiscal year in which the State allows a license plate described in paragraph (1) and issued by the State before the first fiscal year re-ferred to in that paragraph to be displayed on a motor vehicle registered in the State.’’. 
SA 2291. Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Mr. N ELSON , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 34205 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.051 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5541 July 23, 2015 
SEC. 34205. RECALL GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) S TATE NOTIFICATION OF OPEN SAFETY  
RECALLS .— 
(1) G RANT PROGRAM .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a grant program for States to notify registered motor vehicle owners of safety recalls issued by the manufacturers of those motor vehi-cles. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this subsection, a State shall— 
(A) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary shall prescribe; 
(B) agree that when a motor vehicle owner 
registers the motor vehicle for use in that State, the State will— 
(i) search the recall database maintained 
by the National Highway Traffic Safety Ad-ministration using the motor vehicle identi-fication number; 
(ii) determine all safety recalls issued by 
the manufacturer of that motor vehicle that have not been completed; and 
(iii) notify the motor vehicle owner of the 
safety recalls described in clause (ii); and 
(C) provide such other information or noti-
fication as the Secretary may require. 
(b) R
ECALL COMPLETION PILOT GRANT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a pilot program to evaluate the feasi-bility and effectiveness of a State process for increasing the recall completion rate for motor vehicles by requiring each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle to have repaired any open recall on that motor vehicle. 
(2) G
RANTS .—To carry out the program 
under this subsection, the Secretary shall award a grant to a State to be used to imple-ment the pilot program described in para-graph (1) in accordance with the require-ments under paragraph (3). 
(3) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant 
under this subsection, a State shall— 
(A) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary shall prescribe; 
(B) meet the requirements and provide no-
tification of safety recalls to registered motor vehicle owners under the grant pro-gram described in subsection (a); 
(C) except as provided in paragraph (4), 
agree to require, as a condition of motor ve-hicle registration, including renewal, that the motor vehicle owner or lessee complete all remedies for defects and noncompliance offered without charge by the manufacturer or a dealer under section 30120 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(D) provide such other information or noti-
fication as the Secretary may require. 
(4) E
XCEPTION .—A State may exempt a 
motor vehicle owner or lessee from the re-quirement under paragraph (3)(C) if— 
(A) the recall occurred not earlier than 75 
days before the registration or renewal date; 
(B) the manufacturer, through a local deal-
ership, has not provided the motor vehicle owner or lessee with a reasonable oppor-tunity to complete any applicable safety re-call remedy due to a shortage of necessary parts or qualified labor; or 
(C) the motor vehicle owner or lessee 
states that the owner or lessee has had no reasonable opportunity to complete all ap-plicable safety recall remedies, in which case the State may grant a temporary registra-tion, of not more than 90 days, during which time the motor vehicle owner or lessee shall complete all applicable safety recall rem-edies for which the necessary parts and qualified labor are available. 
(5) A
WARD .—In selecting an applicant for a 
grant under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the State’s methodology for— 
(A) determining safety recalls on a motor 
vehicle; (B) informing the owner or lessee of a 
motor vehicle of the safety recalls; 
(C) requiring the owner or lessee of a 
motor vehicle to repair any safety recall prior to issuing any registration, approval, document, or certificate related to a motor vehicle registration renewal; and 
(D) determining performance in increasing 
the safety recall completion rate. 
(6) P
ERFORMANCE PERIOD .—A grant awarded 
under this subsection shall require a per-formance period of at least 2 years. 
(7) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the completion of the performance period under paragraph (6) and the obligations under the pilot program, the grantee shall submit a performance report to the Sec-retary that contains such information as the Secretary considers necessary to evaluate the extent to which safety recalls have been remedied. 
(8) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives the report under paragraph (7), the Secretary shall evaluate the extent to which safety recalls identified under paragraph (3) have been remedied. 
SA 2292. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in division F, in-
sert the following: 
SEC. lll . REQUIREMENTS FOR IANA STEWARD-
SHIP TRANSITION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Domain Openness Through Continued Oversight Matters Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘DOTCOM Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘As-
sistant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Communications and Information. 
(2) ICANN.—The term ‘‘ICANN’’ means the 
Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers. 
(3) J
OINT RESOLUTION .—The term ‘‘joint 
resolution’’ means a joint resolution— 
(A) that does not have a preamble; (B) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘Joint 
resolution approving the proposal relating to the transition of the stewardship of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority func-tions’’; and 
(C) the matter after the resolving clause of 
which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress approves the proposal relating to the transition of the stewardship of the Internet Assigned Num-bers Authority functions as described in the report of the Assistant Secretary of Com-merce for Communications and Information submitted to Congress on lllllll .’’, 
with the blank space being filled with the ap-propriate date. 
(4) L
EGISLATIVE DAY .—The term ‘‘legisla-
tive day’’ does not include Saturdays, Sun-days, legal public holidays, or days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress. 
(5) NTIA.—The term ‘‘NTIA’’ means the 
National Telecommunications and Informa-tion Administration. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR IANA S TEWARDSHIP  
TRANSITION .—Until the date that is 30 legis-
lative days after the submission to Congress of the report described in subsection (d), and 
unless a joint resolution is enacted on or be-fore that date, the Assistant Secretary may not permit the NTIA’s role in the perform-ance of the Internet Assigned Numbers Au-thority functions to terminate, lapse, be can-celled, or otherwise cease to be in effect. 
(d) R
EPORT DESCRIBED .—The report de-
scribed in this subsection is a report that contains— 
(1) the proposal relating to the transition 
of the NTIA’s stewardship of the Internet As-signed Numbers Authority functions that was developed in a process convened by ICANN at the request of the NTIA; and 
(2) a certification by the Assistant Sec-
retary that— 
(A) such proposal— (i) supports and enhances the multistake-
holder model of Internet governance; 
(ii) maintains the security, stability, and 
resiliency of the Internet domain name sys-tem; 
(iii) meets the needs and expectations of 
the global customers and partners of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority serv-ices; 
(iv) maintains the openness of the Inter-
net; and 
(v) does not replace the role of the NTIA 
with a government-led or intergovernmental organization solution; and 
(B) the required changes to ICANN’s by-
laws contained in the final report of ICANN’s Cross Community Working Group on En-hancing ICANN Accountability and the 
changes to ICANN’s bylaws required by ICANN’s IANA Stewardship Transition Co-ordination Group have been adopted. 
(e) R
EQUIREMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL AP-
PROVAL .— 
(1) E XPEDITED CONSIDERATION IN THE HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
(A) R EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Any committee of the 
House of Representatives to which a joint resolution is referred shall report it to the House of Representatives not later than 10 days after the date on which the joint resolu-tion is introduced. 
(ii) D
ISCHARGE .—If a committee of the 
House of Representatives fails to report a joint resolution within the period specified in clause (i), the committee shall be dis-charged from further consideration of the joint resolution, and the joint resolution shall be referred to the appropriate calendar. 
(B) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—After each committee au-
thorized to consider a joint resolution re-ports it to the House of Representatives or has been discharged from its consideration, it shall be in order, not later than the 11th day after the date on which the joint resolu-tion is introduced, to move to proceed to consider the joint resolution in the House of Representatives. 
(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—If a motion to proceed to 
a joint resolution is made— 
(I) all points of order against the motion 
are waived; 
(II) the motion shall not be in order after 
the House has disposed of a motion to pro-ceed on the joint resolution; 
(III) the previous question shall be consid-
ered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion; 
(IV) the motion shall not be debatable; and (V) a motion to reconsider the vote by 
which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. 
(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—If the House of Rep-
resentatives proceeds to a joint resolution— 
(i) the joint resolution shall be considered 
as read; 
(ii) all points of order against the joint res-
olution and against its consideration are waived; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.053 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5542 July 23, 2015 
(iii) the previous question shall be consid-
ered as ordered on the joint resolution to its passage without intervening motion, except 2 hours of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent; 
(iv) an amendment to the joint resolution 
shall not be in order; and 
(v) a motion to reconsider the vote on pas-
sage of the joint resolution shall not be in order. 
(2) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION IN THE SEN -
ATE.— 
(A) R EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Any committee of the 
Senate to which a joint resolution is referred shall report it to the Senate not later than 10 days after the date on which the joint resolu-tion is introduced. 
(ii) D
ISCHARGE .—If a committee of the Sen-
ate fails to report a joint resolution within the period specified in clause (i), the com-
mittee shall be discharged from further con-sideration of the joint resolution, and the joint resolution shall be placed on the cal-endar. 
(B) M
OTION TO PROCEED .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding rule 
XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order, not later than the 11th day after the date on which the joint resolution is in-troduced, to move to proceed to consider the joint resolution in the Senate (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to). 
(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—If a motion to proceed to 
a joint resolution is made— 
(I) all points of order against the motion 
(and against consideration of the joint reso-lution) are waived; 
(II) the motion is not debatable; (III) the motion is not subject to a motion 
to postpone; and 
(IV) a motion to reconsider the vote by 
which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. 
(iii) M
OTION AGREED TO .—If a motion to 
proceed to the consideration of a joint reso-lution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business until dis-posed of. 
(C) C
ONSIDERATION .—If the Senate proceeds 
to a joint resolution— 
(i) all points of order against the joint res-
olution are waived; 
(ii) consideration of the joint resolution, 
and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the majority and minority leaders or their designees; 
(iii) a motion further to limit debate is in 
order and not debatable; and 
(iv) an amendment to the joint resolution, 
a motion to postpone, a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a mo-tion to recommit the joint resolution are not in order. 
(D) V
OTE ON PASSAGE .—The vote on passage 
shall occur immediately following the con-clusion of the debate on a joint resolution, and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate. 
(E) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCEDURE .— 
Appeals from the decisions of the Chair re-lating to the application of the rules of the Senate to the procedure relating to a joint resolution shall be decided without debate. 
(3) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
(A) C OORDINATION WITH ACTION BY OTHER  
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House 
of a joint resolution of that House, that House receives from the other House a joint resolution— 
(i) the joint resolution of the other House 
shall not be referred to a committee; (ii) with respect to a joint resolution of the 
House receiving the resolution— 
(I) the procedure in that House shall be the 
same as if no joint resolution had been re-ceived from the other House; and 
(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
joint resolution of the other House. 
(B) T
REATMENT OF JOINT RESOLUTION OF  
OTHER HOUSE .—If one House fails to intro-
duce or consider a joint resolution under this subsection, the joint resolution of the other House shall be entitled to expedited floor procedures under this subsection. 
(C) T
REATMENT OF COMPANION MEASURES .— 
If, following passage of the joint resolution in the Senate, the Senate then receives the companion measure from the House of Rep-resentatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
(D) C
ONSIDERATION AFTER PASSAGE .—If the 
President vetoes a joint resolution, debate on a veto message in the Senate under this subsection shall be 1 hour equally divided be-tween the majority and minority leaders or their designees. 
(4) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This subsection is enacted by 
Congress— 
(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint resolution, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is incon-sistent with such rules; and 
(B) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
SA 2293. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
Subtitle D—American Infrastructure Bank 
SEC. 11301. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Build 
USA Act’’. 
SEC. 11302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) B
ANK.—The term ‘‘Bank’’ means the 
American Infrastructure Bank established under section 11311(a). 
(2) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the 
Board of Directors of the Bank. 
(3) C ORE INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT .—The 
term ‘‘core infrastructure project’’ means a Federal-aid highway or highway (as those terms are defined in section 101 of title 23, United States Code) project of a State that is eligible for funding under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
(4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
PART I—AMERICAN INFRASTRUCTURE 
BANK 
SEC. 11311. ESTABLISHMENT OF AMERICAN IN-
FRASTRUCTURE BANK. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established as a 
wholly owned Government corporation sub-ject to chapter 91 of title 31, United States 
Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Government Corporation Control Act’’) (except as other-wise provided in this part), a bank to be known as the ‘‘American Infrastructure Bank’’. 
(2) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall take such action as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary to assist in implementing the establishment of the Bank in accordance with this subtitle. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
9101(3) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subparagraph (N) the following: 
‘‘(O) the American Infrastructure Bank.’’. 
(b) B
OARD OF DIRECTORS .— 
(1) M EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Bank shall have a bi-
partisan Board of Directors consisting of— 
(i) 4 voting members, 1 of each who shall be 
appointed, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate— 
(I) by the Majority Leader of the Senate, in 
consultation with the Chairperson of the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; 
(II) by the Minority Leader of the Senate, 
in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; 
(III) by the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in consultation with the Chair-person of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
(IV) by the Minority Leader of the House 
of Representatives, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
(ii) 1 nonvoting member, who shall be the 
Secretary (or a designee). 
(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A Board member ap-
pointed under subparagraph (A)(i) shall have relevant expertise in the fields of public or private finance, infrastructure financing, or transportation infrastructure policy. 
(C) T
ERM.—A member of the Board shall be 
appointed for a term of 3 years. 
(D) D ATE OF INITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The 
initial appointments to the Board under sub-paragraph (A)(i) shall be made not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of 
this Act. 
(E) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Board— 
(i) shall not affect the powers of the Board; 
and 
(ii) shall be filled in the same manner as 
the original appointment was made. 
(F) M EETINGS .—The Board shall meet at 
the call of the chairperson. 
(G) Q UORUM .—A majority of the members 
of the Board shall constitute a quorum. 
(H) C HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
The Board shall select a chairperson and vice chairperson from among the members of the Board. 
(I) C
OMPENSATION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
Secretary shall determine compensation of members of the Board in a manner that is consistent with similar compensation for members of other boards in the Federal Gov-ernment. 
(ii) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEES AND OFFICIALS .—A 
member of the Commission who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve without compensation in addition to the compensation received for the services of the member as an officer or employee of the Federal Government. 
(J) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—For the first 3 years begin-
ning on the date of the enactment of this Act, not more than 
1⁄2of 1 percent of the 
funds made available under section 11322 shall be used for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.053 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5543 July 23, 2015 
(I) compensation for members of the Board 
under subparagraph (I); 
(II) compensation for employees of the 
Board; 
(III) administrative expenses; and (IV) any other expenses incurred by the 
Bank. 
(ii) 3 
YEARS AFTER THE DATE OF ENACT -
MENT .—For any year beginning after the 
date that is 3 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, funds from interest re-ceived by the Bank shall be used to provide funds for the expenses described in clause (i). 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Board shall— 
(A) not later than 18 months after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, commence op-eration of the Bank, including by estab-lishing all operational and administrative parameters of the Bank; and 
(B) monitor and exercise oversight of core 
infrastructure projects as necessary to achieve the purposes of the Bank. 
(3) P
OWERS .—The Board shall have the au-
thority— 
(A) in accordance with such terms as the 
Board determines to be appropriate, to make senior and subordinated loans, purchase sen-ior and subordinated debt securities, and enter into a binding commitment to make any such loan or purchase any such security, the proceeds of which are used to assist in the financing or refinancing of the develop-ment of 1 or more core infrastructure projects; 
(B) to issue and sell debt securities of the 
Bank on such terms as the Board determines to be appropriate; 
(C) to issue public benefit bonds and pro-
vide financing to core infrastructure projects from amounts made available from the issuance of those bonds; 
(D) to make loan guarantees; (E) to enter into agreements or contracts 
with any individual or entity in support of the business of the Bank; 
(F) to purchase in the open market any 
outstanding obligation of the Bank at any time and at any price; 
(G) to acquire, lease, pledge, exchange, and 
dispose of real and personal property and otherwise exercise all the usual incidents of ownership of property to the extent the exer-cise of those powers are appropriate to, and 
consistent with, the purposes of the Bank; 
(H) to sue and be sued in a corporate capac-
ity in any court of competent jurisdiction, except that no attachment, injunction, or similar process, may be issued against the property of the Bank or against the Bank with respect to that property; 
(I) to indemnify the members of the Board 
for liabilities arising out of the actions of the Board, in accordance with, and subject to the limitations contained in, this subtitle; and 
(J) to exercise all other lawful powers that 
are necessary or appropriate to carry out, and are consistent with, the purposes of the Bank. 
(4) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(A) I SSUANCE OF DEBT SECURITY .—The 
Board may not issue any debt security with-out the consent of the Secretary. 
(B) I
SSUANCE OF VOTING SECURITY .—The 
Board may not issue any voting security in the Bank. 
(c) A
UDITS ; REPORTS .— 
(1) A CCOUNTING .—The book of accounts of 
the Bank shall be— 
(A) maintained in accordance with gen-
erally accepted accounting principles; and 
(B) subject to an annual audit by an inde-
pendent public accountant that is— 
(i) appointed by the Board; and (ii) of nationally recognized standing. (2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after 
the last day of each fiscal year during which the Bank is in operation, the Board shall submit to the President and the appropriate 
committees of Congress a report that de-scribes, with respect to the preceding fiscal year— 
(A) the operations of the Bank; (B) a schedule of the obligations and out-
standing capital securities of the Bank, to-gether with a statement of the amounts issued and redeemed or paid during that fis-cal year; and 
(C) the status of core infrastructure 
projects receiving funding or other assist-ance pursuant to this subtitle, including dis-closure of all entities with a development, ownership, or operational interest in those core infrastructure projects. 
(3) B
OOKS AND RECORDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Bank shall maintain 
adequate books and records to support the fi-nancial transactions of the Bank, including a description, to be maintained on a publically accessible database, of— 
(i) each financial transaction of the Bank 
and each core infrastructure project that re-ceives funding from the Bank; and 
(ii) the amount of funding for each core in-
frastructure project. 
(B) A
UDITS .—The books and records of the 
Bank shall be— 
(i) maintained in accordance with rec-
ommended accounting practices; and 
(ii) open to inspection by the Comptroller 
General of the United States. 
SEC. 11312. STATE REMITTANCE AGREEMENTS 
WITH BANK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A State may enter into 
an agreement of not less than 3 years with the Bank, under which— 
(1) the State agrees to remit not less than 
60 percent of the total amount of funds re-ceived by the State in each year of the 3-year period from the Federal Government for Fed-eral-aid highway activities under sections 119(d) and 133(b) of title 23, United States Code; 
(2) the Board will issue to the State funds 
from the Bank received under section 11322 in an amount equal to 90 percent of the amount the State remitted to the Bank under paragraph (1); and 
(3) the State will use the funds received 
from the Bank under paragraph (2) to carry out core infrastructure projects in accord-ance with subsection (b). 
(b) S
TATE DETERMINATION OF COMPLI -
ANCE .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, in carrying out a project under sub-section (a)(3), a State shall— 
(1) have the authority to determine wheth-
er the State is in compliance with all Fed-eral requirements of— 
(A) environmental approvals relating to 
the project; 
(B) environmental permits relating to the 
project; 
(C) section 313 of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(D) the development and construction of 
the project, including— 
(i) preliminary design; (ii) right-of-way acquisition; (iii) construction engineering; and (iv) final acceptance of the project; (E) preapproval for preventative mainte-
nance projects and procedures; 
(F) project agreements and modifications 
to project agreements; and 
(G) consultant procurement services relat-
ing to the project; 
(2) assume responsibility of and oversight 
duties over compliance with the require-ments described in paragraph (1); and 
(3) to the maximum extent practicable, at-
tempt to carry out the project in compliance with all Federal requirements. 
(c) U
SE OF STATE -REMITTED FUNDS .—The 
Bank shall use an amount equal to 10 per-cent of the funds remitted to the Bank by States under subsection (a)(1) to carry out 
section 11313. 
SEC. 11313. LOANS TO STATES AND UNITS OF 
LOCAL GOVERNMENT FOR TRANS-PORTATION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bank may grant a 
loan to a State or a unit of local government to carry out a core infrastructure project in compliance with all applicable Federal laws 
and requirements. 
(b) S
UBMISSION OF APPLICATIONS .—In order 
to be eligible to receive a loan under sub-section (a), a State or unit of local govern-ment shall submit to the Board an applica-tion at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Board may reasonably require. 
(c) I
NTEREST RATES FOR LOANS .—The Board 
shall— 
(1) set the interest rate for a loan provided 
under subsection (a); and 
(2) ensure that the interest rate remains at 
a level that is more favorable than that of similar infrastructure loans available on the private market. 
PART II—CAPITALIZATION OF BANK 
SEC. 11321. ALLOWANCE OF TEMPORARY DIVI-
DENDS RECEIVED DEDUCTION FOR DIVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM A CON-TROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATION. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF TEMPORARY DIVI-
DENDS RECEIVED DEDUCTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 
965 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) E
LECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The taxpayer may elect 
to apply this section to the 3-taxable year period beginning with— 
‘‘(A) the taxpayer’s last taxable year which 
begins before the date of the enactment of the Build USA Act, or 
‘‘(B) the taxpayer’s first taxable year 
which begins during the 1-year period begin-ning on such date of enactment. 
‘‘(2) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—Any elec-
tion made under this section shall be made on or before the due date (including exten-sions) for filing the return of tax for the first taxable year in the 3-taxable year period de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) D
ECLARATION OF AMOUNT REPATRI -
ATED .—An election under this section shall 
designate a limitation of the aggregate amount of dividends to be taken into ac-count under subsection (a) during the 3-tax-able year period.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) E XTRAORDINARY DIVIDENDS .—Section 
965(b)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2014’’, and 
(B) D
ETERMINATIONS RELATING TO RELATED  
PARTY INDEBTEDNESS .—Section 965(b)(3)(B) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 3, 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2014’’. 
(C) D
ETERMINATIONS RELATING TO BASE PE -
RIOD.—Section 965(c)(2) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2003’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2014’’. 
(b) A
MOUNT OF DEDUCTION .—Paragraph (1) 
of section 965(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘85 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘81.4 percent’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11322. APPROPRIATIONS TO BANK. 
(a) E STIMATION OF REVENUES FROM REPA-
TRIATION .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s designee) shall estimate the increase in the amount of revenues to be received in the Treasury after the date of the enactment of this Act and before October 1, 2019, attrib-utable to the amendments made by this part. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.052 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5544 July 23, 2015 
(b) A PPROPRIATION .—Out of any money in 
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated to the Bank an amount equal to the amount described in subsection (a), to remain available until ex-pended. 
SA 2294. Ms. AYOTTE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . STRENGTHENING AMERICA’S 
BRIDGES FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in the 
Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘Strengthening America’s Bridges Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of such amounts as may be appropriated to the Fund under para-graph (2). 
(2) T
RANSFERS TO FUND .—There is appro-
priated to the Fund an amount equivalent to the increase in revenue received in the Treasury due to the amendments made by subsection (b), as determined by the Sec-retary of the Treasury (or a designee). 
(3) E
XPENDITURES FROM FUND .—Amounts in 
the Fund shall be made available by the Sec-retary of Transportation for the purpose of making grants, in accordance with the re-quirements of this subsection, to States for the repair or maintenance of any bridges classified as deficient in the National Bridge Inventory, as authorized under section 144(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
(4) S
ELECTION PROCESS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall se-
lect the recipients of grants awarded under this subsection in accordance with the cri-teria published under subparagraph (B) and described in paragraph (5). 
(B) P
UBLICATION OF CRITERIA .—The Sec-
retary shall publish selection criteria for any grants awarded under this subsection not earlier than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(C) T
IMELINE FOR SUBMISSION .—Applica-
tions for grants under this section shall be submitted not earlier than 120 days after the date on which the criteria are published under subparagraph (B). 
(D) D
EADLINE FOR SELECTION .—The Sec-
retary shall select and announce all projects selected under this paragraph not earlier than 60 days after the last date of the sub-mission period described in subparagraph (C). 
(5) C
RITERIA .—In making grants under this 
subsection, the Secretary shall ensure that— 
(A) the distribution of funds is geographi-
cally equitable, including an appropriate bal-ance in addressing the needs of urban and 
rural areas; 
(B) not more than 25 percent of the funds 
made available under this section are award-ed to projects in a single State; 
(C) not less than 20 percent of the funds 
provided under this section shall be for projects located in rural areas; 
(D) for projects located in rural areas, the 
Secretary may increase the Federal share of costs to more than 80 percent; and 
(E) priority is given to projects that re-
quire a contribution of Federal funds in order to complete an overall financing pack-age. (6) R
ETENTION OF FUNDS .—To fund the pro-
vision and oversight of grants under this subsection, the Secretary may— 
(A) retain not more than 10 percent of the 
funds made available to the Secretary under paragraph (3); and 
(B) transfer any portion of those funds to 
the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration. 
(7) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (5)(D), the Federal share of the costs for which an expenditure is made under this subsection shall be, at the option of the recipient, not more than 80 percent. 
(b) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED TO  
CLAIM REFUNDABLE PORTION OF CHILD TAX 
CREDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 
24 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) I
DENTIFICATION REQUIREMENT WITHRE-
SPECT TO QUALIFYING CHILDREN .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
no credit shall be allowed under this section to a taxpayer with respect to any qualifying child unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such qualifying child on the return of tax for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) R
EFUNDABLE PORTION .—Subsection 
(d)(1) shall not apply to any taxpayer with respect to any qualifying child unless the taxpayer includes the name and social secu-rity number of such qualifying child on the return of tax for the taxable year.’’. 
(2) O
MISSION TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL OR  
CLERICAL ERROR .—Subparagraph (I) of sec-
tion 6213(g)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) an omission of a correct TIN under 
section 24(e)(1) (relating to child tax credit) or a correct Social Security number required under section 24(e)(2) (relating to refundable portion of child tax credit), to be included on a return,’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2295. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
TITLE ll—TERMINATION OF EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. ll01. ABOLISHMENT OF EXPORT-IMPORT 
BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective on the abolish-
ment date: 
(1) A BOLISHMENT .—The Export-Import 
Bank of the United States (in this title re-ferred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) is abolished. 
(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNCTIONS .—All functions 
that, on the day before the abolishment date are authorized to be performed by the Bank, the Board of Directors of the Bank, any offi-cer or employee of the Bank acting in that capacity, or any agency or office of the Bank, are transferred to the Secretary of the Treasury (in this title referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’). 
(3) T
RANSFER OF ASSETS AND OBLIGATIONS .— 
Except as otherwise provided in this title, the obligations, assets, personnel, property, 
records, and unexpended balances of appro-priations, allocations, and other funds em-ployed, used, held, available, or to be made available in connection with a function transferred under paragraph (2) are trans-ferred to the Secretary. 
(b) A
BOLISHMENT DATE DEFINED .—In this 
title, the term ‘‘abolishment date’’ means the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. ll02. RESOLUTION AND TERMINATION OF 
BANK FUNCTIONS. 
(a) R ESOLUTION OF FUNCTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall— 
(1) complete the disposition and resolution 
of functions of the Bank in accordance with this title; and 
(2) resolve all functions that are trans-
ferred to the Secretary under section ll01. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF FUNCTIONS .—All func-
tions that are transferred to the Secretary under section ll01 shall terminate on the 
date all obligations of the Bank, and all obli-gations of others to the Bank, in effect on the day before the abolishment date have been sold under section ll03 or otherwise 
satisfied, as determined by the Secretary. 
(c) R
EPORT TO THE CONGRESS .—When the 
Secretary makes the determination de-scribed in subsection (b), the Secretary shall report the determination to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. ll03. AUCTION OF BANK ASSETS AND OBLI-
GATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the assets and obligations of the Bank are transferred to the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall conduct an auction to sell such assets and obligations to non- Federal entities. 
(b) R
EMAINING ASSETS AND OBLIGATIONS .— 
The Secretary shall service any assets and obligations not sold pursuant to subsection (a) until such assets and obligations reach maturity. 
(c) D
EPOSIT IN GENERAL FUND.—The pro-
ceeds of the auction required by subsection (a) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury and used for the purpose of def-icit reduction. 
SEC. ll04. AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITY OF 
THE SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY. 
The Secretary shall— 
(1) be responsible for the implementation 
of this title; and 
(2) have the authority to carry out any 
tasks necessary to provide for the transfer of any assets or obligations under section ll01 
or the auction required by section ll03. 
SEC. ll05. PERSONNEL. 
Effective on the abolishment date, there 
are transferred to the Department of the Treasury all individuals, other than mem-bers of the Board of Directors of the Bank, who— 
(1) immediately before the abolishment 
date, were officers or employees of the Bank; and 
(2) in their capacity as such an officer or 
employee, performed functions that are transferred to the Secretary under section ll01. 
SEC. ll06. TRANSFER OF INSPECTOR GENERAL 
DUTIES. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF THE OFFICE OF INSPEC -
TORGENERAL FOR THE EXPORT -IMPORT BANK 
OF THE UNITED STATES .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Office of In-spector General for the Bank shall terminate on the abolishment date, and the assets and obligations of the Office shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General for the Department of the Treasury or otherwise disposed of. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.052 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5545 July 23, 2015 
(b) A UTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR  
TRANSFER OR DISPOSAL .—The Secretary shall 
have the authority and responsibility for transfer or disposal under subsection (a). 
(c) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—The provisions of 
this section shall not affect the performance of any pending audit, investigation, inspec-tion, or report by the Office of the Inspector General for the Bank as of the abolishment date, with respect to functions transferred by this section. Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to prohibit the discontinu-ance or modification of any performance under the same terms and conditions and to the same extent that such performance could have been discontinued or modified if this section had not been enacted. 
SEC. ll07. EXERCISE OF AUTHORITIES. 
Except as otherwise provided by law, the 
Secretary may, for purposes of performing a function transferred by this title, exercise all authorities under any other provision of law that were available with respect to the performance of that function to the Bank on the day before the effective date of the trans-fer of the function under this title. 
SEC. ll08. AVAILABILITY OF EXISTING FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Existing appropriations 
and funds available for the performance of functions, programs, and activities termi-nated pursuant to this title shall remain available, for the duration of their period of availability, for necessary expenses in con-nection with the termination and resolution of such functions, programs, and activities. 
(b) D
EPOSIT IN GENERAL FUND.—Any appro-
priations or other funds described in sub-section (a) not used for necessary expenses in connection with the termination and resolu-tion of functions, programs, and activities under this title shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury and used for the purpose of deficit reduction. 
SEC. ll09. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS AND RE-
PEALS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PRIMARY AUTHORIZING STAT-
UTE.—The Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 
(12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is repealed. 
(b) E LIMINATION OF RELATED AUTHORIZING  
PROVISIONS .— 
(1) Section 103 of the International Devel-
opment and Finance Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–240; 12 U.S.C. 635 note) is repealed. 
(2) Section 303 of the Support for East Eu-
ropean Democracy (SEED) Act of 1989 (Pub-lic Law 101–179; 12 U.S.C. 635 note) is re-pealed. 
(3) Section 1908 of the Export-Import Bank 
Act Amendments of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 635a–1) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(a)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (4) Sections 1911 and 1912 of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act Amendments of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 635a–2 and 635a–3) are repealed. 
(5) Section 206 of the Bank Export Services 
Act (12 U.S.C. 635a–4) is repealed. 
(6) Sections 1 through 5 of Public Law 90– 
390 (12 U.S.C. 635j through 635n) are repealed. 
(7) Sections 641 through 647 of the Trade 
and Development Enhancement Act of 1983 (12 U.S.C. 635o note and 12 U.S.C. 536o through 635t) are repealed. 
(8) Section 534 of the Foreign Operations, 
Export Financing, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–167; 12 U.S.C. 635g note) is amended by striking sub-section (d). 
(9) Section 3302 of the Omnibus Trade and 
Competitiveness Act of 1988 (Public Law 100– 418; 12 U.S.C. 635i–3 note) is amended by striking subsection (a). 
(10) Section 1105(a) of title 31, United 
States Code, is amended by striking para-graph (34) and redesignating the succeeding paragraphs of such section as paragraphs (34) through (38), respectively. (11) Section 9101(3) of title 31, United 
States Code, is amended by striking subpara-graph (C). 
(c) E
LIMINATION OF RELATED COMPENSATION  
PROVISIONS .— 
(1) P OSITION AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the following item: 
‘‘President of the Export-Import Bank of 
Washington.’’. 
(2) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL IV .—Section 5315 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking the following item: 
‘‘First Vice President of the Export-Import 
Bank of Washington.’’; and 
(B) by striking the following item: 
‘‘Members, Board of Directors of the Ex-
port-Import Bank of Washington.’’. 
(d) E LIMINATION OF OFFICE OF INSPECTOR  
GENERAL FOR THE BANK.—Section 12 of the 
Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Presi-
dent of the Export-Import Bank;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Ex-
port-Import Bank,’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeals and 
amendments made by this section shall take effect on the abolishment date. 
(f) R
EPORT TO THE CONGRESS ON OTHER  
AMENDMENTS TO FEDERAL STATUTE .—The 
Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a written report that contains suggestions for such other amendments to Federal statutes as may be necessary or appropriate as a re-sult of this title. 
SEC. ll10. REFERENCES. 
Any reference in any other Federal law, 
Executive order, rule, regulation, or delega-tion of authority, or any document of or per-taining to Bank shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Secretary. 
SA 2296. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V of division A, add the 
following: 
SEC. 15 lll . LIMITATION ON WITHHOLDING OF 
APPORTIONMENTS FOR NON-COMPLIANCE WITH AIR QUALITY STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 159 the following: 
‘‘§ 160. Noncompliance with air quality stand-
ards 
‘‘The Secretary may withhold amounts re-
quired to be apportioned under section 104(b) or any other provision of this title or title 49 for Federal-aid highway projects for a fiscal year from a State that contains an area that has not attained an applicable national pri-mary or secondary ambient air quality standard under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) (including regulations promul-gated pursuant to that Act) only if— 
‘‘(1) the rule establishing the standard has 
been finalized and implemented before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act; or ‘‘(2) in a case in which the rule establishing 
the standard is finalized and implemented on or after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency includes in each regu-latory impact analysis regarding the pro-posed and final rule at least 1 analysis that does not include— 
‘‘(A) any other proposed rule; ‘‘(B) any other rule that, as of the date of 
the analysis— 
‘‘(i) has been finalized by the Adminis-
trator; but 
‘‘(ii) has not been implemented; and ‘‘(C) any calculation of benefits resulting 
from reducing emissions of any other cri-teria pollutant.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 159 the following: 
‘‘160. Noncompliance with air quality stand-
ards.’’. 
SA 2297. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-
ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF THE PATIENT PROTECTION 
AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT AND THE HEALTH CARE AND EDUCATION RECONCILIATION ACT OF 2010. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) P ATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE  
CARE ACT .—Effective on the date that is 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is repealed and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or revived as if such Act had not been enacted. 
(2) H
EALTH CARE AND EDUCATION RECONCILI -
ATION ACT OF 2010 .—Effective on the date that 
is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Health Care and Education Rec-onciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152) is repealed and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such Act are restored or re-vived as if such Act had not been enacted. 
(b) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF THISSECTION .— 
The budgetary effects of this section, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this section, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chair-man of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives, as long as such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage of this section. 
SA 2298. Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. 
RUBIO, and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.054 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5546 July 23, 2015 
was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-
lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. HEALTH INSURANCE COVERAGE FOR 
CERTAIN CONGRESSIONAL MEM-BERS AND MEMBERS OF THE EXECU-TIVE BRANCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
1312(d)(3)(D) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(d)(3)(D)), Members of Congress, the President, Vice President, and all other political appointees shall purchase health insurance coverage through a health exchange established under such Act and shall receive no Federal sub-sidy or contribution to the costs of such cov-erage that is not also otherwise available to individuals at a similar income level. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) M EMBER OF CONGRESS .—The term 
‘‘Member of Congress’’ shall have the mean-ing given such term in section 
1312(d)(3)(D)(ii)(I) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(d)(3)(D)(ii)(I)). 
(2) P
OLITICAL APPOINTEE .—The term ‘‘polit-
ical appointee’’ means any individual who— 
(A) is employed in a position described 
under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, United States Code, (relating to the Execu-tive Schedule); 
(B) is a limited term appointee, limited 
emergency appointee, or noncareer ap-pointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), re-spectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; 
(C) is employed in a position in the execu-
tive branch of the Government of a confiden-tial or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations; or 
(D) is employed in or under the Executive 
Office of the President in a position that is excluded from the competitive service by reason of its confidential, policy-deter-mining, policy-making, or policy-advocating character. 
SA 2299. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CONDITION ON RECEIPT OF FEDERAL 
FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no Federal funds shall be made avail-able to any entity unless the entity certifies that, during the period beginning on the date of receipt of such funds and ending on the date such funds are exhausted, the entity will not perform, and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs, an abortion unless in reasonable medical judg-ment, the abortion is necessary to save the life of a pregnant woman whose life is endan-gered by a physical disorder, physical illness, or physical injury, including a life-endan-gering physical condition caused by or aris-ing from the pregnancy itself, but not in-cluding psychological or emotional condi-tions. 
SA 2300. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON FEDERAL FUNDING 
OF CERTAIN ENTITIES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no Federal funds shall be made avail-able to any entity that— 
(1) is the target of an investigation by an 
agency of the Federal government; and 
(2) performs, or provides any funds to any 
other entity that performs, an abortion un-less in the reasonable medical judgment of the physician involved, the abortion is nec-essary to save the life of a pregnant woman whose life is endangered by a physical dis-order, physical illness, or physical injury, in-cluding a life-endangering condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, but not including psychological or emotional conditions. 
SA 2301. Mr. CRUZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON SANCTIONS RELIEF 
FOR IRAN. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the President may not waive, suspend, reduce, provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to Iran under any provision of law or refrain from applying any such sanc-tions pursuant to an agreement with Iran re-lating to Iran’s nuclear program until— 
(1) the Government of Iran has recognized 
Israel’s right to exist; and 
(2) the Government of Iran has released all 
American prisoners of conscience who are being unjustly held in Iranian jails, includ-ing Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian, and located and returned Robert Levinson. 
SA 2302. Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. B URR, Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. C OTTON , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. S ASSE, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , and Mr. P ERDUE ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPEAL OF COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LA-
BELING REQUIREMENTS FOR BEEF, PORK, AND CHICKEN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 281 of the Agri-
cultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (7); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), (4), 
(5), (6), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7), respectively; and 
(3) in paragraph (1)(A) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(A) by striking clause (i) and inserting the 
following new clause: 
‘‘(i) muscle cuts of lamb and venison;’’; (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the 
following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) ground lamb and ground venison;’’; (C) by striking clause (viii); and (D) by redesignating clauses (ix), (x), and 
(xi) as clauses (viii), (ix), and (x), respec-tively. 
(b) N
OTICE OF COUNTRY OF ORIGIN .—Section 
282 of the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1638a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
BEEF , 
LAMB , PORK , CHICKEN ,’’ and inserting 
‘‘LAMB ,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘beef, lamb, pork, chick-
en,’’ and inserting ‘‘lamb,’’ each place it ap-pears in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D); and 
(C) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘G
ROUND  
BEEF , PORK , LAMB , CHICKEN ,’’ and inserting 
‘‘GROUND LAMB ,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ground beef, ground pork, 
ground lamb, ground chicken,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘ground lamb,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C); 
and 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and 
(E) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively. 
SA 2303. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself 
and Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 11001(b)(1) (relating to research, 
technology, and education authorizations of appropriations)— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) (relating to the 
highway research and development pro-gram), reduce the amounts made available for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 by $15,000,000; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D) (relating to the in-
telligent transportation systems program), reduce the amounts made available for— 
(A) each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 by 
$5,000,000; and 
(B) fiscal year 2021 by $4,315,400. In subsection (b)(2) of section 11009 (relat-
ing to flexibility for certain rural road and bridge projects), strike ‘‘section 1316(b) of MAP–21’’ and insert ‘‘section 1316(a) of MAP– 21 (as amended by section 11304)’’. 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.054 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5547 July 23, 2015 
Subtitle D—Tribal Infrastructure and Roads 
Enhancement and Safety 
SEC. 11301. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Tribal 
Infrastructure and Roads Enhancement and Safety Act’’ or ‘‘TIRES Act’’. 
SEC. 11302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
NDIAN RESERVATION .—The term ‘‘Indian 
reservation’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘reservation’’ in section 3 of the Indian Fi-nancing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1452). 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 11303. APPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EX-
CLUSIONS TO CERTAIN TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITIES. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the date of 
enactment of this Act, a highway project, in-cluding projects administered by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, located on a road eligible for assistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code, is deemed to be an ac-tion categorically excluded from the require-ments relating to environmental assess-ments or environmental impact statements under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if the project— 
(A) qualifies for categorical exclusion 
under— 
(i) MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 
405) or an amendment made by that Act; or 
(ii) section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Fed-
eral Regulations (or successor regulations); or 
(B) would meet those requirements if the 
project sponsor were a State agency. 
(2) MAP–21 
CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO  
CERTAIN TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILI -
TIES.—Section 1317 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 
note; 126 Stat. 550) (as amended by section 11101 (relating to categorical exclusions for projects of limited Federal assistance)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS TO CERTAIN TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION  
FACILITIES .—With respect to a project de-
scribed in subsection (a) that is located on a road eligible for assistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code, for the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of the TIRES Act, and each fiscal year there-after, the amount referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) shall be adjusted to reflect changes for the 12-month period ending the preceding November 30 in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary may 
issue guidance or rules for the administra-tion of this section. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The categorical exclu-
sions described in subsection (a), and the amendments made by subsection (a), take ef-fect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) F
AILURE OF SECRETARY TO ACT .—The 
failure of the Secretary to promulgate any final regulations or guidance shall not affect the qualification for the categorical exclu-sions described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 11304. STREAMLINING FOR TRIBAL PUBLIC 
SAFETY PROJECTS WITHIN EXIST-ING OPERATIONAL RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
Section 1316 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 
126 Stat. 549) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF AN OPER-
ATIONAL RIGHT-OF-WAY.—In this section, the’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) O PERATIONAL RIGHT -OF-WAY.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I NCLUSION .—For purposes of subpara-
graph (A), if a real property interest on an Indian reservation has not been formally designated an operational right-of-way, an Indian tribe may determine the scope and boundaries of that real property interest as an operational right-of-way, subject to the approval of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) T
RIBAL PUBLIC SAFETY PROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘tribal public 
safety project’ means a project subject to this section that— 
‘‘(i) corrects or improves a hazardous road 
location or feature; or 
‘‘(ii) addresses a highway safety problem. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘tribal public 
safety project’ includes a project for 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(i) An intersection safety improvement. ‘‘(ii) Pavement and shoulder widening, in-
cluding addition of a passing lane to remedy an unsafe condition. 
‘‘(iii) Installation of a rumble strip or 
other warning device, if the rumble strip or other warning device does not adversely af-fect the safety or mobility of bicyclists, pe-destrians, or the disabled. 
‘‘(iv) Installation of a skid-resistant sur-
face at an intersection or other location with a high frequency of accidents. 
‘‘(v) An improvement for pedestrian or bi-
cyclist safety or safety of the disabled. 
‘‘(vi) Construction of any project for the 
elimination of hazards at a railway-highway crossing that is eligible for funding under section 130 of title 23, United States Code, in-cluding the separation or protection of grades at railway-highway crossings. 
‘‘(vii) Construction of a railway-highway 
crossing safety feature, including installa-tion of protective devices. 
‘‘(viii) The conduct of a model traffic en-
forcement activity at a railway-highway crossing. 
‘‘(ix) Construction of a traffic calming fea-
ture. 
‘‘(x) Elimination of a roadside obstacle. ‘‘(xi) Improvement of highway signage and 
pavement markings. 
‘‘(xii) Installation of a priority control sys-
tem for emergency vehicles at signalized intersections. 
‘‘(xiii) Installation of a traffic control or 
other warning device at a location with high accident potential. 
‘‘(xiv) Safety-conscious planning. ‘‘(xv) Improvements in the collection and 
analysis of crash data. 
‘‘(xvi) Planning integrated interoperable 
emergency communications equipment, 
operational activities, or traffic enforcement activities, including police assistance, relat-ing to workzone safety. 
‘‘(xvii) Installation of guardrails, barriers, 
including barriers between construction work zones and traffic lanes for the safety of motorists and workers, and crash attenu-ators. 
‘‘(xviii) The addition or retrofitting of 
structures or other measures to eliminate or reduce accidents involving vehicles and wild-life. 
‘‘(xix) Installation and maintenance of 
signs, including fluorescent, yellow-green signs, at pedestrian-bicycle crossings and in school zones. 
‘‘(xx) Construction and yellow-green signs 
at pedestrian-bicycle crossings and in school zones. 
‘‘(xxi) Construction and operational im-
provements on high-risk rural roads. 
‘‘(xxii) Any other project that the Sec-
retary determines qualifies.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (a) and (b) 
as subsections (b) and (a), respectively, and moving the subsections so as to appear in al-phabetical order; (3) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated), in 
the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘D ESIGNATION ’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P ROJECTS WITHIN EXISTING OPER-
ATIONAL RIGHTS -OF-WAY.— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICABILITY .—This subsection ap-
plies to a project within an existing oper-ational right-of-way on an Indian reserva-tion (as defined in section 3 of the Indian Fi-nancing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1452)) that is— 
‘‘(A) for a maintenance or preservation ac-
tivity, whether or not federally funded, with-in the existing operational right-of-way, in-cluding for roadside ditches; or 
‘‘(B) a project that— ‘‘(i) is a tribal public safety project or a 
project that the tribal department of trans-portation or the equivalent (or in the case of an Indian tribe without a tribal department of transportation or equivalent, an official representing the Indian tribe) certifies to the Secretary as providing a safety benefit to the public; and 
‘‘(ii) is an action that— ‘‘(I) is categorically excluded under section 
771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations); or 
‘‘(II) would be categorically excluded under 
section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), if the applicant were a State agency. 
‘‘(2) F
INAL ACTION .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), a Federal agency shall take final action on an application by an Indian tribe for a permit, approval, or jurisdictional determination for a project described in paragraph (1) not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the application. 
‘‘(3) E
XTENSIONS .—A Federal agency may 
extend the period to take final action on an application by an Indian tribe under para-graph (2) by an additional 30 days by pro-viding to the Secretary and the Indian tribe notice of the extension, including a state-ment of the need for the extension. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTIVE APPROVAL .—If a Federal 
agency does not take final action on an ap-plication by an Indian tribe under para-graphs (2) and (3)— 
‘‘(A) the permit or approval for the project 
described in paragraph (1) shall be considered approved; and 
‘‘(B) the Indian tribe shall notify the Sec-
retary of approval under this paragraph. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of the ‘TIRES Act’, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port that describes the operation of this sub-section, including any recommendations.’’. 
SEC. 11305. OPTION OF ASSUMING NEPA AP-
PROVAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Transportation, as applicable. 
(b) A
SSUMPTION OF FEDERAL RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—An Indian tribe participating in trib-
al self-governance or a contract or agree-ment under subsection (a)(2) or (b)(7) of sec-tion 202 of title 23, United States Code, and carrying out construction projects on the In-dian reservation over which the Indian tribe has jurisdiction, may elect to assume all Federal responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, and other applicable Federal law that would apply if the Sec-retary were to undertake a construction project if the Indian tribe— 
(1) designates an officer— (A) to represent the Indian tribe; and (B) to assume the status of a responsible 
Federal official under those laws; and 
(2) accepts the jurisdiction of the Federal 
court for the purpose of enforcement of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.056 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5548 July 23, 2015 
responsibilities of the responsible Federal of-
ficial under those laws. 
SEC. 11306. TRIBAL GOVERNMENT TRANSPOR-
TATION SAFETY DATA REPORT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) in many States, the Native American 
population is disproportionately represented in fatalities and crash statistics; 
(2) improved crash reporting by tribal law 
enforcement agencies would facilitate safety planning and would enable Indian tribes to apply more successfully for State and Fed-eral funds for safety improvements; 
(3) the causes of underreporting of crashes 
on Indian reservations include— 
(A) tribal law enforcement capacity, in-
cluding— 
(i) staffing shortages and turnover; and (ii) lack of equipment, software, and train-
ing; and 
(B) lack of standardization in crash report-
ing forms and protocols; and 
(4) without more accurate reporting of 
crashes on Indian reservations and rural roads located in or around Alaska Native vil-lages and within the boundaries of Regional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)), it is difficult or impos-sible to fully understand the nature of the problem and develop appropriate counter-measures, which may include effective trans-portation safety planning and programs aimed at— 
(A) DUI prevention; (B) pedestrian safety; (C) roadway safety improvements; (D) seat belt usage; and (E) proper use of child restraints. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, after consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Attorney General, and Indian tribes, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report describing the quality of transportation safety data col-
lected by States and counties for transpor-tation safety systems and the relevance of that data to improving the collection and sharing of data on crashes on or near— 
(A) Indian reservations; or (B) rural roads located in or around Alaska 
Native villages and within the boundaries of Regional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)). 
(2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the report 
described in paragraph (1) are— 
(A) to improve the collection and sharing 
of data on crashes on or near Indian reserva-tions; and 
(B) to develop data that Indian tribes can 
use to recover damages to tribal property caused by motorists. 
(3) P
APERLESS DATA REPORTING .—In pre-
paring the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide Indian tribes with options and best practices for transition to a paperless transportation safety data report-ing system that— 
(A) improves the collection of crash re-
ports; 
(B) stores, archives, queries, and shares 
crash records; and 
(C) uses data exclusively— (i) to address traffic safety issues on— (I) Indian reservations; and (II) rural roads located in or around Alaska 
Native villages and within the boundaries of Regional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)); and 
(ii) to identify and improve problem areas 
on— (I) public roads on Indian reservations; and 
(II) rural roads located in or around Alaska 
Native villages and within the boundaries of Regional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)). 
(4) A
DDITIONAL BUDGETARY RESOURCES .— 
The Secretary shall include in the report under paragraph (1) the identification of Federal transportation funds provided to In-dian tribes by agencies in addition to the De-partment of the Interior. 
SEC. 11307. BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS ROAD 
SAFETY STUDY. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, the Attorney General, and States, shall— 
(1) complete a study that identifies and 
evaluates options for improving safety on— 
(A) public roads on or near Indian reserva-
tions; and 
(B) rural roads located in or around Alaska 
Native villages and within the boundaries of Regional Corporations (within the meaning of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.)); and 
(2) submit to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing the results of the study. 
SEC. 11308. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1101(a)(3) of 
MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 414) is amended— 
(1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .— 
For the tribal transportation program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code (other than subsection (d) of that section), there are authorized to be appropriated— 
‘‘(i) $468,180,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $477,540,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $487,090,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $496,830,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $506,770,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $516,905,400 for fiscal year 2021.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITY  
BRIDGE PROGRAM .—For the tribal transpor-
tation facility bridge program under section 202(d) of title 23, United States Code, there are authorized to be appropriated— 
‘‘(i) $16,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $18,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $20,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $22,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $24,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $26,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’. (3) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITY  
BRIDGE PROGRAM .—Section 202(d) of title 23, 
United States Code (as amended by sections 11023(c)(2) (relating to asset management) and 11024(2) (relating to a tribal transpor-tation program amendment)), is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(2) T
RIBAL TRANSPORTATION FACILITY  
BRIDGE PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall use 
funds made available to carry out this sub-section— 
‘‘(A) to carry out any planning, design, en-
gineering, preconstruction, construction, and inspection of new or replacement tribal transportation facility bridges; 
‘‘(B) to replace, rehabilitate, seismically 
retrofit, paint, apply calcium magnesium ac-etate, sodium acetate/formate, or other envi-ronmentally acceptable, minimally corrosive anti-icing and deicing composition; or 
‘‘(C) to implement any countermeasure for 
deficient tribal transportation facility bridges, including multiple-pipe culverts.’’. In section 34101(6) (relating to authoriza-
tion of appropriations for administrative ex-penses), reduce the amounts made available for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 by $10,000,000. 
SA 2304. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL AMBIENT AIR QUALITY 
STANDARDS. 
Section 109(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 
U.S.C. 7409(d)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘(d)(1) 
Not later than December 31, 1980, and at five- year intervals’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND REVISION OF CRITERIA AND  
STANDARDS ; INDEPENDENT SCIENTIFIC REVIEW  
COMMITTEE ; APPOINTMENT ; ADVISORY FUNC-
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) R EVIEW AND REVISION OF CRITERIA AND  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (C), not later than December 31, 1980, and at 10-year intervals’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking 
‘‘The Administrator’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) E
ARLY AND FREQUENT REVIEW AND RE -
VISION .—Except with respect to any national 
ambient air quality standard promulgated under this section for ozone concentrations, the Administrator’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) N
ATIONAL AMBIENT AIR QUALITY STAND -
ARDS FOR OZONE CONCENTRATIONS .—Not ear-
lier than February 1, 2018, but not later than December 31, 2018, and at 10-year intervals thereafter, the Administrator shall, with re-spect to national ambient air quality stand-ards for ozone concentrations— 
‘‘(i) complete a thorough review of any 
standard promulgated under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) make revisions to the standards de-
scribed in clause (i) and promulgate new standards as may be appropriate in accord-ance with section 108 and subsection (b).’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘(B) Not later than Janu-
ary 1, 1980, and at five-year intervals’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) R
EVIEW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), not later than January 1, 1980, and at 10-year intervals’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL AMBIENT AIR QUALITY STAND -
ARDS FOR OZONE CONCENTRATIONS .—Not ear-
lier than February 1, 2018, and at 10-year in-tervals thereafter, the committee referred to in subparagraph (A) shall, with respect to national ambient air quality standards for ozone concentrations— 
‘‘(I) complete a review of any standard pro-
mulgated under this section; and 
‘‘(II) recommend to the Administrator any 
new standard and any revision to the stand-ards described in subclause (I) as may be ap-propriate under section 108 and subsection (b).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.056 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5549 July 23, 2015 
SA 2305. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. A LEXANDER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . AGREEMENT TO KEEP PUBLIC LAND 
OPEN DURING A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OVERED UNIT .—The term ‘‘covered 
unit’’ means— 
(A) public land; (B) units of the National Park System; (C) units of the National Wildlife Refuge 
System; or 
(D) units of the National Forest System. (2) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ 
has the meaning given the term ‘‘public lands’’ in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means— 
(A) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-
spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior; or 
(B) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-
spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of Agriculture. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF AGREEMENT .—Sub-
ject to subsection (c), if a State or political subdivision of the State offers, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the State or political subdivision of the State under which the United States may accept funds from the State or political subdivision of the State to reopen, in whole or in part, any cov-ered unit within the State or political sub-division of the State during any period in which there is a lapse in appropriations for the covered unit. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority under 
subsection (b) shall only be in effect during any period in which the Secretary is unable to operate and manage covered units at nor-mal levels, as determined in accordance with the terms of agreement entered into under subsection (b). 
(d) R
EFUND .—The Secretary shall refund to 
the State or political subdivision of the State all amounts provided to the United States under an agreement entered into under subsection (b)— 
(1) on the date of enactment of an Act 
retroactively appropriating amounts suffi-cient to maintain normal operating levels at the covered unit reopened under an agree-ment entered into under subsection (b); or 
(2) on the date on which the State or polit-
ical subdivision establishes, in accordance with the terms of the agreement, that, dur-ing the period in which the agreement was in effect, fees for entrance to, or use of, the cov-ered units were collected by the Secretary. 
(e) V
OLUNTARY REIMBURSEMENT .—If the re-
quirements for a refund under subsection (d) are not met, the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriations, reimburse the State and political subdivision of the State for any amounts provided to the United States by the State or political sub-division under an agreement entered into under subsection (b). 
SA 2306. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. UNUSED EARMARKS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Jurassic Pork Act’’. 
(b) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ under section 105 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘earmark’’ means— (A) a congressionally directed spending 
item, as defined in rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate; and 
(B) a congressional earmark, as defined in 
rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
(3) the term ‘‘unused DOT earmark’’ means 
an earmark of funds provided for the Depart-ment of Transportation as to which more than 90 percent of the dollar amount of the earmark of funds remains available for obli-gation at the end of the 9th fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year during which the ear-mark was made available. 
(c) R
ESCISSION OF UNUSED DOT E AR-
MARKS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), effective on October 1 of the 10th fiscal year after funds under an unused DOT earmark are made available, all unobli-gated amounts made available under the un-used DOT earmark are rescinded and shall be transferred to the Highway Trust Fund. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation may delay the rescission of amounts made available under an unused DOT ear-mark for 1 year if the Secretary determines that an additional obligation of amounts from the earmark is likely to occur during the 10th fiscal year after funds under the un-used DOT earmark are made available. 
(d) A
GENCY -WIDEIDENTIFICATION AND RE-
PORT .— 
(1) A GENCY IDENTIFICATION .—Each agency 
shall identify and submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget an an-nual report— 
(A) that identifies each earmark for a 
project of the agency that is ineligible for funding; and 
(B) that discusses each project of the agen-
cy for which— 
(i) amounts are made available under an 
earmark; and 
(ii) as of the end of a fiscal year, unobli-
gated balances remain available. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Director of the 
Office of Management and Budget shall sub-mit to Congress and publically post on the website of the Office of Management and Budget an annual report regarding earmarks (including any earmark that is ineligible for funding) that includes— 
(A) a listing and accounting for earmarks 
for which unobligated balances remain avail-able, summarized by agency, which shall in-clude, for each earmark— 
(i) the amount of funds made available 
under the original earmark; 
(ii) the amount of the unobligated balances 
that remain available; 
(iii) the fiscal year through which the 
funds are made available, if applicable; and 
(iv) recommendations and justifications 
for whether the earmark should be rescinded or retained in the next fiscal year; (B) the number of rescissions resulting 
from this section and the annual savings re-sulting from this section for the previous fis-cal year; and 
(C) a listing and accounting for earmarks 
provided for the Department of Transpor-tation scheduled to be rescinded under sub-section (c) at the end of the fiscal year dur-ing which the report is submitted. 
SA 2307. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. USE OF PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENTS 
IN CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) C IVILIAN CONTRACTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Division C of subtitle I of 
title 41, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 4713. Prohibition on awarding of construc-
tion contracts based on awardees entering into agreements with labor organizations 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The head of an executive 
agency may not in any solicitation, bid spec-ification, project agreement, or other con-trolling document— 
‘‘(1) require or prohibit bidders, offerors, 
contractors, or subcontractors to enter into or adhere to agreements with one or more labor organizations; or 
‘‘(2) discriminate against or give pref-
erence to bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors based on their entering or re-fusing to enter into such an agreement. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall prohibit a contractor or subcontractor from voluntarily entering into such an agreement, as is protected by the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 151 et seq.).’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for division C of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4712 the following new item: 
‘‘4713. Prohibition on awarding of construc-
tion contracts based on award-ees entering into agreements with labor organizations.’’. 
(b) D
EFENSE CONTRACTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2338. Prohibition on awarding of construc-
tion contracts based on awardees entering into agreements with labor organizations 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The head of an agency 
may not in any solicitation, bid specifica-tion, project agreement, or other controlling document— 
‘‘(1) require or prohibit bidders, offerors, 
contractors, or subcontractors to enter into or adhere to agreements with one or more labor organizations; or 
‘‘(2) discriminate against or give pref-
erence to bidders, offerors, contractors, or subcontractors based on their entering or re-fusing to enter into such an agreement. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall prohibit a contractor or subcontractor from voluntarily entering into such an agreement, as is protected by the National Labor Relations Act (29 U.S.C. 151 et seq.).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:34 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.055 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5550 July 23, 2015 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2337 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘2338. Prohibition on awarding of construc-
tion contracts based on award-ees entering into agreements with labor organizations.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The 
amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to construction contracts awarded before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2308. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 888, strike lines 7 through 20 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(i) reduction of long-term congestion, in-
cluding impacts on a national, regional, and statewide basis; 
‘‘(ii) an increase in the speed, reliability, 
and accessibility of the movement of people or freight; or 
‘‘(iii) improvement of transportation safe-
ty, including reducing transportation acci-dent and serious injuries and fatalities; 
‘‘(G) is justified based on the ability of the 
project to achieve generation of national economic benefits that reasonably exceed the costs of the project; and 
‘‘(H) is supported by a sufficient amount 
SA 2309. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Strike paragraph (1) of section 15002(b) (re-
lating to authorization of appropriations for the Appalachian regional development pro-gram)) and insert the following: 
(1) by striking paragraph (5) of subsection 
(a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(5) $90,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021.’’; 
SA 2310. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of division H, add the following: 
SEC. 800 lll . ADJUSTMENT OF AUTHORIZA-
TIONS TO MATCH FUNDING. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall determine the total amount of revenue gen-erated by this Act and the amendments made by this Act and adjust, on a fiscal year basis, each extension or authorization of au-thority provided under this Act or an amend-ment made by this Act so that the total amount of revenue generated offsets the total revenue obligated. 
SA 2311. Mr. FLAKE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . PROHIBITION ON EARMARKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appro-
priated under this Act or an amendment made by this Act may be used for an ear-mark. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘earmark’’ means— 
(1) a congressionally directed spending 
item, as defined in rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate; and 
(2) a congressional earmark, as defined in 
rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SA 2312. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and 
Mr. M CCAIN) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXTENSION OF COMPLIANCE DEAD-
LINE FOR CARBON DIOXIDE EMIS-SIONS RULE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF COMPLIANCE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, the term 
‘‘compliance date’’ means the date by which any State, local, or tribal government or other person is required to comply with any requirement in a final rule that succeeds— 
(A) the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Carbon Pol-
lution Emission Guidelines for Existing Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 34830 (June 18, 2014)); or 
(B) the supplemental proposed rule enti-
tled ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: EGUs in In-dian Country and U.S. Territories; Multi-Ju-risdictional Partnerships’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 65482 (November 4, 2014)). 
(2) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘‘compliance 
date’’ includes the date by which State plans are required to be submitted to the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency under any final rule described in paragraph (1). 
(b) E
XTENSIONS .—If any person files a peti-
tion for review to challenge a final rule de-scribed in subsection (a)(1), each compliance date shall be extended by the time period equal to the period of days that— 
(1) begins on the date that is 60 days after 
the date on which notice of promulgation of a final rule described in subsection (a)(1) ap-pears in the Federal Register; and 
(2) ends on the date that is 60 days after 
the date on which judgment becomes final, and no longer subject to further appeal or re-view, in all actions (including any action filed pursuant to section 307 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7607)) that— 
(A) are filed during the time period de-
scribed in paragraph (1); and 
(B) seek review of any aspect of the rule. 
SA 2313. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 52203, strike ‘‘$1,000,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$15,000,000,000’’. 
SA 2314. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 submitted by Mr. M
CCONNELL and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 11 ll. STRENGTHEN AND FORTIFY EXIST-
ING BRIDGES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B RIDGE .—The term ‘‘bridge’’ means a 
bridge on a public road, without regard to whether the bridge is on a Federal-aid high-way. 
(2) E
LIGIBLE BRIDGE .—The term ‘‘eligible 
bridge’’ means a bridge that is— 
(A) structurally deficient; (B) functionally obsolete; or (C) fracture critical. (3) F
EDERAL -AID HIGHWAY .—The term ‘‘Fed-
eral-aid highway’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
(4) F
RACTURE CRITICAL .—The term ‘‘frac-
ture critical’’ means, with respect to a bridge, a bridge with a steel member in ten-sion, or with a tension element, the failure of which would likely cause a portion of the bridge or the entire bridge to collapse. 
(5) F
UNCTIONALLY OBSOLETE .—The term 
‘‘functionally obsolete’’ means, with respect to a bridge, a bridge that, as determined by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.055 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5551 July 23, 2015 
the Secretary, no longer meets the most cur-
rent design standards for the traffic demands on the bridge. 
(6) P
UBLIC ROAD .—The term ‘‘public road’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
(7) R
EHABILITATION .—The term ‘‘rehabilita-
tion’’ means, with respect to a bridge, the carrying out of major work necessary, as de-termined by the Secretary— 
(A) to restore the structural integrity of 
the bridge; or 
(B) to correct a major safety defect of the 
bridge. 
(8) R
EPLACEMENT .—The term ‘‘replace-
ment’’ means, with respect to a bridge, the construction of a new facility that, as deter-mined by the Secretary, is in the same gen-eral traffic corridor as the replaced bridge. 
(9) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— 
(A) a State; and (B) the District of Columbia. (10) S
TRUCTURALLY DEFICIENT .—The term 
‘‘structurally deficient’’ means, with respect to a bridge, a bridge that, as determined by 
the Secretary— 
(A) has significant load-carrying elements 
that are in poor or worse condition due to deterioration, damage, or both; 
(B) has a load capacity that is significantly 
below truckloads using the bridge and that requires replacement; or 
(C) has a waterway opening causing fre-
quent flooding of the bridge deck and ap-proaches resulting in significant traffic interruptions. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a program to assist States to rehabilitate or replace eligible bridges. 
(c) A
PPORTIONMENT OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made available 
to carry out the program established under subsection (b) for a fiscal year shall be ap-portioned to each State according to the ratio that— 
(A) the total cost to rehabilitate or replace 
structurally deficient and functionally obso-lete bridges in that State; bears to 
(B) the total cost to rehabilitate or replace 
structurally deficient and functionally obso-lete bridges in all States. 
(2) C
ALCULATION OF TOTAL COST .— 
(A) C ATEGORIES OF BRIDGES .—The Sec-
retary shall place each structurally deficient or functionally obsolete bridge into 1 of the following categories: 
(i) Federal-aid highway bridges eligible for 
rehabilitation. 
(ii) Federal-aid highway bridges eligible for 
replacement. 
(iii) Bridges not on Federal-aid highways 
eligible for rehabilitation. 
(iv) Bridges not on Federal-aid highways 
eligible for replacement. 
(B) C
ALCULATION .—For purposes of the cal-
culation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall multiply the deck area of structurally deficient and functionally obsolete bridges in each category described in subparagraph (A) by the respective unit price on a State-by- State basis, as determined by the Secretary, to determine the total cost to rehabilitate or replace bridges in each State. 
(C) D
ATA USED IN MAKING DETERMINA -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall make deter-
minations under this subsection based on the latest available data, which shall be updated not less than annually. 
(D) U
SE OF EXISTING INVENTORIES .—To the 
extent practicable, the Secretary shall make determinations under this subsection using inventories prepared under section 144 of title 23, United States Code. 
(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds apportioned to a 
State under the program established under subsection (b) shall— (1) be used by that State for the rehabilita-
tion and replacement of eligible bridges; 
(2) except as otherwise specified in this 
section, be administered as if apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, except that the funds shall not be transferable; 
(3) be subject to the requirements de-
scribed in section 1101(b) of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 101 note; 126 Stat. 414) in the same manner as amounts made available for pro-grams under divisions A and B of that Act; and 
(4) not be subject to any limitation on obli-
gations for Federal-aid highways or highway safety construction programs set forth in any Act. 
(e) C
ONDITION AT PROJECT COMPLETION .—A 
bridge that is rehabilitated or replaced under the program established under subsection (b) may not be structurally deficient, function-ally obsolete, or fracture critical upon the completion of the rehabilitation or replace-ment. 
(f) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project carried out with funds apportioned to a State under the program es-tablished under subsection (b) shall be 100 percent. 
(g) R
EAPPORTIONMENT OF UNOBLIGATED  
FUNDS .—Any funds apportioned to a State 
under the program established under sub-section (b) and not obligated by that State at the end of the third fiscal year beginning after the fiscal year during which the funds were apportioned shall be withdrawn from that State and reapportioned by the Sec-retary to States that have not had funds withdrawn under this subsection in accord-ance with the formula specified in subsection (b). 
(h) N
ONSUBSTITUTION .—In carrying out the 
program established under subsection (b), the Secretary shall ensure that funding made available to a State under the program supplements, and does not supplant— 
(1) other Federal funding made available 
for the rehabilitation or replacement of eli-gible bridges; and 
(2) the planned obligations of that State 
with respect to eligible bridges. 
(i) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter if States obligated funds appor-tioned under the program established under subsection (b) during that year, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the 
Senate a report that describes the amounts obligated by each State for projects under the program. 
(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to carry out this sec-tion (other than subsection (k)) $2,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018. 
(k) O
FFSET .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 7701 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating subsection (p) as subsection (q) and by inserting after subsection (o) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(p) C
ERTAIN CORPORATIONS MANAGED AND  
CONTROLLED IN THE UNITED STATES TREATED  
ASDOMESTIC FOR INCOME TAX.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a)(4), in the case of a corporation de-scribed in paragraph (2) if— 
‘‘(A) the corporation would not otherwise 
be treated as a domestic corporation for pur-poses of this title, but 
‘‘(B) the management and control of the 
corporation occurs, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States, then, solely for purposes of chapter 1 (and any other provision of this title relating to chapter 1), the corporation shall be treated 
as a domestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) C
ORPORATION DESCRIBED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A corporation is de-
scribed in this paragraph if— 
‘‘(i) the stock of such corporation is regu-
larly traded on an established securities market, or 
‘‘(ii) the aggregate gross assets of such cor-
poration (or any predecessor thereof), includ-ing assets under management for investors, whether held directly or indirectly, at any time during the taxable year or any pre-ceding taxable year is $50,000,000 or more. 
‘‘(B) G
ENERAL EXCEPTION .—A corporation 
shall not be treated as described in this para-graph if— 
‘‘(i) such corporation was treated as a cor-
poration described in this paragraph in a pre-ceding taxable year, 
‘‘(ii) such corporation— ‘‘(I) is not regularly traded on an estab-
lished securities market, and 
‘‘(II) has, and is reasonably expected to 
continue to have, aggregate gross assets (in-cluding assets under management for inves-tors, whether held directly or indirectly) of less than $50,000,000, and 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary grants a waiver to such 
corporation under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(3) M
ANAGEMENT AND CONTROL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe regulations for purposes of deter-mining cases in which the management and control of a corporation is to be treated as occurring primarily within the United States. 
‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE OFFICERS AND SENIOR MAN -
AGEMENT .—Such regulations shall provide 
that— 
‘‘(i) the management and control of a cor-
poration shall be treated as occurring pri-marily within the United States if substan-tially all of the executive officers and senior management of the corporation who exercise day-to-day responsibility for making deci-sions involving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the corporation are located primarily within the United States, and 
‘‘(ii) individuals who are not executive offi-
cers and senior management of the corpora-tion (including individuals who are officers or employees of other corporations in the same chain of corporations as the corpora-tion) shall be treated as executive officers and senior management if such individuals exercise the day-to-day responsibilities of the corporation described in clause (i). 
‘‘(C) C
ORPORATIONS PRIMARILY HOLDING IN -
VESTMENT ASSETS .—Such regulations shall 
also provide that the management and con-trol of a corporation shall be treated as oc-curring primarily within the United States if— 
‘‘(i) the assets of such corporation (directly 
or indirectly) consist primarily of assets being managed on behalf of investors, and 
‘‘(ii) decisions about how to invest the as-
sets are made in the United States.’’. 
(2) R
EVENUES PLACED IN HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—Section 9503(b) of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) C
ERTAIN OTHER AMOUNTS .—There are 
hereby appropriated to the Highway Trust Fund amounts equivalent to the revenues re-ceived in the Treasury which are attrib-utable to the amendments made by section 11ll (k)(1) of the DRIVE Act.’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by paragraph (1) shall apply to taxable years beginning on or after the date which is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, whether or not regulations are issued under section 7701(p)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this sub-section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.059 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5552 July 23, 2015 
SA 2315. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, and 
Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 52301. 
SA 2316. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself 
and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. GRANTS TO STATES. 
Chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in section 31101— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), 
and (4) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respec-tively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) ‘covered farm vehicle’ means a motor 
vehicle (including an articulated motor vehi-cle)— 
‘‘(A) that— ‘‘(i) is registered or otherwise designated 
by the State for use in, or transportation ac-tivities related to, the operation of farms; 
‘‘(ii) is equipped with a special registration 
plate or other State-issued designation to allow for identification of the vehicle as a farm vehicle by law enforcement personnel; 
‘‘(iii) is traveling in the State of registra-
tion or designation or in another State; 
‘‘(iv) is operated by— ‘‘(I) a farm owner or operator; ‘‘(II) a ranch owner or operator; or ‘‘(III) an employee or family member of an 
individual specified in subclause (I) or (II); 
‘‘(v) is transporting to or from a farm or 
ranch— 
‘‘(I) agricultural commodities; ‘‘(II) livestock; ‘‘(III) agricultural supplies; or ‘‘(IV) machinery, including machinery 
being transported for the purpose of perform-ance of agricultural production activity or for the purpose of servicing or repairing the item being transported; 
‘‘(vi) is not used in the operations of a for- 
hire motor carrier; 
‘‘(vii) has a gross vehicle weight rating or 
gross vehicle weight, whichever is greater, that is— 
‘‘(I) 26,001 pounds or less; or ‘‘(II) greater than 26,001 pounds and is trav-
eling within the State of registration or des-ignation or within 150 air miles of the farm or ranch with respect to which the vehicle is being operated; and 
‘‘(viii) is not transporting materials that 
require a placard; or 
‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) meets the requirements under subpara-
graph (A) (other than clause (vi) of such sub-paragraph); 
‘‘(ii) is operated pursuant to a crop share 
farm lease agreement; 
‘‘(iii) is owned by a tenant with respect to 
that agreement; and 
‘‘(iv) is transporting the landlord’s portion 
of the crops under that agreement.’’; and 
(2) in section 31102— (A) in subsection (b)(2)(E), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting a semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); and 
(C) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION OF AUTHORITY ; S TATE  
STANDARDS FOR COVERED FARMVEHICLES AND  
DRIVERS .—The Secretary may not terminate, 
reduce, limit, or otherwise interfere with the amount or timing of grants that a State is otherwise eligible to receive under this title or title 23 as a result of any minimum stand-ard or exemption provided by the State for a covered farm vehicle or the driver of such ve-hicle that is less stringent than the require-ments for commercial motor vehicles and drivers established under title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, including requirements pertaining to— 
‘‘(1) controlled substances and alcohol use 
and testing; 
‘‘(2) commercial driver’s licensing; ‘‘(3) driver qualifications; ‘‘(4) medical certifications; ‘‘(5) driving and operating commercial ve-
hicles; 
‘‘(6) parts and accessories for the safe oper-
ation of commercial vehicles; 
‘‘(7) the maximum hours of service of driv-
ers; 
‘‘(8) vehicle inspection repair and mainte-
nance; 
‘‘(9) employee safety and health standards; 
and 
‘‘(10) recordkeeping related to compliance 
with such standards.’’. 
SA 2317. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-
empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 10 ll. EMERGENCY EXEMPTIONS. 
Any road, highway, railway, bridge, or 
transit facility that is damaged by an emer-gency that is declared by the Governor of the State and concurred in by the Secretary of Homeland Security or declared as an emer-gency by the President pursuant to the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) and that is in operation or under construc-tion on the date on which the emergency oc-curs— 
(1) may be reconstructed in the same loca-
tion with the same capacity, dimensions, and design as before the emergency; and 
(2) shall be exempt from any environ-
mental reviews, approvals, licensing, and permit requirements under— 
(A) the National Environmental Policy Act 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
(B) sections 402 and 404 of the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1342, 1344); (C) division A of subtitle III of title 54, 
United States Code; 
(D) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 
U.S.C. 703 et seq.); 
(E) the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 
U.S.C. 1271 et seq.); 
(F) the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act 
(16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.); 
(G) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 
U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), except when the recon-struction occurs in designated critical habi-tat for threatened and endangered species; 
(H) Executive Order 11990 (42 U.S.C. 4321 
note; relating to the protection of wetland); and 
(I) any Federal law (including regulations) 
requiring no net loss of wetland. 
SA 2318. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE llEXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF THE 
UNITED STATES 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Restoring 
Competition in Export Financing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. ll02. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. ll03. AGGREGATE LOAN, GUARANTEE, AND 
INSURANCE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6(a)(2) of the Ex-
port-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE AMOUNT .—In paragraph (1), 
the term ‘applicable amount’ means— 
‘‘(A) during fiscal year 2015, $120,000,000,000; ‘‘(B) during fiscal year 2016, $115,000,000,000; ‘‘(C) during fiscal year 2017, $103,500,000,000; ‘‘(D) during fiscal year 2018, $92,000,000,000; ‘‘(E) during fiscal year 2019, $80,500,000,000; ‘‘(F) during fiscal year 2020, $69,000,000,000; ‘‘(G) during fiscal year 2021, $57,500,000,000; ‘‘(H) during fiscal year 2022, $46,000,000,000; ‘‘(I) during fiscal year 2023, $34,500,000,000; ‘‘(J) during fiscal year 2024, $23,000,000,000; 
and 
‘‘(K) during fiscal year 2025, 
$11,500,000,000.’’. 
(b) M
EASURES TOENSURE COMPLIANCE .— 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)), as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (5); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY TO SELL SEASONED LOANS  
AND GUARANTEES TO COMPLY WITH LIMITA -
TION.—The Bank may sell seasoned loans and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.059 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5553 July 23, 2015 
guarantees to private investors to comply 
with the decreasing limitation on out-standing loans, guarantees, and insurance under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSEQUENCES OF EXCEEDING LIMITA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Bank exceeds the 
limitation on outstanding loans, guarantees, and insurance under this subsection in a fis-cal year, the Bank— 
‘‘(i) may not provide any new loans, guar-
antees, or insurance on or after the date on which the Bank exceeds that limitation; and 
‘‘(ii) the President of the Bank shall sub-
mit to Congress a report describing the rea-sons the Bank exceeded that limitation and the efforts of the Bank to come into compli-ance with the limitation. 
‘‘(B) T
ESTIMONY .—The Committee on Bank-
ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives may compel the President of the Bank to testify with re-spect to a report described in subparagraph (A)(ii).’’. 
SEC. ll04. REPORT ON WINDING DOWN OF OP-
ERATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT BY EXPORT -IMPORT BANK.—Not 
later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Export-Import Bank of the United States shall submit to Con-gress and the Comptroller General of the United States a plan on how the Bank plans— 
(1) to manage the orderly wind-down of the 
portfolio and operations of the Bank by June 30, 2025; and 
(2) to comply with the decreasing limita-
tion on the aggregate loan, guarantee, and insurance authority of the Bank under sec-tion 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section ll03. 
(b) R
EPORT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THEUNITED STATES .—After receiving the re-
port required by subsection (a), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress an assessment of the plan and such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate with respect to the plan and the orderly wind-down of the portfolio and operations of the Export-Import Bank of the United States. 
SEC. ll05. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The provisions of and amendments made 
by this title shall take effect on June 30, 2015. 
SA 2319. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division F, add the following: 
SEC. lll . SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COM-
MUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S ECURE PAYMENTS FOR STATES AND  
COUNTIES CONTAINING FEDERAL LAND.— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3(11) of the Se-
cure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7102) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each 
fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘year.’’ and inserting 
‘‘year; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2018, the amount that is equal to 150 percent of the full funding amount for fiscal year 2011.’’. 
(2) C
ALCULATION OF PAYMENTS .—Section 101 
of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(3) E
LECTIONS .—Section 102(b) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Au-
gust 1, 2013 (or as soon thereafter as the Sec-retary concerned determines is practicable), and August 1 of each second fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘August 1 of each fiscal year (or a later date specified by the Secretary concerned for the fiscal year)’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
AYMENT FOR FISCAL YEARS 2016  
THROUGH 2018 .—A county election otherwise 
required by subparagraph (A) shall not apply for fiscal years 2016 through 2018 if the coun-ty elects to receive a share of the State pay-ment or the county payment in 2013.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or any subsequent year’’ 
after ‘‘2013’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (4) E
LECTION AS TO USE OF BALANCE .—Sec-
tion 102(d)(1) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘not more than 7 percent of the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment’’ and inserting ‘‘any portion of the balance’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) C
OUNTIES WITH MAJOR DISTRIBUTIONS .— 
In the case of each eligible county to which $350,000 or more is distributed for any fiscal year pursuant to either or both of para-
graphs (1)(B) and (2)(B) of subsection (a), the eligible county shall elect to do 1 or more of the following with the balance of any funds not expended pursuant to subparagraph (A): 
‘‘(i) Reserve any portion of the balance for 
projects in accordance with title II. 
‘‘(ii) Reserve not more than 7 percent of 
the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment for projects in accordance with title III. 
‘‘(iii) Return to the Treasury of the United 
States the portion of the balance not re-served under clauses (i) and (ii).’’. 
(5) F
AILURE TO ELECT .—Section 
102(d)(3)(B)(ii) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘purpose described in section 202(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes described in section 202(b), section 203(c), or section 204(a)(5)’’. 
(6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF PAYMENTS TO ELIGIBLE  
COUNTIES .—Section 103(d)(2) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(b) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TOCON-
DUCT SPECIAL PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND.— 
(1) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Section 204(e) of the 
Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(2) A
VAILABILITY OF PROJECT FUNDS .—Sec-
tion 207(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7127(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-
graph (B)(i)’’. 
(3) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 
208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
(c) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TOUSE 
COUNTY FUNDS .— 
(1) F UNDING FOR SEARCH AND RESCUE .—Sec-
tion 302(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7142(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) to reimburse the participating county 
or sheriff for amounts paid for by the partici-pating county or sheriff, as applicable, for— 
‘‘(A) search and rescue and other emer-
gency services, including firefighting, that are performed on Federal land; and 
‘‘(B) emergency response vehicles or air-
craft but only in the amount attributable to the use of the vehicles or aircraft to provide the services described in subparagraph (A).’’. 
(2) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 
304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2020’’ and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
(d) N
OREDUCTION IN PAYMENT .—Title IV of 
the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 404. NO REDUCTION IN PAYMENTS. 
‘‘Payments under this Act for fiscal year 
2016 and each fiscal year thereafter shall be exempt from direct spending reductions under section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a).’’. 
SA 2320. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division F, add the following: 
SEC. 6 lllll . WILDFIRE DISASTER FUNDING. 
(a) D ISASTER FUNDING .—Section 251(b)(2)(D) 
of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end and inserting ‘‘plus’’; 
(B) in subclause (II), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; less’’; and 
(C) by adding the following: ‘‘(III) the additional new budget authority 
provided in an appropriation Act for wildfire suppression operations pursuant to subpara-graph (E) for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) Beginning in fiscal year 2018, and for 
each fiscal year thereafter, the calculation of the ‘average funding provided for disaster relief over the previous 10 years’ shall in-clude, for each year within that average, the additional new budget authority provided in an appropriation Act for wildfire suppression 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.058 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5554 July 23, 2015 
operations pursuant to subparagraph (E) for 
the preceding fiscal year.’’. 
(b) W ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION .—Section 
251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emer-gency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION .— 
‘‘(i) D EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: 
‘‘(I) A DDITIONAL NEW BUDGET AUTHORITY .— 
The term ‘additional new budget authority’ means the amount provided for a fiscal year in an appropriation Act that is— 
‘‘(aa) in excess of 100 percent of the average 
costs for wildfire suppression operations over the previous 10 years; and 
‘‘(bb) specified to pay for the costs of wild-
fire suppression operations. 
‘‘(II) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS .— 
The term ‘wildfire suppression operations’ means the emergency and unpredictable as-pects of wildland firefighting, including— 
‘‘(aa) support, response, and emergency 
stabilization activities; 
‘‘(bb) other emergency management activi-
ties; and 
‘‘(cc) the funds necessary to repay any 
transfers needed for the costs of wildfire sup-pression operations. 
‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL NEW BUDGET AUTHORITY .— 
If a bill or joint resolution making appro-priations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies an amount for wildfire suppression operations in the Wildland Fire Management accounts at the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for wildfire suppression operations for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $1,460,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $1,557,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $1,778,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $2,030,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020, $2,319,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $2,650,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority. 
‘‘(iii) A
VERAGE COST CALCULATION .—The av-
erage costs for wildfire suppression oper-ations over the previous 10 years shall be cal-culated annually and reported in the budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for each fiscal year.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) S UPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS .—If the 
Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture determines that supplemental appropriations are necessary for a fiscal year for wildfire suppression operations, a request for the supplemental appropriations shall promptly be submitted to Congress. 
(2) N
OTICE OF NEED FOR ADDITIONAL  
FUNDS .—Prior to the obligation of any of the 
additional new budget authority for wildfire suppression operations specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(E)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(E)(ii)), the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Ag-riculture, as applicable, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and the Budg-et of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations and the Budg-et of the Senate written notification that de-scribes— 
(A) that the amount for wildfire suppres-
sion operations to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(E) of that Act for that fiscal year will be exhausted imminently; and 
(B) the need for additional new budget au-
thority for wildfire suppression operations. (3) A
CCOUNTING , REPORTS AND ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .— 
(A) A CCOUNTING AND REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—For each fiscal year, the Secretary 
of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture shall account for and report on the amounts used from the additional new budg-et authority for wildfire suppression oper-ations provided to the Secretary of the Inte-rior or Secretary of Agriculture, as applica-ble, in an appropriations Act pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(E)(ii) of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(E)(ii)). 
(B) A
NNUAL REPORT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the end of the fiscal year for which ad-ditional new budget authority is used, pursu-ant to section 251(b)(2)(E)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(E)(ii)), the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Ag-riculture, as applicable, shall— 
(I) prepare an annual report with respect 
to the additional new budget authority; 
(II) submit to the Committees on Appro-
priations, the Budget, and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations, the Budget, and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the annual report prepared under subclause (I); and 
(III) make the report prepared under sub-
clause (I) available to the public. 
(ii) C
OMPONENTS .—The annual report pre-
pared under clause (i) shall— 
(I) document risk-based factors that influ-
enced management decisions with respect to wildfire suppression operations; 
(II) analyze a statistically significant sam-
ple of large fires, including an analysis for each fire of— 
(aa) cost drivers; (bb) the effectiveness of risk management 
techniques and whether fire operations strat-egy tracked the risk assessment; 
(cc) any resulting ecological or other bene-
fits to the landscape; 
(dd) the impact of investments in wildfire 
suppression operations preparedness; 
(ee) effectiveness of wildfire suppression 
operations, including an analysis of re-sources lost versus dollars invested; 
(ff) effectiveness of any fuel treatments on 
fire behavior and suppression expenditures; 
(gg) suggested corrective actions; and (hh) any other factors the Secretary of the 
Interior or Secretary of Agriculture deter-mines to be appropriate; 
(III) include an accounting of overall fire 
management and spending by the Depart-ment of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture, which shall be analyzed by fire size, cost, regional location, and other fac-tors; 
(IV) describe any lessons learned in the 
conduct of wildfire suppression operations; and 
(V) include any other elements that the 
Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture determines to be necessary. 
SA 2321. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which 
the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division F, add the following: SEC. 6 llll . WILDFIRE DISASTER FUNDING AU-
THORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 251(b)(2) of the 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(E) F
LAME WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION .— 
‘‘(i) If a bill or joint resolution making ap-
propriations for a fiscal year is enacted that 
specifies an amount for wildfire suppression operations in the Wildland Fire Management accounts at the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior, then the adjustments for that fiscal year shall be the amount of additional new budget authority provided in that Act for wildfire suppression operations for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— 
‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2016, $1,410,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2017, $1,460,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2018, $1,560,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2019, $1,780,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(V) for fiscal year 2020 $2,030,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority; 
‘‘(VI) for fiscal year 2021, $2,320,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(VII) for fiscal year 2022, $2,650,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(VIII) for fiscal year 2023, $2,690,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; 
‘‘(IX) for fiscal year 2024, $2,690,000,000 in 
additional new budget authority; and 
‘‘(X) for fiscal year 2025, $2,690,000,000 in ad-
ditional new budget authority. 
‘‘(ii) As used in this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) the term ‘additional new budget au-
thority’ means the amount provided for a fis-cal year, in excess of 70 percent of the aver-age costs for wildfire suppression operations over the previous 10 years, in an appropria-tion Act and specified to pay for the costs of wildfire suppression operations; and 
‘‘(II) the term ‘wildfire suppression oper-
ations’ means the emergency and unpredict-able aspects of wildland firefighting includ-ing support, response, and emergency sta-bilization activities; other emergency man-agement activities; and funds necessary to repay any transfers needed for these costs. 
‘‘(iii) The average costs for wildfire sup-
pression operations over the previous 10 years shall be calculated annually and re-ported in the President’s Budget submission under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for each fiscal year.’’. 
(b) D
ISASTER FUNDING .—Section 251(b)(2)(D) 
of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ and 
inserting ‘‘plus’’; 
(B) in subclause (II), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; less’’; and 
(C) by adding the following: ‘‘(III) the additional new budget authority 
provided in an appropriation Act for wildfire suppression operations pursuant to subpara-graph (E) for the preceding fiscal year.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) Beginning in fiscal year 2018 and in 
subsequent fiscal years, the calculation of the ‘average funding provided for disaster re-lief over the previous 10 years’ shall include the additional new budget authority pro-vided in an appropriation Act for wildfire suppression operations pursuant to subpara-graph (E) for the preceding fiscal year.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—If the Sec-
retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Ag-riculture determines that supplemental ap-propriations are necessary for a fiscal year for wildfire suppression operations, such Sec-retary shall promptly submit to Congress— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.061 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5555 July 23, 2015 
(1) a request for such supplemental appro-
priations; and 
(2) a plan detailing the manner in which 
such Secretary intends to obligate the sup-plemental appropriations by not later than 30 days after the date on which the amounts are made available. 
SA 2322. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees 
with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division F, add the following: 
SEC. lll . SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COM-
MUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S ECURE PAYMENTS FOR STATES AND  
COUNTIES CONTAINING FEDERAL LAND.— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—Section 3(11) of the Se-
cure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7102) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each 
fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘year.’’ and inserting 
‘‘year; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) for each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2021, the amount that is equal to 150 percent of the full funding amount for fiscal year 2011.’’. 
(2) C
ALCULATION OF PAYMENTS .—Section 101 
of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
(3) E
LECTIONS .—Section 102(b) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Au-
gust 1, 2013 (or as soon thereafter as the Sec-retary concerned determines is practicable), and August 1 of each second fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘August 1 of each fiscal year (or a later date specified by the Secretary concerned for the fiscal year)’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
AYMENT FOR FISCAL YEARS 2016  
THROUGH 2021 .—A county election otherwise 
required by subparagraph (A) shall not apply for fiscal years 2016 through 2021 if the coun-ty elects to receive a share of the State pay-ment or the county payment in 2013.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or any subsequent year’’ 
after ‘‘2013’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (4) E
LECTION AS TO USE OF BALANCE .—Sec-
tion 102(d)(1) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘not more than 7 percent of the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment’’ and inserting ‘‘any portion of the balance’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) C
OUNTIES WITH MAJOR DISTRIBUTIONS .— 
In the case of each eligible county to which $350,000 or more is distributed for any fiscal 
year pursuant to either or both of para-graphs (1)(B) and (2)(B) of subsection (a), the eligible county shall elect to do 1 or more of the following with the balance of any funds not expended pursuant to subparagraph (A): 
‘‘(i) Reserve any portion of the balance for 
projects in accordance with title II. 
‘‘(ii) Reserve not more than 7 percent of 
the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment for projects in accordance with title III. 
‘‘(iii) Return to the Treasury of the United 
States the portion of the balance not re-served under clauses (i) and (ii).’’. 
(5) F
AILURE TO ELECT .—Section 
102(d)(3)(B)(ii) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘purpose described in section 202(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes described in section 202(b), section 203(c), or section 204(a)(5)’’. 
(6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF PAYMENTS TO ELIGIBLE  
COUNTIES .—Section 103(d)(2) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
(b) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-
DUCT SPECIAL PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND.— 
(1) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Section 204(e) of the 
Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(2) A
VAILABILITY OF PROJECT FUNDS .—Sec-
tion 207(d)(2) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7127(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (B)(i)’’. 
(3) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 
208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2023’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
(c) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO USE 
COUNTY FUNDS .— 
(1) F UNDING FOR SEARCH AND RESCUE .—Sec-
tion 302(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7142(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) to reimburse the participating county 
or sheriff for amounts paid for by the partici-pating county or sheriff, as applicable, for— 
‘‘(A) search and rescue and other emer-
gency services, including firefighting, that are performed on Federal land; and 
‘‘(B) emergency response vehicles or air-
craft but only in the amount attributable to the use of the vehicles or aircraft to provide the services described in subparagraph (A).’’. 
(2) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 
304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2017’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2023’’ and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
(d) N
OREDUCTION IN PAYMENT .—Title IV of 
the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 404. NO REDUCTION IN PAYMENTS. 
‘‘Payments under this Act for fiscal year 
2016 and each fiscal year thereafter shall be exempt from direct spending reductions under section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a).’’. SA 2323. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place in division F, in-
sert the following: 
SEC. lllll . INDUSTRIAL HEMP FARMING. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Industrial Hemp Farming Act of 2015’’. 
(b) E
XCLUSION OF INDUSTRIAL HEMP FROM 
DEFINITION OF MARIHUANA .—Section 102 of 
the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (16)— (A) by striking ‘‘(16) The’’ and inserting 
‘‘(16)(A) The’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) The term ‘marihuana’ does not in-
clude industrial hemp.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(57) The term ‘industrial hemp’ means the 
plant Cannabis sativa L. and any part of such plant, whether growing or not, with a delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol concentration of not more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis.’’. 
(c) I
NDUSTRIAL HEMP DETERMINATION BY  
STATES .—Section 201 of the Controlled Sub-
stances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) I
NDUSTRIAL HEMPDETERMINATION .—If a 
person grows or processes Cannabis sativa L. for purposes of making industrial hemp in accordance with State law, the Cannabis sativa L. shall be deemed to meet the con-centration limitation under section 102(57), unless the Attorney General determines that the State law is not reasonably calculated to comply with section 102(57).’’. 
SA 2324. Mr. PERDUE (for himself 
and Mr. S COTT) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lllll . SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this Act, any authorization or appropriation for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021 shall have no force or effect. 
SA 2325. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.061 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5556 July 23, 2015 
Act; which was ordered to lie on the 
table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in subtitle A of 
title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11 ll. BRIDGES NOT ON NATIONAL HIGH-
WAY SYSTEM. 
Section 119(d)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(Q) Replacement (including replacement 
with fill material), rehabilitation, preserva-tion, and protection (including scour coun-termeasures, seismic retrofits, impact pro-tection measures, security countermeasures, and protection against extreme events) of bridges on Federal-aid highways (other than on the National Highway System).’’. 
SA 2326. Mr. SULLIVAN (for Mr. V IT-
TER (for himself, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. P ETERS )) 
proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2499, to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 4. BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM. 
(a) S ECTION 7(a) F UNDING LEVELS .—The 
third proviso under the heading ‘‘ BUSINESS  
LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT ’’ under the heading 
‘‘SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION ’’ under 
title V of division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2371) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘$18,750,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$23,500,000,000’’. 
(b) L
OAN LIMITATIONS .—Section 7(a)(1) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘No financial assistance’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No financial assistance’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) L
IQUIDITY .—On and after October 1, 
2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the lender de-termines that the borrower is unable to ob-tain credit elsewhere solely because the li-quidity of the lender depends upon the guar-anteed portion of the loan being sold on the secondary market.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) L
ENDING LIMITS OF LENDERS .—On and 
after October 1, 2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the sole purpose for requesting the guarantee is to allow the lender to exceed the legal lending limit of the lender.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTING .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the 
Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration; 
(B) the term ‘‘business loan’’ means a loan 
made or guaranteed under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)); 
(C) the term ‘‘cancellation’’ means that 
the Administrator approves a proposed busi-ness loan, but the prospective borrower de-termines not to take the business loan; and 
(D) the term ‘‘net dollar amount of busi-
ness loans’’ means the difference between the total dollar amount of business loans and the total dollar amount of cancellations. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—During the 3-year pe-
riod beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives a quarterly report regarding the loan pro-grams carried out under section 7(a) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)), which shall include— 
(A) for the fiscal year during which the re-
port is submitted and the 3 fiscal years be-fore such fiscal year— 
(i) the weekly total dollar amount of busi-
ness loans; 
(ii) the weekly total dollar amount of can-
cellations; 
(iii) the weekly net dollar amount of busi-
ness loans— 
(I) for all business loans; and (II) for each category of loan amount de-
scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 7(a)(18) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(18)); 
(B) for the fiscal year during which the re-
port is submitted— 
(i) the amount of remaining authority for 
business loans, in dollar amount and as a percentage; and 
(ii) estimates of the date on which the net 
dollar amount of business loans will reach the maximum for such business loans based on daily net lending volume and extrapo-lations based on year to date net lending vol-ume, quarterly net lending volume, and quarterly growth trends; 
(C) the number of early defaults (as deter-
mined by the Administrator) during the quarter covered by the report; 
(D) the total amount paid by borrowers in 
early default during the quarter covered by the report, as of the time of purchase of the guarantee; 
(E) the number of borrowers in early de-
fault that are franchisees; 
(F) the total amount of guarantees pur-
chased by the Administrator during the quarter covered by the report; and 
(G) a description of the actions the Admin-
istrator is taking to combat early defaults administratively and any legislative action the Administrator recommends to address early defaults. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 23, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 23, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Measuring the Sys-temic Importance of U.S. Bank Holding Companies.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-
ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on July 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Achiev-ing the Promise of Health Information Technology: Information Blocking and Potential Solutions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 23, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 23, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 23, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON THE CONSTITUTION  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on the Constitution, be au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on July 23, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Administrative State v. The Constitution: Dodd-Frank at Five Years.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Katherine White, Federal Trade Commission, and LCDR Robert Donnell, U.S. Coast Guard, detailees on the Commerce Committee, be granted floor privileges throughout the debate on the highway bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.062 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5557 July 23, 2015 
NATIONAL WINDSTORM IMPACT 
REDUCTION ACT REAUTHORIZA-TION OF 2015 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 114, H.R. 23. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 23) to reauthorize the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
H.R. 23 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Wind-
storm Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) D IRECTOR .—Section 203(1) of the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15702(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology’’. 
(b) L
IFELINES .—Section 203 of the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15702) is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) L
IFELINES .—The term ‘lifelines’ means 
public works and utilities, including transpor-tation facilities and infrastructure, oil and gas pipelines, electrical power and communication facilities and infrastructure, and water supply and sewage treatment facilities.’’. 
(c) W
INDSTORM .—Paragraph (5) of such sec-
tion, as redesignated by subsection (b), is amended by inserting ‘‘northeaster,’’ after ‘‘tropical storm,’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUC-
TION PROGRAM. 
Section 204 of the National Windstorm Impact 
Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15703) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a), (b), and (c) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Pro-gram, the purpose of which is to achieve major measurable reductions in the losses of life and property from windstorms through a coordi-nated Federal effort, in cooperation with other levels of government, academia, and the private sector, aimed at improving the understanding of windstorms and their impacts and developing and encouraging the implementation of cost-ef-fective mitigation measures to reduce those im-pacts. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF PROGRAM AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) L EAD AGENCY .—The National Institute of 
Standards and Technology shall have the pri-mary responsibility for planning and coordi-nating the Program. In carrying out this para-graph, the Director shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that the Program includes the 
necessary components to promote the implemen-tation of windstorm risk reduction measures by Federal, State, and local governments, national standards and model building code organiza-tions, architects and engineers, and others with a role in planning and constructing buildings and lifelines; ‘‘(B) support the development of performance- 
based engineering tools, and work with appro-priate groups to promote the commercial appli-cation of such tools, including through wind-re-lated model building codes, voluntary stand-ards, and construction best practices; 
‘‘(C) request the assistance of Federal agen-
cies other than the Program agencies, as nec-essary to assist in carrying out this Act; 
‘‘(D) coordinate all Federal post-windstorm 
investigations to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(E) when warranted by research or inves-
tigative findings, issue recommendations to as-sist in informing the development of model codes, and provide information to Congress on the use of such recommendations. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—In addition to the lead agency 
responsibilities described under paragraph (1), the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology shall be responsible for carrying out re-search and development to improve model build-ing codes, voluntary standards, and best prac-tices for the design, construction, and retrofit of buildings, structures, and lifelines. 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—The 
National Science Foundation shall support re-search in— 
‘‘(A) engineering and the atmospheric sciences 
to improve the understanding of the behavior of windstorms and their impact on buildings, structures, and lifelines; and 
‘‘(B) economic and social factors influencing 
windstorm risk reduction measures. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC AD -
MINISTRATION .—The National Oceanic and At-
mospheric Administration shall support atmos-pheric sciences research to improve the under-standing of the behavior of windstorms and their impact on buildings, structures, and life-lines. 
‘‘(5) F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGEN -
CY.—The Federal Emergency Management 
Agency shall— 
‘‘(A) support— ‘‘(i) the development of risk assessment tools 
and effective mitigation techniques; 
‘‘(ii) windstorm-related data collection and 
analysis; 
‘‘(iii) public outreach and information dis-
semination; and 
‘‘(iv) promotion of the adoption of windstorm 
preparedness and mitigation measures, includ-ing for households, businesses, and commu-nities, consistent with the Agency’s all-hazards approach; and 
‘‘(B) work closely with national standards 
and model building code organizations, in con-junction with the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology, to promote the implemen-tation of research results and promote better building practices within the building design and construction industry, including architects, engineers, contractors, builders, and inspec-tors.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c), and by striking subsections (e) and (f); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c), as so re-
designated, the following new subsections: 
‘‘(d) B
UDGET ACTIVITIES .—The Director of the 
National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, the Director of the National Science Foundation, the Director of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, and the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall each include in their agency’s an-nual budget request to Congress a description of their agency’s projected activities under the Program for the fiscal year covered by the budg-et request, along with an assessment of what they plan to spend on those activities for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATING COMMITTEE  
ONWINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an 
Interagency Coordinating Committee on Wind-storm Impact Reduction, chaired by the Director or the Director’s designee. ‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—In addition to the chair, 
the Committee shall be composed of— 
‘‘(A) the heads or such designees of— ‘‘(i) the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency; 
‘‘(ii) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration; 
‘‘(iii) the National Science Foundation; ‘‘(iv) the Office of Science and Technology 
Policy; and 
‘‘(v) the Office of Management and Budget; 
and 
‘‘(B) the head of any other Federal agency, or 
such designee, the chair considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet 
not less than once a year at the call of the Di-rector of the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
‘‘(4) G
ENERAL PURPOSE AND DUTIES .—The 
Committee shall oversee the planning and co-ordination of the Program. 
‘‘(5) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—The Committee shall 
develop and submit to Congress, not later than one year after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reau-thorization of 2015, a Strategic Plan for the Pro-gram that includes— 
‘‘(A) prioritized goals for the Program that 
will mitigate against the loss of life and prop-erty from future windstorms; 
‘‘(B) short-term, mid-term, and long-term re-
search objectives to achieve those goals; 
‘‘(C) a description of the role of each Program 
agency in achieving the prioritized goals; 
‘‘(D) the methods by which progress towards 
the goals will be assessed; and 
‘‘(E) an explanation of how the Program will 
foster the transfer of research results into out-comes, such as improved model building codes. 
‘‘(6) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reau-thorization of 2015, the Committee shall submit to the Congress a report on the progress of the Program that includes— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities funded 
under the Program, a description of how these activities align with the prioritized goals and re-search objectives established in the Strategic Plan, and the budgets, per agency, for these ac-tivities; 
‘‘(B) the outcomes achieved by the Program 
for each of the goals identified in the Strategic Plan; 
‘‘(C) a description of any recommendations 
made to change existing building codes that were the result of Program activities; and 
‘‘(D) a description of the extent to which the 
Program has incorporated recommendations from the Advisory Committee on Windstorm Im-pact Reduction. 
‘‘(7) C
OORDINATED BUDGET .—The Committee 
shall develop a coordinated budget for the Pro-gram, which shall be submitted to the Congress not later than 60 days after the date of the President’s budget submission for each fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION. 
Section 205 of the National Windstorm Impact 
Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15704) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 205. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology shall establish an Advisory Committee on Wind-storm Impact Reduction, which shall be com-posed of at least 7 and not more than 15 mem-bers who are qualified to provide advice on windstorm impact reduction and represent re-lated scientific, architectural, and engineering disciplines, none of whom may be employees of the Federal Government, including— 
‘‘(1) representatives of research and academic 
institutions; 
‘‘(2) industry standards development organi-
zations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.112 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5558 July 23, 2015 
‘‘(3) emergency management agencies; 
‘‘(4) State and local government; and ‘‘(5) business communities, including the in-
surance industry. 
‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENTS .—The Advisory Committee 
on Windstorm Impact Reduction shall offer as-sessments and recommendations on— 
‘‘(1) trends and developments in the natural, 
engineering, and social sciences and practices of windstorm impact mitigation; 
‘‘(2) the priorities of the Program’s Strategic 
Plan; 
‘‘(3) the coordination of the Program; ‘‘(4) the effectiveness of the Program in meet-
ing its purposes; and 
‘‘(5) any revisions to the Program which may 
be necessary. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION .—The members of the Ad-
visory Committee established under this section shall serve without compensation. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—At least every 2 years, the Ad-
visory Committee shall report to the Director on the assessments carried out under subsection (b) and its recommendations for ways to improve the Program. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER .—Notwithstanding section 
14(b)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee shall not be required to file a charter subsequent to its initial charter, filed under section 9(c) of such Act, before the termination date specified in subsection (f) of this section. 
‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The Advisory Committee 
shall terminate on September 30, 2017. 
‘‘(g) C ONFLICT OF INTEREST .—An Advisory 
Committee member shall recuse himself from any Advisory Committee activity in which he has an actual pecuniary interest.’’. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 207 of the National Windstorm Impact 
Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15706) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 207. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
AGENCY .—There are authorized to be appro-
priated to the Federal Emergency Management Agency for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated to the Na-tional Science Foundation for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(d) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  
ADMINISTRATION .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2017.’’. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the committee-reported substitute be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 23), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
VETERANS ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 149, H.R. 2499. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2499) to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the Vitter amendment at the desk be agreed to, that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2326) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 4. BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM. 
(a) S ECTION 7(a) F UNDING LEVELS .—The 
third proviso under the heading ‘‘ BUSINESS  
LOANS PROGRAM ACCOUNT ’’ under the heading 
‘‘SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION ’’ under 
title V of division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2371) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘$18,750,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$23,500,000,000’’. 
(b) L
OAN LIMITATIONS .—Section 7(a)(1) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘No financial assistance’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No financial assistance’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) L
IQUIDITY .—On and after October 1, 
2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the lender de-termines that the borrower is unable to ob-tain credit elsewhere solely because the li-quidity of the lender depends upon the guar-anteed portion of the loan being sold on the secondary market.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) L
ENDING LIMITS OF LENDERS .—On and 
after October 1, 2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the sole purpose for requesting the guarantee is to allow the lender to exceed the legal lending limit of the lender.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTING .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the 
Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration; 
(B) the term ‘‘business loan’’ means a loan 
made or guaranteed under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)); 
(C) the term ‘‘cancellation’’ means that 
the Administrator approves a proposed busi-ness loan, but the prospective borrower de-termines not to take the business loan; and (D) the term ‘‘net dollar amount of busi-
ness loans’’ means the difference between the total dollar amount of business loans and the total dollar amount of cancellations. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—During the 3-year pe-
riod beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives a quarterly report regarding the loan pro-grams carried out under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)), which shall include— 
(A) for the fiscal year during which the re-
port is submitted and the 3 fiscal years be-fore such fiscal year— 
(i) the weekly total dollar amount of busi-
ness loans; 
(ii) the weekly total dollar amount of can-
cellations; 
(iii) the weekly net dollar amount of busi-
ness loans— 
(I) for all business loans; and (II) for each category of loan amount de-
scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 7(a)(18) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(18)); 
(B) for the fiscal year during which the re-
port is submitted— 
(i) the amount of remaining authority for 
business loans, in dollar amount and as a percentage; and 
(ii) estimates of the date on which the net 
dollar amount of business loans will reach the maximum for such business loans based on daily net lending volume and extrapo-lations based on year to date net lending vol-ume, quarterly net lending volume, and quarterly growth trends; 
(C) the number of early defaults (as deter-
mined by the Administrator) during the quarter covered by the report; 
(D) the total amount paid by borrowers in 
early default during the quarter covered by the report, as of the time of purchase of the guarantee; 
(E) the number of borrowers in early de-
fault that are franchisees; 
(F) the total amount of guarantees pur-
chased by the Administrator during the quarter covered by the report; and 
(G) a description of the actions the Admin-
istrator is taking to combat early defaults administratively and any legislative action the Administrator recommends to address early defaults. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2499), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
DHS IT DUPLICATION REDUCTION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1626 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1626) to reduce duplication of 
information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.037 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5559 July 23, 2015 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 1626) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
UNITED STATES INTELLIGENCE 
PROFESSIONALS DAY 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 229, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 229) designating July 
26, 2015, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Pro-fessionals Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 229) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 24, 2015 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9 a.m., Friday, July 24; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, all postcloture time on the motion to pro-ceed to H.R. 22 be deemed expired. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 8:07 p.m., adjourned until Friday, July 24, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL BRETT W. ANDERSEN COLONEL WALLACE S. BONDS COLONEL JOHN C. BOYD COLONEL DAVID L. BOYLE COLONEL MARK N. BROWN COLONEL ROBERT D. BURKE COLONEL THOMAS M. CARDEN, JR. COLONEL PATRICK J. CENTER COLONEL LAURA L. CLELLAN COLONEL JOHANNA P. CLYBORNE COLONEL ALAN C. CRANFORD COLONEL ANITA K.W. CURINGTON COLONEL DARRELL D. DARNBUSH COLONEL AARON R. DEAN II COLONEL DAMIAN T. DONAHOE COLONEL JOHN H. EDWARDS, JR. COLONEL LEE M. ELLIS COLONEL PABLO ESTRADA, JR. COLONEL JAMES R. FINLEY COLONEL THOMAS C. FISHER COLONEL LAPTHE C. FLORA COLONEL MICHAEL S. FUNK COLONEL MICHAEL J. GARSHAK COLONEL HARRISON B. GILLIAM COLONEL MICHAEL J. GLISSON COLONEL WALLACE A. HALL, JR. COLONEL KENNETH S. HARA COLONEL MARCUS R. HATLEY COLONEL GREGORY J. HIRSCH COLONEL JOHN E. HOEFERT COLONEL LEE W. HOPKINS COLONEL LYNDON C. JOHNSON COLONEL RUSSELL D. JOHNSON COLONEL PETER S. KAYE COLONEL JESSE J. KIRCHMEIER COLONEL RICHARD C. KNOWLTON COLONEL MARTIN A. LAFFERTY COLONEL EDWIN W. LARKIN COLONEL BRUCE C. LINTON COLONEL KEVIN D. LYONS COLONEL ROBERT B. MCCASTLAIN COLONEL MARK D. MCCORMACK COLONEL MARSHALL T. MICHELS COLONEL MICHAEL A. MITCHELL COLONEL SHAWN M. O’BRIEN COLONEL DAVID F. O’DONAHUE COLONEL JOHN O. PAYNE COLONEL TROY R. PHILLIPS COLONEL RAFAEL A. RIBAS COLONEL EDWARD D. RICHARDS COLONEL HAMILTON D. RICHARDS COLONEL JOHN W. SCHROEDER COLONEL SCOTT C. SHARP COLONEL CARY A. SHILLCUTT COLONEL BENNETT E. SINGER COLONEL RAYMOND G. STRAWBRIDGE COLONEL TRACEY J. TRAUTMAN COLONEL SUZANNE P. VARES–LUM COLONEL DAVID N. VESPER COLONEL CLINT E. WALKER COLONEL JAMES B. WASKOM COLONEL MICHAEL J. WILLIS COLONEL KURTIS J. WINSTEAD COLONEL DAVID E. WOOD 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LAURA L. YEAGER 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WILLIAM J. EDWARDS 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT W. ENZENAUER 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIGADIER GENERAL RANDY A. ALEWEL BRIGADIER GENERAL CRAIG E. BENNETT BRIGADIER GENERAL ALLEN E. BREWER BRIGADIER GENERAL BRIAN R. COPES BRIGADIER GENERAL BENJAMIN J. CORELL BRIGADIER GENERAL PETER L. COREY BRIGADIER GENERAL STEVEN FERRARI BRIGADIER GENERAL RALPH H. GROOVER III BRIGADIER GENERAL WILLIAM A. HALL BRIGADIER GENERAL BRIAN C. HARRIS BRIGADIER GENERAL RICHARD J. HAYES, JR. BRIGADIER GENERAL SAMUEL L. HENRY BRIGADIER GENERAL BARRY D. KEELING BRIGADIER GENERAL KEITH A. KLEMMER BRIGADIER GENERAL WILLIAM J. LIEDER BRIGADIER GENERAL DANA L. MCDANIEL 
BRIGADIER GENERAL RAFAEL O’FERRALL BRIGADIER GENERAL JOANNE F. SHERIDAN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS COMMANDER, MARINE FORCES RESERVE, AND AP-POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5144: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. REX C. MCMILLIAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. ROBERT R. RUARK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be colonel 
JOHN C. BOSTON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 9333(B) AND 9336(A): 
To be colonel 
JOHN A. CHRIST 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER IN THE GRADE INDI-
CATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
STEPHEN T. WOLPERT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JENIFER E. HEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MICHAEL R. STARKEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR REGULAR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
DEEPA HARIPRASAD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DALE T. WALTMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
VINCENT E. BUGGS DEXTER E. CASTON ROBERT C. DOTSON JOHNNIE E. EDMONDS DENNIS C. EDWARDS RICHARD D. ERENBAUM DERRICK M. FISHBACK ANDREW L. FLAGLER STEPHEN K. FREEMAN LEE D. HYDER BRYAN A. JONES GEORGE LEWIS MICHAEL A. LOCKWOOD JAMES E. MARTIN, JR. ROBERTO MARTINEZGONZALEZ DAVID E. MEYER JOSEPH P. NEUWIRTH JOHN T. NOVAK MICHAEL O. PETZINGER SANDY C. SADLER KIRK R. SLAUGHTER DORA E. TERAN JOHN M. TERRIZZI GUSTAVUS A. WALTERS WILLIAM A. WYMAN, JR. JAMES M. ZEPP III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
SHONTELLE C. ADAMS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G23JY6.114 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5560 July 23, 2015 
ROGER T. AESCHLIMAN 
IREDRELL K. AGEE III ALAN B. ALEXANDER MICHAEL J. ALLEN BRENT F. ANDERSON JASON M. AWADI CRAIG W. BAKER KEVIN M. BAKER JOHNATHON W. BALLARD NICOLE M. BALLIET CHRISTOPHER S. BARIL RAYMOND J. BARNES STEVEN D. BARNEY BRENT R. BAXTER JEMAL J. BEALE GLENN A. BEARD, JR. MARK M. BECKLER ALFRED S. BELLUCHE KEVIN K. BENDER DANIEL T. BILKO KEVIN M. BLACK DOUGLAS W. BOGENHAGEN JOSEPH W. BOLER JULIAN H. BOND CHARLES F. BOOZE III RODNEY C. BOYD MICHAEL S. BOYLE JAMES D. BRIGGS JEFFREY L. BROWN VICTOR R. BROWN SCOTT K. BURNHOPE MIRIAM D. CARLISLEWESTFALL ALLAN W. CARTER CHRISTOPHER C. CERNIAUSKAS JAMES P. CHALLENDER ANDREW J. CHEVALIER DIRK A. CHRISTIAN GREGG T. CLARK RAMON COLON MARK D. COLVIN THOMAS L. CONERLY 
RYAN E. CONNELLY REGINALD L. COOK DAVID E. COOPER WILLIAM F. COST, JR. CALVIN J. COVANY, JR. LEVON E. CUMPTON XAVIER R. DASHIELL MARION D. DAVIS DANIEL A. DEGELOW BRIAN S. DEMERS ROBERT S. DIVNEY STEPHEN P. DOWDIE THOMAS P. DOWNEY DANA L. DUGGINS BILLY A. EASTERLY TODD W. EDGAR LESLEY F. EDWARDS, JR. ANDREW W. ENGELHARDT JONATHAN J. ERICKSON JAMES D. ERIKSEN, JR. CHRISTOPHER S. EVANS WILLIAM T. EWING MICHAEL J. FALK PATRICIA T. FANT SCOTT D. FARISH JAMES P. FREEHART WILLIAM K. FREEMAN, JR. MATTHEW W. FRYMAN KEVIN A. FUJIMOTO LOUIS J. FUSARO, JR. SCOTT A. GAINES ROS L. GAMMON IV KEVIN L. GARNER JOHN T. GENTRY, JR. RAUL E. GIERBOLINI STEVEN A. GILBERT DOYLE GILLIS, JR. BOBBY M. GINN, JR. GARLAND H. GOODRICH RICHARD A. GRAY LEO GRIEGO, JR. TAMMY L. GROSS LAWRENCE H. GUENTHER JOEL D. HAGY EDWARD H. HALLENBECK ERIC H. HALLSTROM GRETCHEN E. HARBIN RODNEY HARRIS PAUL D. HARRON ROBERT J. HAYDEN IV TIMOTHY A. HEAD JAMISON A. HERRERA HECTOR R. HERRERACAMERON MARK E. HOLLAND CHRISTOPHER S. HOLMES MURRAY E. HOLT II MICHAEL A. HONEYCUTT ROBIN A. HOSSFELD LYNN J. ISHII ROBERT T. JARRETT, JR. CLARK V. JOHNSON RONALD N. JONAS CRAIG W. JONES JAMES M. JONES STEPHEN P. JONES GARY A. JORGENSEN, JR. JASON D. KAUL MATTHEW J. KENNEDY THOMAS C. KIMBALL PATRICK A. KIRBY MICHAEL E. KITCHENS HAROLD W. KNIGHT III CHARLES L. KNOWLES DENNIS E. KONKEL JAMES P. KOPKO ALLYSA A. KROPP CLAYTON E. KUETEMEYER 
CHRISTOPHER LAMBESIS ROBERT J. LARKIN CHRISTOPHER L. LARRABEE CHRISTOPHER J. LAWSON MARK D. LEBEAU JEFFREY D. LEE LOREN R. LEGRAND MICHAEL J. LINS EDWARDS S. LITTLE, JR. HOWARD R. LLOYD, JR. KEVIN W. LOCHTEFELD FREDERICK D. LONG 
PATRICK R. MACKLIN KIMBERLY M. MARTINDALE MICHAEL M. MAY RORY B. MCCORMACK GORDON MCCOY KIMBERLY J. MCDONALD MIMI Y. H. MCEWING MARK E. MCGUIRE LAURA A. MCHUGH MICHAEL A. MCLEAN NORMAND G. MICHAUD JOSEPH A. MITCHELL WILLIAM S. MITCHELL PAUL J. MOCARSKI BENNIE L. MORRIS CHRISTOPHER M. MURPHY MICHAEL T. MURPHY PAUL NEMA ANTHONY F. NOLL FRANK J. OLIVEIRA BRYAN K. OUELLETTE ROBERT A. PAOLUCCI WARREN L. PAULING KARL S. POND DAVID K. PRITCHETT JERRY F. PROCHASKA STEVEN E. REECE ANTHONY L. RIVERA CARLOS J. RIVERAROMAN GENE T. ROACH, JR. JAMES M. ROBERTS II BRETT D. ROBISTOW MAURICE E. ROCHELLE GREGORY W. ROGERS KIM S. ROLSTONE ISRAEL ROMERO STACY L. ROTH EDITH C. SAILOR GUSTAVO V. SANTIAGO, JR. SHANNON D. SAUCY MATTHEW J. SAXTON ANTHONY SCIARAFFA STEVEN G. SHEPHERD GARY L. SHEPPARD SCOTT M. SHERMAN STEVEN G. SHERROD CHAD H. SMITH DOUGLAS R. SMITH EDWARD S. SMITH ISABEL R. SMITH JEFFERY M. SMITH JODY M. SMITH ROBERT E. SOWARDS TODD A. SPAFFORD HENRY L. STEVENS KEVIN M. STEWART PAUL C. SUSKIE FREDERICK F. TADY, JR. ERIC J. TEEGERSTROM MARK E. TELLIER DENNIS A. TILSON GREGORY C. TINE FRANK TOMINEZ, JR. CHUNG T. TRAN JOHN A. TREUFELDT, JR. PERRY L. TURNER TYRONE T. TWYMAN THOMAS E. VERN, JR. KEVIN L. VINES CHRISTIAN J. VONWUPPERFELD BART R. WAGNER EDWARD C. WALLER GLEN H. WALTERS LELAND D. WARD ROBERT F. WEIR DAVID A. WEISBERG KENNETH R. WHITE MARK K. WHITLOCK JOHN W. WHITMIRE JAMES C. WILKINS KEITH L. WILLIAMS JOHN M. WINDLE ROBERT T. WOOLDRIDGE II ROBERT S. WRIGHT JOSEPH S. ZUFFANTI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ANDREA C. ALICEA ASHLEY G. ARAGONA HUGO R. ASURZA GILBERT C. BARRETT II BARRETT N. BEARDSLEY DANIEL W. BJORGE ABBY N. BOSCHERT ADAM W. BROCK DAWN L. BROYLES PHILIP T. BUCKLER JASON M. BULLOCK JOSEPH F. CAPETILLO BYRON E. CAPPS 
DIANA K. S. CHOI COLLIN R. CLATANOFF LEE M. COTE, JR. LOGAN R. CURTIS NHANAM D. DO ANDREW W. DULLNIG ELENA G. FURDUICARR THOMAS P. GRAHAM JESSE P. HALL JOSHUA L. HALL MICHAEL B. HARPER ELSIE A. HINZ 
CHRISTA E. HIRLEMAN ERICK A. JANSSON JOHN G. KEETON JOHN M. K. KIM SUNG S. KIM BRIAN J. KIRKWOOD VIVIAN Y. W. KO MARK M. KOMFORTI JASON C. LACOURSE ADAM J. LANE ANDRE C. LEDOUX BRIAN J. LEE JOSHUA H. LEE TERRENCE O. LEWIS JACOB V. LILJENQUIST KOURTNEY R. LOGAN SCOTT C. MARSHALL JAMES M. MCCANN PETER B. MCCLELLAN JASON MCDANIEL LUIS F. MISSURA DUKE P. NGUYEN IRIS A. PANOS STEPHEN B. PETERMAN KEVIN D. PRIEST TEJDEEP S. RATTAN VEJAY K. RAVINDRAN ROHTAZ K. SANDHU STEPHEN J. SEBASTIAN PAUL SEIBEL JAMES T. SHANER KRISTOFER P. SIVANICH KEVIN D. SMITH ANDREW D. TAYLOR BENJAMIN L. THOMPSON CHRISTOPHER O. TORRES MATTHEW J. WALKER HILARY F. WHEELESS SPENCER W. WILSON AARON J. YARNELL GIOVANNY F. ZALAMAR 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ERIC B. ABDUL ALAIN M. P. ABELLADA DAVID J. S. ACIERTO DANIKA L. ALEXANDER GEOFFREY C. ALEXANDER DAVID E. ANDERSON RONALD D. ANDERSON MICHAEL D. APRIL CRUZ N. J. ARBELO JOEL L. ARTER BENJAMIN T. ARTHUR TIENEKA M. BAKER ERIC M. BALENT JEDIDIAH A. BALLARD MATTHEW M. BANTI JULIANN BARRETT DANIEL W. BEAUCHAMP KATHERINE M. BEDIGREW MICHAEL A. BELLAMY MICHAEL D. BERVEN AARON S. BIRCH KRISTINA A. BOWEN NATHAN L. BOYER MICHAEL R. BRACKMAN AARON W. BROTHERS ROBERT A. BROWN, JR. CHARLES E. BRYANT JEFFREY H. BURKET BRANDY M. BUTLER MICHAEL BYBEL, JR. EVAN R. CAMERON AMANDA M. CARNES VINCENT E. CASIANO IAN M. CASSADAY ASHLEY N. CHAFFINDEMPSEY MICHAEL M. CHAMBERLIN STEPHEN H. CHO JOON S. CHOI LAURA C. COOKMAN ALISSA M. COONEY SETH L. CORNELL JOANNA R. CROSSETT JENNIFER M. CRUMBAILEY MICHAELFLYNN L. CULLEN JOHN W. DAULA KELLY T. DAVISON RYAN M. DECORT JONATHAN M. DEETH JONATHAN R. DIAZ GREGORY R. DION MARK N. DONOVAN SETH DUKES KENNETH C. DUNSTONE AMANDA R. DUTTLINGER RICHARD P. EIDE III DIANE U. ELEGINOSTEFFENS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.003 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5561 July 23, 2015 
ISAAC D. ERBELE 
RICHARD J. ERNST JAMES J. ESPOSITO CAITLIN M. FINK EMILIE B. FITZPATRICK FRANCISCO J. FLETES JOHN J. FOWLER KLAUS A. FREELAND JEFFREY T. FREEMAN JOSIAH D. FREEMYER IAN D. FUNNELL ABRAHAM J. FURA MARY S. GELNETT ALAN A. GEORGE MICHELE A. GLASS JASON A. GLOW BENJAMIN E. GOOD NICHOLAS P. GORHAM TROY B. GRAYBEAL VANESSA R. GREEN LIESL S. GRENIER KENNETH H. GRIER STEPHANIE A. GROTZKE AMBER K. GRUTERS ELIZABETH S. GUINTO ROY E. GUINTO JARRED A. HAGAN LAELA M. HAJIAGHAMOHSENI ASHLEY U. HALL CHRISTOPHER P. HALL NOAH M. HALL JUSTIN A. HAMILTON JONATHAN T. HARDIN QUINTON M. HATCH NATHANAEL E. HATHAWAY CHRISTINE Y. H. HAYES COURTNEY J. HAYES MEREDITH A. HAYS DANA T. HENSLEY, JR. MATTHEW E. HERBERG MICHELLE M. HILL 
GRAYSON W. HOOPER DONALD N. HOPE ERICA R. HOPE GERALD J. HOPKINS, JR. PAUL M. HOUGHTALING ROBERT HOUSTON IV JAMES A. HULA, JR. ADAM L. HUNZEKER JOSHUA B. HVIDDING GARETT E. JACKSON SELINA A. JEANISE REBEKAH J. JOHNSON MILISSA U. JONES CHARLES L. KATZ DONALD E. KEEN, JR. BRIAN P. KEENE LAURA M. KELLER LINDSAY E. KELLEY JOSEPH R. KELLY CHONNA L. KENDRICK JIYOON KIM MICHAEL KIM MYUNGJIN G. KIM SARAH A. KINKENNON JOHN G. KNIGHT MICHAEL A. KOREN BRYAN K. KUJAWA NJI G. T. KUM NICHOLAS J. KUNTZ MARIA T. KURTZ JOSHUA L. LAGRANT CHRISTOPHER W. LARSON SHANE L. LARSON MATTHEW D. LAUGHLIN LUAT N. C. LE DANIEL J. LEE JOSHUA S. LEE DAVID A. LEITMAN II BRYAN J. LIMING CHARLES K. LIN PHILLIP C. LINDHOLM LUKE J. LINDLEY COLIN T. LINTHICUM KEVIN T. LOK QUINTON D. LORDS VICTORIA A. R. MAHAR PAMELA C. MASELLA KYLE M. MASTERS PATRICK J. MASTIN BRETT A. MATZEK JEREMY R. MCCALLUM MARK A. MCCONNELL REBECCA L. MCCONNELL EMILY C. MCDUFFEE RAVI S. MENON NORMAN K. MESSENGER, JR. SARA E. MICHAEL MARY E. MILLER JOSEPH G. MOLLURA CARDONA A. L. MORALES EMILY N. MORGAN TYLER A. MOSS MATT T. MURAMOTO VINCENTE S. NELSON JAMES Q. NGUYEN MOROMOKE O. ODINA MARY T. M. ODONNELL CHRISTINE M. OLANREWAJU DAVID L. OLIVER NICOLAS M. ORTIZ REBECCA M. ORTOLANO SCOTT R. OSTRANDER BRETT A. OZANICH SARAH A. PACE ROBERT D. PAISLEY ALEXIS C. PALBUS OTTO W. PANTOJA 
JIGARKUMAR A. PATEL ANTHONY B. PATTERSON BRIAN L. PATTON JOSEPH J. PAVELITES IRINA M. PECHENKO GREGORY S. PEIRCE MIGUEL PEREZABREU JOSEPH L. PETFIELD MICHAEL D. PHILLIPS ADAM M. PICKETT GREGORY R. PITTMAN JASON E. POLCHINSKI 
AUGUSTAH J. POUTRE JEFFREY D. PRICHARD ROBERT QUARCOO LAURA J. RADEL ARWYN E. RAINA DINESH S. RAO TYLER R. REESE DANIEL S. RHOADES PEDRO J. RIOSMORALES RACHEL C. ROBBINS CHRISTOPHER A. ROBERTS CHRISTOPHER R. ROHRBOUGH DAVID M. ROMANO CABALLERO M. ROMERO RACHEL A. ROSENBAUM OLGA O. ROSENBERRY MEGHAN R. ROSENQUIST JACOB C. L. RUMLEY GEORGE N. RYMARCZUK REBECCA J. SAINATO MICHAEL A. SAMUELS JOY SARKAR AUDREY L. M. SATO STEVEN G. SCHAUER CARLA W. SCHNITZLEIN JEREMY D. SCHROEDER ERIC L. SCOFIELD JASON S. SEDARSKY JARED R. SEIBERT JONATHAN J. SEXTON LISA M. SHAPCOTT NICHOLAS J. SHARBINI ZACHARY J. SHAUB ASHLEY G. SHAW WILLIAM E. SHERMAN WILLIAM J. SHERMAN SEAN R. SHIRLEY ELIZABETH G. SIMMONS ADAM J. SMITH JONATHAN S. P. SMITH PATRICK R. SMITH THOMAS B. SMITH CHE A. SOLLA MARICEL Z. SOTO MARIO A. SOTO MICHELLE K. STEGENGA CHRISTOPHER D. STEWART DOUGLAS R. STODDARD MATTHEW A. STRODE JOSHUA J. STROMMEN NICHOLAS R. TENEYUQUE JESSICA S. THOMAS JORDAN L. THOMSON REGINALD TREVINO JASON A. UNGER BLARCUM G. S. VAN CHARLENE A. VESTERMARK NICOLE O. VIETOR ROBERT C. VIETOR BERNADETTE VILLARREAL WILLIAM J. WADZINSKI JENNIFER A. WAGNER IAN M. WARD KRISTIE M. WAVERS JAMES W. WEIGHTMAN MEGHAN L. WEISBECK KIMBERLY A. WERNER JONATHAN E. WIESE JOSEPH R. C. WILLIAMS TA R. K. WILLS JAMES H. WINEGARNER CAMERON S. WOLTERSTORFF DIFU WU GERALD E. WYNNE MATTHEW J. ZAK DEREK G. ZICKGRAF SARA I. ZOESCH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GARY S. ANSELMO TIMOTHY J. ARSENEAU DEANNA M. BAGUE CHRISTOPHER Z. BARRA MICHAEL E. BEANE JUAN R. BERRIOS MARK A. BLANEK ERIC BOETTCHER CHARLES V. BOLLES II WAYNE H. BOWEN TIMOTHY E. BRENNAN RICHARD E. BROWN PAUL J. BUCKWALTER KEVIN S. BUNTON JERRY B. BUSH LORING Q. BUSH JEFFREY A. CANTOR RANDALL S. CARTMILL TIMOTHY D. CHAPMAN MICHAEL C. CLAY RICARDO COBIAN SHAWN P. COCHRAN 
FRANCES E. COFFEY CLIFFORD A. CONKLIN JOHN A. CONKLIN KAREN A. CONNICK JEANINE S. CUNLIFFE GARY D. CURRY ROBERT C. CUTAJAR JAMES Y. DAFFRON KIRK P. DAILEY MICHAEL A. DALESANDRO DAVID J. DAUB JAMES E. DAVIS KEVIN E. DAVIS MARSHA L. DEFELICE GREG B. DEGUZMAN MARI E. DEPORRES JOHN E. DETHLEFS DARRELL D. DODGE FRED M. DORSEY, JR. CHRISTOPHER J. DZIUBEK BARRY E. EDBERG OSCAR F. EICHHORN NORMAN M. FABIAN GERALD A. FAUNT RODNEY J. FISCHER JOHN M. FISHER BRETT J. GARDNER KELLY E. GARRETT DONALD W. GATES KIM A. GATEWOOD JOHN M. GERMANN SETH A. GLADSTONE ROGER A. GLENN JASON K. GRAAF LEONARD D. GRANT JEFFERY G. GREENE ROBERT J. HAILEY DEAN E. HALE DAVID L. HARRIS DAVID E. HEFLIN 
WILLIAM P. HEYLAND WILLIAM P. HIGGINS ERIC S. HOLLIDAY DOUGLAS L. HOPLER CAROL V. HRICZOV JOHN T. HUBERT MICHELLE M. HUCKINS ELVIS HUGEE DOUGLAS R. HURST TRISTRAM T. HYDE V MARTIN B. INMAN EURIKA L. JENNINGS JOHN W. JOSEPH MARIA A. JUAREZ ROBIN D. JULCH VICTOR G. KELLY JULIANNE M. L. KERR JAMES M. KISIEL GAYLON L. KRAVIG DUANE LACLAIR STEVE C. LAI ROBERT LALOR BETHANY L. LEE MARLON E. LEWIS TODD C. LIEBIG RANDY W. LUKE WILLIAM M. MAGUIRE JEFFREY D. MAHAN MICHAEL C. MALONE RUDOLPH V. MALONE ANTHONY E. MANETTA JESSE C. MANNING CHRISTOPHER L. MATSON PAUL J. MATTERN WALTER C. MATTIL CARLOS D. MAYS CLEA O. MCCAA DARYL S. MCCORMICK TIMOTHY E. MCGOWAN RANDALL L. MEDEIROS JOHN K. MEEHAN SAMUEL C. MEMBRERE WILLIAM G. MERGNER PAUL V. MILLER KAREN S. MONDAYGRESHAM DANNY C. MORGAN KIMBERLY S. MOROS LINDAN A. MOYA SCOTT A. NELSON DAVID A. NIESEN HALLAH E. NILSEN MANUEL OCASIO, JR. KEVIN D. OLIVER THOMAS W. OLSEN STANLEY B. OSWALD GREGORY V. PASS MICHAEL C. PECKHAM AHMAD J. PELZER JOHN J. A. PERREL EDWARD L. PESCE LONG PHAM ROBERT T. PHILLIPS ANTHONY PICKENS KENNETH R. POWELL GREGORY P. PUCCETTI JEFFREY D. PUGH TIMOTHY G. PULLEY EDWARD W. RADGOWSKI, JR. DAVID K. RAINEY RICHARD G. REED KENNETH D. REID TODD L. RESSEL RODGER T. REYNOLDS MARY B. REYNOLDS VINCE A. RICE JEFFREY L. RICHAR 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.005 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5562 July 23, 2015 
CHANDRA M. ROBERTS 
MICHAEL L. ROBERTSON ANTHONY L. ROCKEMORE JOHN L. RODRIGUEZ BURNIE L. ROPER, JR. CHRISTINE V. RUMMEL WILLIAM J. RUMMEL DORIL SANDERS RAY D. SARTAIN JOHN H. SCOTT MARCUS A. SCOTT DOUGLAS E. SHARP ALAN R. SHEARD MICHAEL A. SHERMAN PAMELA L. SHIELDS RAYMOND SHORT JOHN D. SLAVIN KEVIN M. SMITH ANTHONY T. SNIDER TIMOTHY M. SNYDER MARK M. STEWART JOHN A. STOKES, JR. DOUGLAS M. STONE GARY K. STOVER, JR. MICHAEL S. SULLIVAN APRIL L. THOMAS DEAN P. THOMPSON SAMMIE L. THURMAN, JR. WILLIAM E. TILLERY RENEA L. TIMKO MARCI D. TOLER STEPHEN L. TREMBLAY GERALD E. TUCKER DOYLE R. TUISL ANTHONY E. ULRICH MARK P. VAKOS ROBERT A. VAUGHAN ERNST C. VONARNSWALDT JOHN G. VONGLIS JEFFREY L. WAKELYN MALCOLM T. WALKER WILLIAM A. WILKE WENDETTA N. WILLIAMS DAVID L. WILLIS JOSEPH A. WOLL KENNETH J. YEASKY JOHN G. ZIERDT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
AUDRY T. OXLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
MARK B. LYLES 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
RUSSELL P. BATES DAVID GLOVER RAFAELDIONIS MEDINA HORACIO G. TAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
SYLVESTER C. ADAMAH GREGGORY A. BENTON CHARLES W. BISGARD TROY M. BROWN RYAN P. CAREY JAMES W. EVANS CATHERINE U. EYRICH MATTHEW C. GUNDERSON GREGORY P. JENNINGS SAMUEL A. JOHNSON STEPHEN M. LAMPERT CHRISTOPHER S. LANDESS MICHAEL W. MCCAIN DANIEL J. MULLER JEREMY D. RAMBERG JEFFREY A. RICHER KENNETH E. SCHWALBE CONSTANCE L. SOLINA CHRISTOPHER E. STEELE ROBERT D. STILES JULIANA M. STRIETER LI SUNG PRESTON D. TAYLOR CHADWICK D. WHITE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
RUBEN A. ALCOCER ROBERT G. ALEXANDER III DONALD E. BAKER PATRICK W. BROWN CHRISTOPHER M. BUCZKOWSKI KEITH A. CAPPER TRAVIS P. COLLERAN CHRISTOPHER P. COUSINO JODY M. DANIEL SAMUEL V. FONTE 
TERRI L. GABRIEL JOSEPH M. GILMORE STEPHEN K. GULICK JEFFREY S. HARRIS PETER J. HOLDORF DAVID J. HUBER COLLEEN L. JACKSON KENNETH J. JACKSON EDELIO P. JOLOYA JOANNA D. KALVIG KEITH B. KLEMM CARL W. KOCH PHILIP R. LINDLEY ERIC D. LOCKETT PHILIP W. LOWREY CASS K. MADSON FRANK D. MILLER GREGORY P. MITCHELL SHAWN M. MORGHEIM DOUGLAS R. MURPHY CHRISTOPHER A. NEWELL ALLEN M. OWENS, JR. DAVID W. PAVLIK JOSEPH C. PESTAR, JR. JOSEPH H. PETH DERWIN B. PROBY CHARLES M. REED MICHAEL R. SCHILLING SETH D. THORNHILL JOHN H. TIPTON SEAN W. TOOLE SALVADOR TORRESACOSTA JAMES A. TROUT JAMES L. VENCKUS ALEXANDER D. WALLACE III MELISSIA A. WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
ACCURSIA A. BALDASSANO BRIAN A. BARBER RACHEL R. BAUDEK KRYSTAL M. BAUMAN KAREN A. BELCAR RHONDA L. BENNETT RAYMOND L. BONDS PHILLIP A. BOYER TIMOTHY P. BRENDER NATHAN S. BREZOVIC CARMEN M. BROSINSKI TYMESIA V. CORTEZ COBY S. CROFT RICHARD J. CURLEY DAVID A. DEIKE KERRY L. EBUENG BRIDGETTE D. FERGUSON JERVIA I. FICKENS LYDIA B. HAASE ROBIN A. HARRIS CAMBRAI E. HARTY VIRGINIA C. HAZLETT KIRSTEN L. HILL BETH A. HOFFMAN LINDA A. HUBER TERRI L. JANDRON JODY L. KING SOPHIA M. LAWRENCE PANDORA J. LIPTROT VALERIE V. LITTLEFIELD JILL M. MALDARELLIDREY CRAIG T. MALLOY BRENT M. MCDUFFIE KAZMER MESZAROS, JR. PATRICIA J. MILLER DAWN E. MITCHELL MEGAN Z. NASWORTHY LOUISE B. NELLUMS ERIC J. PAULI DANIEL F. RICE ANNA A. ROSS WILLIAM J. ROULAINE ELIOT D. SPENCER SUSAN M. TILLMON MATTHEW A. TRUDEAU JERROL B. WALLACE JOEL P. WEMETTE AMY C. WHITE JANICE A. WHITE JACQUELINE R. WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JASON S. AYEROFF LAURA E. BISHOP PHILLIP A. CHOCKLEY CHRIS W. CZAPLAK PHILIP J. HAMON CLIFTON H. HUTCHINSON II ELIZABETH H. JOSEPHSON HAYES C. LARSEN AMANDA R. MYERS STEVEN M. MYERS STEVEN R. OBERT PETER P. PASCUCCI KATHERINE S. PASIETA MARY B. POHANKA ELIZABETH A. ROSSO RYAN STORMER ANGELA J. TANG BRENT E. TROYAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JERRY J. BAILEY TIMOTHY D. BARNES MATT D. BEERY KERRI L. BROWNE ROGER S. CARON WILLIE D. CARTER BRENT N. CASADY GEORGE P. COAN III ROBERT E. COMEAU JOHN P. CONZA MARIA C. COON NOEL M. CORPUS RANDY S. DEE CARRIE L. DREYER JOSEPHINE C. FAJARDO DIANA M. GARCIA ADRIAN D. GASKIN REBECCA V. GELS RICHARD GILLIARD, JR. JEFFERSON D. GRUBB LESLIE C. HAIR ANDREW M. HAYES JONATHAN A. HOILES MATTHEW H. JAMERSON JOSEPH S. JENKINS PAULA JOHNSTON DANIEL KACHENCHAI MICHELLE L. KEE MELISSA D. H. LAUBY ROBERT D. LIPPY JOSEPH A. MASTRANGELO ROBERT T. MCMAHON III RACHELLE MCPHERSON KENNETH J. MEEHAN JOHN G. MEETING STACIE A. MILAVEC KELLY E. MOKAY JASON T. MORAREND MARCY M. MORLOCK BRENT A. OLDE RANDY L. PANKE ANTHONY M. RABAIOTTI JANEL B. ROSSETTO WILLIAM R. SCHEELER STEVEN D. SCHUTT DOUGLAS P. SCHWEIKHART ROBERT P. SENKO ELIZABETH SMITH BRUCE H. THOMPSON ERIN R. WILFONG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
WILLIAM M. ANDERSON YASIR F. BAHRANI CECILIA M. BROWN DEA L. BRUEGGEMEYER AMY L. BRYER KATHLEEN D. BUSS SHERRY A. CARAVEO JAMES T. CORBETT BART M. CRAGEN MATTHEW C. DART JEFFREY A. DRAUDE NICOLE C. EISENBERG KRISTI E. ERICKSON PATRICK J. FOX, JR. BRIAN J. GUERRIERI BROOK W. JONES BYUNG J. JOO JOHN J. NEAL IAN M. J. VALECRUZ DAVID S. WELDON JEFFREY R. WESSEL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
MARIA A. ALAVANJA TERRENCE D. ANDERSON CHRISTOPHER M. ANDREWS STEVEN R. BANKS MICHAEL J. BARRY RICHARD L. BECKER DEIRDRE A. BELL CURT A. BERGSTROM KASINA J. BLEVINS JASON B. BLITZ ROGER BOODOO WESLEY D. BOOSE NORMAN Y. BRIONES CAROL L. BUDZIK KEVIN A. BYRD MARIO J. CARDOSO ROBERT N. CLAPP MAX A. CLARK II JUSTIN M. COX TRAVIS G. DEATON MARK R. DEBUSE JAMES G. DEMITRACK JOY U. DIERKS TAI A. DO RODERICK H. DOSS BENJAMIN J. DRINKWINE JONATHAN N. ELLIOT DANIEL P. ELLIOTT OCTAVIANO ESPINOSA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.007 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5563 July 23, 2015 
SAMUEL G. ESPIRITU 
MICHAEL C. FLANAGAN IAN M. FOWLER WARREN K. FREY MARCIA L. FRYE JACOB J. GLASER JASON A. GORDON 
WENDY T. GORDON DANIEL J. GRABO, JR. THANH D. HOANG ASHLEY E. HUMPHRIES DONALD W. HURST MARK D. JOHNSON GRANT A. KIDD JENNIFER F. M. KLIMPEL THAD D. KLIMPEL BRIAN S. KNIPP RICHARD A. KOCH ROBERT J. KRAUSE JOHN T. LANDERS MARK F. LUND MONICA A. LUTGENDORF DAVID M. MANN 
MERLE B. MARTIN JAMES MASTERSON JACQUELINE C. MCDOWELL MICHAEL G. MERCADO ANIS MILADI ALICEA M. MINGO 
JOHN D. MOORE NICOLAS B. MOYADELPINO JOSEPH A. NELLIS CAMERON J. L. NELSON WILLIAM B. NGUYEN KATE E. OLIVER MARIUSZ A. OLSZEWSKI CHARLES J. OSIER, JR. CHRISTOPHER R. OXNER MICHELLE A. PERKINS GREGORY R. POMICTER TODD A. QUACKENBUSH ALBIN S. QUIKO JAMES C. RAPLEY III JENNIFER M. REEM JUNEWAI L. REOMA 
DUSTIN J. ROBERTS JASON H. ROCKWOOD JESSE J. ROHLOFF OMAR SAEED MARK R. SEIGH ROBERT G. SHEU 
WAYNE R. SMITH STEPHEN J. STAUB HUNTER S. STOLLDORF BRIAN D. TERRIEN JOSEPH B. THIES ELLIE L. VENTURA MICHAEL L. VILLARROEL SARAH A. VILLARROEL RICHARD J. WACLAWSKI LESLIE A. WALDMAN PATRICK D. WEBB DENISE A. WHITFIELD GEOFFREY W. WILSON TAMARA J. WORLTON VINCENT A. I. ZIZAK 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A23JY6.008 S23JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1111 July 23, 2015 
IN HONOR OF THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE WELLES DEC-LARATION 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 75th anniversary of the Welles Dec-laration. 
Issued on July 23, 1940, by United States 
Under Secretary of State Sumner Welles, this declaration condemned the Soviet Union’s ag-gression against, and annexation of, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. 
This strong statement was the first an-
nouncement of the historic policy of non-rec-ognition that was pivotal to empowering the resistance by democratic movements behind the Iron Curtain. 
Until the restoration of their independence, 
the United States maintained strong support for the freedom of these Baltic States and their people. 
Mr. Speaker, at this particular moment in 
history, I believe this anniversary holds even more significance. 
History has a way of repeating itself Mr. 
Speaker, and as we see aggressive military campaigns seeking to illegally gain dominance over nations’ sovereign territory, we must have the same courage of our predecessors to stand against tyranny and support those who yearn for democracy, freedom, and independ-ence. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to remember the 
role our nation had 75 years ago supporting Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania in their aspira-tions for freedom, and commend those nations today for their commitment to democratic gov-ernance, their contributions to NATO, and the critical role they each play in promoting demo-cratic ideals worldwide. 
f 
HONORING BILL TOWNSEND 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Bill Townsend, who will be ninety- nine years old on August 13, 2015, for his many years of service to Mendocino County. 
Since 1947, Mr. Townsend has dedicated 
his time, talent, and energy to the health of our forests and rivers, and to the youth of Mendocino County. A lifelong sportsman, Mr. Townsend has demonstrated an enduring commitment to preserving our natural re-sources for future generations. For sixty years, he has volunteered his time, beginning with his work at the Iron Gate Fish Hatchery in 1955. His contributions have included every-thing from fish ladders, Pike Minnow Derbies, stream restoration projects, and 43 years of grilling fish at the ‘‘World’s Largest Salmon 
Barbeque’’ in Fort Bragg, California, which raises funds for fisheries. 
With his dedication to fish habitat restora-
tion, it was fitting that in 1973 the Mendocino County Board of Supervisors appointed Bill to the Mendocino County Fish and Game Com-mission where he served as chairman for 15 years until he retired in 1988. Throughout his tenure on the commission, Mr. Townsend worked tirelessly to support healthy fisheries and integrate youth education into the Com-mission’s projects. 
Mr. Townsend served as president of Salm-
on Unlimited for three years starting in 1991, where he played an instrumental role in the development of the hatchery on Rowdy Creek on the Smith River. Included in his legacy of accomplishments is his work to secure the fish hatchery at Coyote Dam, which was com-pleted in 1996 and renamed the ‘‘Bill Town-send Fish Hatchery’’ in 2004. He also served his community on the Russian River Flood Control Board for five years from 2005–2010, ‘‘retiring’’ at the age of 97. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting to honor and thank 
Bill Townsend for his many years of dedicated service. I am privileged to express deep ap-preciation to Mr. Townsend for his profound impacts on our rivers and convey to him my best wishes on his ninety-ninth birthday. 
f 
TRIBUTE FOR CONNIE NEAL 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to a leader in the fight against drug abuse in Kentucky, Ms. Connie Neal, upon her upcoming retirement from the Administration Office of the Courts, as the Drug Court General Manager for Kentucky. 
Connie Neal received her Bachelor’s De-
gree in Social Work from Morehead State Uni-versity in 1985 and a Master’s Degree from the University of Kentucky in 1992. She has more than 22 years of experience in the field, ranging from working with court committed ju-venile offenders, to the dually diagnosed men-tally ill, to Child Protective Services, to Drug Courts. Since the inception of the Kentucky Drug Court Department in 1996, Connie has dedicated her career to this life-changing pro-gram, working her way up through the ranks and taking the helm as General Manager in 2012. Thanks in large part to her leadership, more than 7,000 participants have success-fully completed the program, more than 1,000 babies have been born drug free, $5.3 million in child support has been collected, and $5.7 million court obligations have been paid. Today, Kentucky has more than 54 Adult Drug Courts, 5 Veteran Treatment Courts, one Men-tal Health Court, as well as one DUI Court. It is her sheer courage and conviction to provide individuals with a second chance in their dark-est hour that has driven her efforts to expand 
services in the Commonwealth. 
In addition to her tireless efforts for Ken-
tucky Drug Courts, Connie has conducted workshops for the National Association of Drug Court Professionals, the Kentucky School of Alcohol and Other Drug Studies, the Department of Vocational Rehabilitation and Community Corrections and countless other partners and stakeholders impacted by the na-tional drug abuse epidemic. 
Connie’s passion and drive to help addicts 
achieve long-term recovery has been instru-mental to the growth and success of Drug Courts across the Commonwealth. In fact, she has developed an expertise in training judges, teams and staff in nearly every county, helping each leader confront the daily challenges of Drug Court with tremendous grace. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the incredible impact that Connie Neal has made in the efficiency and effectiveness of Drug Courts in Kentucky, evi-denced by the thousands of individuals who have been reunited with loved ones and are now living as productive, drug-free citizens of the Commonwealth. May her years of retire-ment be richly blessed. 
f 
CELEBRATING SHAPIRO & COM-
PANY’S 100 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. JOHN P. SARBANES 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Samuel Shapiro & Company, Inc., a Customs brokerage and freight for-warding firm in Baltimore, on 100 years of service to the international trade community. 
In 1915, Samuel Shapiro, a newly licensed 
Customs House broker, opened a one-room office at 29 S Gay Street with a $5 roll top desk and two employees. He built his com-pany on a foundation of integrity, respect and the ability to create change. During World War I, Samuel’s young firm managed the U.S. gov-ernment’s grain exports to war-torn European countries out of the Port of Baltimore. As busi-ness expanded internationally, Shapiro & Co. earned a reputation as the most trustworthy shipping firm in Baltimore. Samuel became an influential leader in the expansion of the Port and advocated for an autonomous Maryland Port Authority. Samuel’s son, Sigmund, strengthened the company’s relationship with government officials at the local, state and na-tional level, becoming a voice for the industry on regulation. 
More than a family business, Shapiro & Co. 
is a family that cares for its own and its com-munity. Samuel began the tradition of philan-thropy early. At the close of his first full year of business, and having made a modest profit of $50, he gave 20% to the American Jewish Relief Fund. That spirit of generosity has con-tinued with the deep community involvement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY8.001 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1112 July 23, 2015 
of Sig and Barbara Shapiro and the next gen-
eration leadership of Samuel’s granddaughter, Marjorie. Shapiro & Co. sponsors a logistics class at the University of Baltimore Business School, consults with nonprofit organizations pro bono, matches its employees’ charitable contributions and helps its employees’ children pay for college. With annual retreats and crab feasts, birthday celebrations, and a company cookbook, the people at Shapiro & Co. enjoy the time they spend together. It is little wonder that Shapiro is consistently ranked one of the top places to work in Baltimore. 
Over the last century, Shapiro & Co. has 
managed not only to adapt to new challenges but to flourish. Its offices now reach from New York to Georgia, but Shapiro continues to value the same old-fashioned customer serv-ice established at Sam’s roll-top desk in 1915. I thank Shapiro & Co. for 100 years of dedica-tion to its customers, care for its employees, and leadership in its community, and I look forward to the 100 years to come. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF H.R. 3175, THE 
ASSURING CONTRACTING EQUITY ACT 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, today I am 
proud to introduce H.R. 3175, the Assuring Contracting Equity Act. 
This legislation promotes economic develop-
ment for many of the small businesses and communities that were hit the hardest by our country’s recession and are still struggling to recover. 
As I tour small businesses in my district, I 
am constantly reminded of the critical contribu-tion they make to our communities. But too often our small businesses can’t access or are unable to take advantage of federal con-tracting opportunities. By raising the con-tracting goal, the government will need to be more proactive in its outreach to small busi-nesses. More contracts will help small busi-nesses grow and hire more workers, empow-ering them to continue to give back to our communities. 
The Assuring Contracting Equity Act will ex-
pand opportunities for small businesses to se-cure contracts with the federal government; particularly businesses owned by women, vet-erans, and minorities. The bill also provides in-creased access to government contracts for small businesses located in economically dis-tressed areas known as Historically Underuti-lized Business Zones, or HUBZones. 
In addition, the ACE Act improves account-
ability and transparency by requiring the Small Business Administration to report the percent-age of all federal contracting dollars that are awarded to small businesses as well as direct agencies to prioritize large contractors that maximize subcontracts to small businesses. 
In my district and across the country, small 
business owners are striving to succeed. The Assuring Contracting Equity Act could redirect an additional $10 billion in business every year to the nation’s smallest companies, giving entrepreneurs the potential to expand their businesses and continue creating jobs and growing our economy. I look forward to working with my colleagues 
on the Assuring Contracting Equity Act to pro-vide a greater opportunity for success to the small businesses that deserve it the most. 
f 
THE UNFOLDING CRISIS IN 
BURUNDI 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, a 
hearing that I convened yesterday was ex-tremely timely, as events are unfolding in real time in Burundi—a small nation that is often overlooked by the international community, in-cluding those of us here in Congress. 
Many are familiar with the horrific genocidal 
violence that gripped Rwanda in the 1990s, as Hutu and Tutsi butchered each other in parox-ysms of ethnic hatred. 
Few know, however, that Burundi also went 
through a protracted Tutsi versus Hutu ethnic struggle that also amounted to genocide in the 1990s. 
Few know that Burundi, without much fan-
fare and without the largess that the inter-national community showered upon Rwanda, overcame its divisive civil war and, following a peace brokered by Nelson Mandela solem-nized in the Arusha Accords of 2000, has sought to heal the wounds of the past and re-build a nation. 
Today, however, this peace is under the 
threat of unraveling. The sitting President of Burundi, Pierre Nkurunziza, in apparent defi-ance of the term limits set forth in the Arusha Accords and memorialized in the Constitution, is seeking a third term. While the constitutional issue is complex and unsettled, the rising po-litical violence and tension—not to mention the roughly 160,000 people displaced and seeking refuge in neighboring countries—is easy to un-derstand, and serves as a canary in the coal mine. 
Now there is a window of opportunity for ac-
tion, where immediate and sustained attention can prevent the situation from escalating out of control. 
As in the case of the Central African Repub-
lic, over which we held two critical hearings in the last Congress, timely attention and tar-geted intervention can stop an incipient con-flict from metastasizing. Burundi is now ap-proaching a tipping point, though it has yet to topple over. 
There is still time, and we in Congress have 
a role to play in sounding the alarm and prod-ding the administration to take action, followed by oversight. We also need to avoid the temp-tation to be penny wise and pound foolish. As several of our witnesses explain, by spending a small amount to further democracy and gov-ernance efforts in fragile states such as Bu-rundi, we can avoid much greater cost down the road—and I mean not simply the dollar- and-cents expense of humanitarian interven-tions, but more importantly, in terms of blood lost and lives shattered. 
In Burundi, the administration must do more. 
While often-lonely voices such as that of Samantha Power have called attention to the need for atrocity prevention, too often the ad-ministration policy has been one of, if not ma-lign neglect, then certainly non-benign neglect. We saw this, for example, in the foot-drag-
ging that accompanied the appointment of a Special Envoy for the Great Lakes Region. In January of this year, then-Special Envoy Russ Feingold announced that he was stepping down. I called on the administration to find a replacement as soon as possible, as the circle of violence was beginning to widen in Burundi. 
In May, for example, I stated that a failure 
to do so signaled a ‘‘disengagement when lives are at stake.’’ I was afraid that we would see a repeat of the administration’s inaction with respect to the Middle East, where to date it has yet to appoint a Special Envoy to Pro-mote Religious Freedom of Religious Minori-ties in the Near East and South Central Asia, despite Congress having created that position last August—almost one year ago. 
At the beginning of this month, however, the 
administration finally appointed a Special Envoy. 
In 2012, the administration, to much fanfare, 
created an Atrocities Prevention Board, fol-lowing a Presidential Study directive which stated that ‘‘Preventing mass atrocities and genocide is a core national security interest and a core moral responsibility of the United States.’’ The APB is supposed to provide early warning of mass atrocities, and mobilize inter-agency resources to stop such atrocities. 
In Burundi, we can still make a difference. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FORMER OHIO 
CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
tribute to my friend, mentor and predecessor, former Congressman Louis Stokes. Earlier this week the world learned of his cancer diag-nosis. 
When the Congressman first told me about 
his condition, I didn’t know quite what to say. He had still been out, attending events and doing things. He never stops. It is easy to think he is immortal. Because he is a fighter. For more than 30 years, he tirelessly fought for the people of Ohio, and he is still fighting today. The first African American elected to Congress from Ohio, Congressman Stokes is the epitome of a public servant. 
While in Washington, he was a trailblazer. 
He was the first African American to serve on the powerful House Appropriations Committee, and was a founder of the CBC Health Braintrust. He constantly fought to combat per-vasive health disparities plaguing the African- American community and served as a voice for people of color and all of our nation’s most vulnerable. 
Congressman Stokes once said, ‘‘I’m going 
to keep on denouncing the inequities of this system, but I’m going to work within it. To go outside the system would be to deny myself— to deny my own existence.’’ His work has af-fected thousands. There is no one in Wash-ington that does not know the name Louis Stokes, and no one who was not touched in some way by his work and his kindness. 
He is always a gentleman, someone who 
made you feel good about being represented by him or just being in his company. When he speaks, people listen. Congressman Stokes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY8.004 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1113 July 23, 2015 
exudes leadership, vision, and purpose. He’s 
a giant of a man, an example for us all. It is a privilege to work with him and walk in his Congressional footsteps. 
Thank you, Congressman Louis Stokes for 
everything you have done. The nation is in-debted to you. We are grateful for your serv-ice. As you continue to battle this diagnosis, my thoughts and prayers are with you, your family and your doctors. Let us all continue to uplift and encourage the Stokes family. 
f 
HONORING LOU LENART 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Lou Lenart, a hero to both the United States and Israel, who passed away July 20, 2015 at the age of 94. Today we re-member Lou for his service in the Marines during World War II as well as in the Israel Air Force in 1948 when he was dubbed ‘‘The Man Who Saved Tel Aviv.’’ 
Lou Lenart was born in 1921 to Jewish 
farmers in a small village in Hungary. When Lenart was 10, his family moved to the United States to escape widespread anti-Semitism. Sadly, he and his family were subjected to anti-Semitic taunting in his new home of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. At 17, Lenart en-listed in the U.S. Marine Corps where he fought in World War II and won the Gold Star flying in Okinawa. In 1948 Lenart became one of the first members of Israel’s budding Air Force, which at that time had just four Czech- built German Messerschmitt fighter planes. 
On May 29, 1948, Egyptian forces of about 
500 vehicles were closing in on Tel Aviv, threatening the very existence of the two-week old state of Israel. Israeli commanders decided to risk all four planes to attack the advance. 
As the most experienced pilot in the group 
(and in fact the only pilot with combat experi-ence), Lenart led the attack, with future Presi-dent Ezer Weizman as his wingman. Stunned by the sight of bona fide Israeli fighter planes, the Egyptians stopped their advance and were forced to retreat. Lenart’s key role in this mis-sion earned him the title, in many news re-ports, as ‘‘The Man Who Saved Tel Aviv.’’ Lenart later told the IAF journal, ‘‘It was the most important event in my life . . . I survived World War II so I could lead this mission.’’ 
Following the war, Lenart helped in airlifting 
Iraqi Jews to Israel in Operation Ezra and Ne-hemiah. He also became a pilot for El Al Air-lines and spent time living in Southern Cali-fornia, where he produced six feature films in-cluding Iron Eagle and Iron Eagle II. 
Lou Lenart’s legacy will live on in both Israel 
and the United States. He fought in our armed services to protect our freedom, and then risked his life again for Israel in its vulnerable and early stages. His life and story are an in-spiration for those seeking hope and strength in the face of persecution. I send my sincerest condolences to his family. HONORING THE ‘‘EASTLAND’’ 
DISASTER 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the victims of the Eastland disaster—a 
shipwreck which resulted in the deaths of 844 passengers and crew—on the 100th anniver-sary of the tragedy. 
One hundred years ago, thousands of em-
ployees of Western Electric were preparing for a rare day off of work, taking a boat ride across Lake Michigan to enjoy an annual pic-nic. Tragically, for 844 passengers and crew on the Eastland , their vessel listed and tipped 
over, and they soon drowned in the Chicago River. Many were immigrants from Central and Eastern Europe, living in Berwyn, Cicero, and the surrounding Chicagoland area, and their loss left an enduring mark on these commu-nities—22 families were completely wiped out, and 19 families were left without parents. I will always remember my grandmother talking about the tragedy and the mark it left on her. 
The Eastland shipwreck remains to this day 
the greatest loss of life in a single disaster in Illinois history. It is a shame that the victims and heroes of the Eastland disaster have 
been largely forgotten by the American peo-ple. That is why I have introduced a resolution commemorating the Eastland . I believe it is 
absolutely necessary that we here in Con-gress pay our respects to the working class families who lost their lives on that terrible summer day. Along with honoring the victims and survivors of the disaster, my resolution in-cludes references to the historical significance of the sinking of the Eastland and recognizes 
the brave first responders who risked their own lives to save hundreds of passengers and crew. 
I would like to thank my colleagues from Illi-
nois for cosponsoring this measure. I think it is also important to commend the hard work that the Eastland Disaster Historical Society 
has done in researching, promoting, and edu-cating the public about this important historical event, and its broader effect on Chicagoland. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to remem-
ber the victims and heroes of the Eastland dis-
aster, and to remain dedicated to avoiding such tragedies in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE DOWN-
TOWN FLINT OPTIMIST CLUB ON ITS 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing The Downtown Flint Optimist Club on the occasion of their 80th anniversary. 
Optimist International is a worldwide volun-
teer organization made up of more than 2,500 local Clubs whose members work each day to make the future brighter by bringing out the best in children, in their communities, and in themselves. 
The Optimist Club of Downtown Flint was 
chartered in 1934. It is believed to be the sec-ond oldest Optimist Club in Michigan. Since its 
inception, the Optimist Club of Downtown Flint has organized several other Optimist Clubs in the Flint area. The Club currently meets at the Flint Golf Club, but historically has met in the Durant Hotel, Italia Gardens, and the Sarvis Center. 
The Optimist Club of Downtown Flint’s mis-
sion is to foster an optimistic way of life for the improvement of individuals and society through a network of Optimists dedicated to ever-expanding service to its members, the youth, the community and the world. 
The Club’s projects and service programs 
over the years are copious. To name only a few, the Optimist Club of Downtown Flint has been in partnership with Boys & Girls Club, Whaley Children’s Center, The Salvation Army, and Big Brothers Big Sisters. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud The Downtown Flint 
Optimist Club and extend my deepest appre-ciation to them for their years of service to the community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. L EROY JOSEPH 
JONES, SR. 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-
leagues here in the House of Representatives to join me as I rise to pay tribute to Mr. LeRoy Joseph Jones, Sr., and the many contributions he made as a dedicated public servant in the State of New Jersey. 
Born and raised in Orange, New Jersey, Mr. 
Jones had an extensive career in public serv-ice and worked tirelessly to improve the lives of the residents in his community. After grad-uating from Orange Public Schools in 1953, Mr. Jones enlisted in the United States Navy in 1954 and served his country honorably for 12 years. Following his military service, Mr. Jones earned an Associate Degree in Urban Studies from Essex County College. In 1972, he attended the Community Action Training In-stitute at Rutgers University and later earned a Bachelor’s Degree in Urban Studies at Shaw University in Raleigh, North Carolina. 
As a trailblazer, he served as President of 
New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic As-sociation and Board 33 Referee Association, where he became the first African American President in the history of both organizations. He was appointed by Governor Brendan Byrne in 1980 to serve on the State of NJ Pa-role Board Juvenile Panel from 1980–1983. Mr. Jones achieved another first, when he served as senior hearing officer on the State of New Jersey Parole Board. Some of his other accomplishments included Director of the Fellowship Civic Center in East Orange, Assistant Director of Recreation for the City of Orange, Acting Director of the Orange Com-munity Development Program, member of the Orange Chamber of Commerce, Board of Trustee for the East Orange Neighborhood Development Corporation, Coach of the East Orange Tigers, and member of the manage-ment board for the YMCA of Orange. 
His commitment to public service has 
changed many lives throughout the state. His contributions were recognized by numerous organizations such as the National Council of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY8.007 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1114 July 23, 2015 
Juvenile and Family Court Judges, the Na-
tional District Attorney’s Association, NJ State Interscholastic Athletic Association and the American Correctional Association. 
He was a devoted man that showed his love 
for his family and his community through his actions. My thoughts and prayers are with Mr. LeRoy Jones, Sr.’s family. He is survived by his beloved wife Rosan Jones, his four chil-dren LeRoy Joseph Jones, Jr., Leanne Jack-son, Leisa Tynes-Merriweather and Lisa Jones, his 11 grandchildren, 5 great-grand-children, two brothers and two sisters, and a host of other relatives and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, I know my fellow members of 
the House of Representatives agree that Mr. LeRoy Joseph Jones, Sr. deserves to be rec-ognized for a job well done and for his many years of service to the citizens of the State of New Jersey. This tribute recognizes his life’s work, his stellar career and his personal com-mitment to improving the lives of his fellow man. 
f 
HONORING BEHAILU ASSEFA 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I submit the 
following Proclamation: 
Whereas, friends, colleagues, and the Ethio-
pian Community and Cultural Center wish to acknowledge a hard-working, beloved, and in-tegral supporter of California’s Ethiopian com-munity; 
Whereas, Behailu Assefa has been an ac-
tive cultural and business leader on the local, state, and national level; and 
Whereas, Behailu served as the President 
of the Ethiopian Community and Cultural Cen-ter since its founding in 2001, he has also served as the President of the Ethiopian Com-munity in Minneapolis, was President of the Ethiopian Sports Federation of North America and was a member of the Oakland and City of Bahir Dar Sister City Program; and 
Whereas, as the founder ASC Engineering 
Services, Behailu has provided professional certification of electrical products and served clients spanning over 4 continents and 40 states over the span of 20 years; and 
Whereas, as founder of Terra Global Energy 
Developers, Behailu has utilized the experi-ences of Ethiopian American Diaspora and their ingenuity to introduce a new wind energy project to the Ethiopian government; and 
Whereas, as the co-founder of Global Enter-
prise Engineering, Behailu has expanded the global presence of his company to Germany, Taiwan, China, Ethiopia, and Senegal; and therefore be it now 
Resolved, that I, Congressman J
OHN 
GARAMENDI , of California’s 3rd District, do 
hereby recognize the exemplary service of Behailu Assefa, and encourage all to join me in celebrating him in his lifetime of achieve-ments. THANKING FIRST RESPONDERS 
AND VOLUNTEERS FOR THEIR SERVICE AFTER A DEVASTATING TORNADO 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank the first responders and volunteers who have been working tirelessly in Cameron, Illi-nois after an EF2 tornado devastated this small town in my district. While the storm caused widespread property damage and sev-eral injuries, the good people from across the region who rushed to Cameron to help give me hope that this community will rebuild and become stronger than ever. 
First responders and volunteers stepped in 
at a time of great need and continue to pro-vide safety, material assistance and comfort to the good people of Cameron. They came from all over the region bringing bottled water, tarps and even homemade blueberry pies to help this town of 600 people get back on its feet after 125 mile per hour winds tore through it last week. 
I spoke with many families who were af-
fected by the tornado, and there was a recur-ring theme that resonated with me: Cameron was bent, not broken. With over 50 homes damaged, community members and other helpers have been working tirelessly to sup-port these families and straighten out all the bends brought upon them by this disaster. 
Mr. Speaker, my heart goes out to all the 
families this terrible tornado impacted and I am grateful for the brave and generous first responders and volunteers who pour their time, energy, and love into helping Cameron recover. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE WEST-
MINSTER PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF BAY CITY ON THEIR 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Westminster Presbyterian Church in Bay City, Michigan, on the occasion of their 150th anniversary. 
Westminster’s sacred story began on Au-
gust 23, 1865, when 15 members organized a new Presbyterian Church in the Village of Wenona. On the same day a cornerstone was laid for a house of worship on two lots do-nated by Henry W. Sage on Catherine St. The house of worship for ‘‘The First Presbyterian Society of the Township of Bangor’’ was com-pleted and dedicated on December 3, 1865 under the leadership of Missionary Donald B Campbell. 
His mission complete, Rev. Campbell left in 
1868 and Rev. Elihu Turney Sanford became the first ordained minister of the new church. Westminster has been privileged to be led by a number of very capable leaders over the 
past 150 years, to include our current minister Rev. Matthew Schramm, who had the honor of serving as a guest chaplain for the U.S. House of Representatives in the summer of 2014. 
In 1872, the name of the church was 
changed to the ‘‘First Presbyterian Church of Wenona’’, and finally in 1882 to ‘‘Westminster Presbyterian Church.’’ Also in 1882 plans were drawn for a new worship facility. Once again Henry W. Sage came forward and do-nated four lots on Midland St where the church is presently located. On Christmas Day in 1883, the congregation worshipped in their new semi-gothic style church. 
In 1958, ground was broken for a new Fel-
lowship Hall, classrooms and a kitchen, and in 1969 the congregation endorsed a building program for the existing Sanctuary with formal dedication ceremonies in September 1970. In 2015, Westminster will begin its next 150 years with a campaign to update the facility for future generations. 
The congregation has been active in min-
istry and service for 150 years. From working in USO activities, collecting metal for scrap drives, and sending care packages to service-men during the war years, to hosting literacy programs for children and adults, serving free hot meals to those in need, and providing quality Christian education for all ages today, Westminster is well known in Bay City for its community focus. The church is proud to have been a charter organization for the Boy Scouts for over 50 years, and to open its doors for programs ranging from job training for special needs young adults to music and theatre re-hearsal, and to provide meeting space for countless community organizations. 
Westminster has been a proud partner with 
the Good Samaritan Rescue Mission in Bay City since its inception. Not only has the church been an annual supporter during each of the mission’s ten years of operation, it was instrumental in the construction and opening of the men’s wing of the mission in 2008. In 2015 Westminster helped sponsor the mis-sion’s annual Golf Challenge Fund Raiser, which earned a near record $73,000 to pro-vide a place of hope and care for the needy in and around Bay City. 
Westminster actively supports missions in 
Niger, India, Zambia, Thailand, and the Middle East, while also supporting disaster relief ef-forts throughout the world. Both pastors and members of the congregation have assumed an active role in leading the Lake Huron Pres-bytery and the Presbyterian Church (USA) General Assembly. 
Through partnering with quality programs 
and organizations, sharing fellowship and service, inspiring teaching and worship, and outwardly-focused and selfless mission, West-minster seeks to further its own legacy of hope and care in Bay City since 1865, and looks forward to the next 150 years serving God and humanity, sharing the love of Jesus through faith, hope and love, with an open and genuine spirit. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the work done by 
the Westminster Presbyterian Church in Bay City and thank them for the service they have provided to the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K23JY8.012 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1115 July 23, 2015 
NATURAL GROCERS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Natural Grocers efforts to promote healthy eating through their free edu-cational outreach over the last 60 years. I’m happy to announce Governor Hickenlooper will proclaim August 13, 2015 as ‘‘Natural Grocers Day’’ in Colorado. 
Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage was 
founded by Margaret and Phillip Isely and is based in Lakewood, Colorado. In 2015, they were recognized as the 11th fastest growing Colorado public company. Their mission is to provide shoppers with an affordable, healthy lifestyle as well as empower them to take con-trol of their own wellbeing. 
Not only does Natural Grocers supply Colo-
radans with healthy food options, they also provide customers personalized nutrition infor-mation to help them meet their nutritional goals. Since 1995, Natural Grocers has of-fered Coloradans free science-based nutrition education programs with the creation of their Nutritional Health Coach program. Their health coaches organize nutritional outreach pro-grams to numerous schools and businesses, as well as hold in-store cooking demonstra-tions and nutrition classes. Additionally, I regu-larly hold my ‘‘Government in the Grocery’’ events at Natural Grocers stores around my district. These events give me the opportunity to visit with constituents in their communities on topics ranging from veterans issues, the economy and jobs to foreign policy. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to congratu-
late Natural Grocers for their accomplishment in promoting healthy eating through edu-cational outreach and I commend them for their dedication to providing extraordinary services to Colorado customers. I wish Natural Grocers all the best in their next 60 years of operation. 
f 
FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF DODD- 
FRANK ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 22, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking 
Member W ATERS of the Financial Services 
Committee for leading today’s important dis-cussion on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act. 
Earlier this week, House Democrats recog-
nized the 5th anniversary of Dodd-Frank—the most sweeping financial regulatory reform in the United States since the 1930s. 
Signed into law by President Obama on July 
21, 2010, Dodd-Frank has changed—for the better—the way consumers, investors, and other market participants interact with our fi-nancial system. 
It has provided oversight to Wall Street, giv-
ing regulators the tools to end the era of ‘‘too big to fail’’ entities and outrageous taxpayer bailouts, and has eliminated loopholes that al-lowed risky and abusive practices to go unno-ticed and unregulated. But how did we get here? 
Five years ago, Dodd-Frank was enacted in 
the wake of profound economic devastation as our nation was reeling from the impact of the 2008 financial crisis. 
Millions of Americans suffered job loss, 
many small businesses closed down, fore-closures skyrocketed, the stock market suf-fered large drops, and a looming repeat of the Great Depression was feared. 
Specifically, in the six months before Presi-
dent Obama took office in February 2009, our economy lost a total of nearly 4 million private sector jobs—an unimaginable average of 650,000 jobs per month. 
Nearly $13 trillion in economic growth and 
$16 trillion in household wealth simply dis-appeared while close to 9 million individuals were displaced from their homes. 
2008 was truly one of the lowest economic 
points in U.S. history. 
Yet, the American people weathered this 
storm and Congressional Democrats took ac-tion by passing legislation to restore responsi-bility and accountability in our financial sys-tem, and to give Americans confidence that we were putting the tools in place to avoid an-other economic crisis. 
In fact, since Dodd-Frank’s passage in July 
2010, the American economy has experienced vast improvement in private sector job growth with nearly 12 million jobs added; a lower un-employment rate, to 5.3 percent from the peak of 10.0 percent in October 2009, and a recov-ering housing market. 
Indeed, because of Dodd-Frank, financial 
regulators are now empowered to identify and address risks to our financial system through increased monitoring and stricter rules for our nation’s biggest banks in a timely way. 
Dodd-Frank also provided new authority to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which, since 2011, has recovered more than $9.3 billion in civil fines and penalties de-spite Republicans’ repeated budget cuts to the agency. 
Like all comprehensive reform bills, how-
ever, Dodd-Frank is not perfect. 
There are a few areas that I believe can be 
improved. 
Nonetheless, it is important that we do not 
let the perfect be the enemy of the good. 
I believe we also have a responsibility to 
build upon and improve this legislation when needed. 
One area of concern for many stakeholders 
in my district, and across the country, is the manner in which Dodd-Frank requires the Federal Reserve to subject bank holding com-panies with more than $50 billion in consoli-dated assets to enhanced regulatory super-vision. 
However, if we are to subject smaller, re-
gional bank holding companies to the same or similar supervisory requirements, then we should do so in a way that balances our na-tion’s financial stability without placing exces-sive burdens on non-systemically important in-stitutions by using a more deliberative assets- and-activities-based test should be considered in determining the ‘‘systemic importance’’ of bank holding companies. 
Earlier this month, Chair Yellen testified that 
she was open to raising a threshold for deter-mining a bank’s systemic importance. 
I look forward to working with her on this 
issue and African-American job growth efforts. 
This is at the top of my priority list for im-
proving Dodd-Frank. Another area of concern for me lies in the 
development of diversity assessment stand-ards under Section 342 of Dodd-Frank, also known as OMWI. 
Though Section 342 is not very long, it is a 
very significant step in the effort to improve the hiring of women and minorities in the fi-nancial services industry in which these groups remain woefully underrepresented. 
However, due to misinterpretations of con-
gressional intent, I am concerned that after five years the federal financial regulators have not developed standards requiring the disclo-sure of diversity data, which would provide much needed transparency to this industry re-garding the promotion of diversity in its work-place. 
Like my congressional colleagues here 
today, I celebrate substantial achievements of Dodd-Frank and look forward to working to-gether to find the appropriate tweaks to further facilitate its positive lasting effects on the fi-nancial markets and for consumers far beyond this five-year anniversary. 
In order to continue being a successful na-
tion, we must capitalize on our diversity and tackle the inequality in wage and job growth in African-American communities. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. WANE A. 
HAILES 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and commend an outstanding citizen and respected community leader, Mr. Wane A. Hailes, President and Publisher of the Courier/Eco Latino, Columbus, Georgia’s premier African-American and Latino news-paper. The Courier/Eco Latino will be cele-brating ten years of providing the Tri-City Area of Columbus, Georgia, Fort Benning, Georgia, and Phenix City, Alabama with positive, high quality information. In celebration of this spe-cial milestone, the Courier/Eco Latino will be hosting the 2015 Community Service Awards on Saturday, July 25, 2015 at the Columbus Convention and Trade Center in Columbus, Georgia. 
Wane A. Hailes was born in Richmond, Vir-
ginia and grew up in Portsmouth, New Hamp-shire; New Brunswick, New Jersey; Clifton Forge, Virginia; and Charlottesville, Virginia. In 1979, Wane graduated from Ottawa University in Ottawa, Kansas. He then served for fifteen years as Director of the YMCA in Missouri, Wisconsin, Florida, and North Carolina. In 1990, the Chattahoochee Valley gained a pas-sionate and dedicated community leader when Wane A. Hailes arrived in Columbus, Georgia to serve as the CEO of the A.J. McClung YMCA. 
With thirty-one years of radio and news-
paper experience in cumulative sales, mar-keting, and public relations, Wane became a driving force in the Columbus media. He worked for the minority-owned radio station, Davis Broadcasting Inc., as an on-air person-ality and sales consultant. He then worked at the Columbus Ledger-Enquirer as the Real Estate, Employment and Automotive Sales Consultant, before working at the minority- owned Columbus Times as Vice President of Advertising and Sales. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K23JY8.015 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1116 July 23, 2015 
In March 2005, Wane founded the Courier/ 
Eco Latino, a bi-weekly publication with a cir-culation of 15,000 dedicated to acting as ‘‘the voice of the people.’’ It is published in English and Spanish and remains the only bilingual publication in the Tri-City area. 
Wane’s goal in founding the Courier/Eco 
Latino was to provide his readers with real stories about the African-American and Latino experience in Columbus. He continued to tell those stories in his book, A View from a Pew, a thoughtful examination of African-American life and culture in the South. 
As well as receiving local recognition for his 
work, Wane received the prestigious Georgia Minority Small Business Champion Award and the Region IV Minority Small Business Cham-pion Award from the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration in 2007. 
Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You 
make your living by what you get; you make your life by what you give.’’ Not only has Wane established a legacy of multicultural journalism in Columbus, Georgia, but he has also done a tremendous job of giving back to the city, and I am very grateful for his tireless advocacy to make the community stronger. A man of great integrity, his efforts, his dedica-tion, and his expertise in his field are unparal-leled. 
There are not enough words to describe the 
impact that Wane A. Hailes has had on the Af-rican-American and Latino communities of Co-lumbus. Not only does he care about each member of these communities, but he also works tirelessly to unite them through the Cou-rier/Eco Latino newspaper. I am very grateful to Wane for his efforts to improve this diverse community. 
No hay suficientes palabras para describir el 
impacto que Wane A. Hailes ha tenido sobre las comunidades afroamericanas y latinas de Columbus. No solo le importa la vida de cada uno de los miembros de estas comunidades, pero trabaja incansablemente para unirlos a trave´s del perio ´dico Courier/Eco Latino. Me 
siento muy agradecido a Wane por sus esfuerzos para mejorar esta comunidad diversa. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me, my wife, Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in honoring Mr. Wane A. Hailes and thanking him for his meaningful contributions to the Tri-City community. 
f 
BOSTON GLOBE STORY ON THE 
NARROWS 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, for more 
than 10 years I had the pleasure of rep-resenting Fall River, a great city with great po-tential. One of the jewels of the city is The Narrows Center for the Arts. 
Founded in 1995, it’s a vital part of the com-
munity that’s helping to promote the visual and performing arts. Patrick Norton, one of my former aides, is doing excellent work as the Executive Director of The Narrows, making it a one-of-a-kind destination. 
I urge my colleagues to read this article in 
The Boston Globe about The Narrows. The next time you visit New England, make sure 
you visit The Narrows to see all that it’s doing to showcase artists throughout the community. 
[From The Boston Globe, July 22, 2015] 
THENARROWS ISACLUB TO CALLHOME 
(By Robert Kerr) 
Tom Rush has taken his music to a lot of 
places in 50 years, but no place quite like The Narrows. 
‘‘Those old, creaky floorboards—you can 
almost imagine the ghosts of the people who used to work there,’’ says Rush, who has sold out the old mill music venue a record 11 times. 
There is something in those floorboards 
and in the slightly slanted ceiling and in the big windows that provide a striking view of the Braga Bridge and Mount Hope Bay. There is history, reminders of a time when people did indeed work hard in Fall River mills and, among other things, produced more cotton cloth than any other place on earth. 
And now there is music in this wonderfully 
unlikely top floor place. There is music that draws more and more people to listen in an easy and intimate way. The musicians are close and the audience has climbed those stairs or ridden that elevator to listen and savor and maybe chat up a favorite singer or guitarist. 
‘‘In 14 years, we’ve never had idiots,’’ says 
Kathleen Duffy, referring to the clear ab-sence of boozy hustle at The Narrows Center for the Arts. 
She is a retired speech therapist who bakes 
the brownies that have become a part of music nights at The Narrows. She is one of the dozens of volunteers who keep this mill town miracle going. 
‘‘We couldn’t do it without volunteers,’’ 
says Patrick Norton. ‘‘They help load in shows, load out, sell refreshments. Many have been here eight to 10 years. They’re a hard core, grizzled bunch.’’ 
Norton, a former aide to Congressman Jim 
McGovern, is the executive director of The Narrows. 
‘‘I’ve been a music junkie my whole life. 
I’ve been in bands. I wanted to be a rock star.’’ 
Instead, he resides at the soundboard and 
books the performers and does what has to be done. He is one of the two people pri-marily responsible for making it all happen. 
It began humbly, very humbly, about 20 
years ago in Bert Harlow’s carpentry shop in a mill on the bank of South Watuppa Pond. It was in that part of Fall River known as The Narrows that is between the North and South Watuppa. 
Harlow is a carpenter, a skilled wood-
worker who has worked in, among other places, Trump Tower in New York City. He even remembers sharing an elevator with Trump, who didn’t say hello. 
He is also a Marine veteran of Vietnam 
whose combat memories play a part in shap-ing what is an enduring sense of community obligation. With his skilled hands, he cre-ated an art gallery in the front of the mill where his shop was. He had a vision of restor-ing the mill and creating a park. 
‘‘I want to be involved in doing something 
good,’’ says Harlow. ‘‘For me, it’s a way to heal.’’ 
He thought a coffeehouse would be a good 
idea. So there was a coffeehouse. It was cre-ated in the mid-’90s by a small group of friends, including Norton, who moved some of Harlow’s equipment to one side, cleared a small performance space, put some coffee on, and invited musicians to perform in a dif-ferent kind of place. 
It was the beginning. Audiences were small 
at first, but there was something about music in that mill setting on the pond that 
drew people. A move to an adjacent room, where the brick walls were sandblasted and some couches and chairs put in, broadened the appeal. 
Then a developer bought the mill. ‘‘He wanted four times the rent,’’ says Nor-
ton. 
They couldn’t afford it. Norton and Harlow 
went looking. At one point, the mayor of New Bedford offered them free downtown space. 
‘‘But we’re Fall River guys,’’ says Norton. They met Sam Shapiro, who owned a mill 
on the waterfront that needed tenants. 
‘‘He liked what we were doing,’’ says Nor-
ton. ‘‘From day one, he wanted to make this work.’’ 
They moved in in July 2001. And it has 
worked, but it hasn’t been easy. There was the building inspector who showed up after their first show to point out the need for a few improvements, such as enclosing the stairways. 
‘‘When things look a little dicey, some-
thing seems to happen to pull us through,’’ says Norton. 
There was also the time early on when 
Harlow said to Norton, ‘‘Let’s book Richie Havens.’’ 
Norton thought it was too big a reach. Ha-
vens, the man who kicked off Woodstock, was going to cost four or five times what they had ever paid anyone. 
They gambled. They booked Havens. ‘‘The energy that came off that man was 
incredible,’’ says Harlow. ‘‘That was our first sellout.’’ 
And it was a message to people that there 
is music in Fall River worth driving for. Maybe settle in for some excellent Por-tuguese chow at a nearby restaurant, then take in the kind of music people take per-sonally. Tom Rush, Richard Thompson, Los Lobos, Dr. John—all have come to The Nar-rows and claimed a unique stop on the musi-cal road. 
‘‘The audience there is special,’’ says Rush, 
who returns in November. ‘‘They come for the music. And they come for a good time, and they’re not going to let me stop them.’’ 
Perhaps the one downside to the story of 
The Narrows is that it has succeeded almost in spite of the city it’s located in. Fall River, a city too well known for squandering oppor-tunity, has not been a big factor in The Nar-rows’ success. And when, on show nights, someone asks for a show of hands from Fall River residents, there are sometimes three or four, sometimes none. 
‘‘We’re attracting the Providence-Bar-
rington crowd,’’ says Norton. ‘‘Maybe it’s shabby chic.’’ 
Still, there is a local connection at The 
Narrows that Norton and Harlow have in-sisted on and which extends their reach be-yond the stage. It is the ‘‘community piece.’’ 
‘‘I feel lucky to be involved here,’’ says 
Norton. ‘‘Being around Bert all these years, he’s like a big brother. And we want to give back to the community. We believe in Fall River.’’ 
There are five artists’ studios at The Nar-
rows and a gallery designed by Harlow. There is a lot to look at before and after the music. And kids come to learn about art and music. The Narrows even provides buses. Norton’s especially proud of the connection with People Inc., the organization that does such good work with the developmentally disabled. 
On a spring morning, musician Mark Cut-
ler was onstage with some of the clients of People Inc. He had been writing songs with them—songs that include ‘‘Do You Hate Mondays Too?’’ and ‘‘Mind Your Own Busi-ness.’’ Cutler played his guitar and his young friends picked up microphones and sang in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.002 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1117 July 23, 2015 
ways that amazed the people who work with 
them every day. It was a wonderful show. 
A few weeks later, Cutler was back on-
stage, this time leading the Schemers, the iconic Rhode Island rock band. It was a CD release party. 
Cutler is positive The Narrows is the only 
place he could have played those two gigs. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on 
Wednesday, July 22, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on #450, #451, and #458. Addi-tionally, I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on #452, #453, #454, #455, #456, and #457. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NYA BARTON 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, today I am grateful to welcome Nya Sole Barton on her visit to the Capitol. Nya will at-tend Lemon Road Elementary School in Falls Church, Virginia this fall. 
Often named to the Honor Roll, Nya has 
demonstrated superior academic achievement, and is active in martial arts and dance. I con-gratulate her parents, Darlene and Jacob Bar-ton, on raising an impressive young lady, and I am confident in her future success. 
f 
HAPPY 10TH ANNIVERSARY TO 
LOGOS PREP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Logos Preparatory Academy on its 10 year anniversary. 
Logos Prep opened their doors on August 6, 
2005 and ever since, they have provided a high quality, Christ-centered education to our future leaders. Logos Prep began when four families in Southwest Houston joined together to create a Christ centered educational insti-tute. In its first year, Logos offered 3rd–10th grades with an initial enrollment of 232 stu-dents. Now, 10 years later, over 500 students are enrolled in its K–12 college preparatory program. The school’s superior academic record speaks for itself—students are thriving. Thank you to the teachers and staff at Logos Prep for their dedication to seeing their stu-dents succeed. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Logos Preparatory Academy for 10 successful years educating our leaders of tomorrow. IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE MATAWAN ITALIAN AMERICAN ASSOCIA-TION 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Matawan Italian American As-sociation as its members celebrate its 50th an-niversary this year. 
Currently under the leadership of President 
Frank Giammarino, the Matawan Italian Amer-ican Association executive office consists of a 1st Vice President, Treasurer, Financial Sec-retary, Corresponding Secretary, Recording Secretary and Sergeant at Arms. It is also ad-vised by a Board of Trustees. Its membership is comprised of residents of Italian descent and their spouses who meet monthly in fellow-ship and community service. 
For 50 years, the Matawan Italian American 
Club has worked to preserve and promote Italian heritage and improve the community through charitable donations, scholarships and activities. It supports various local and national non-profits, humanitarian and community orga-nizations, including the National MS Society, Ronald McDonald House, and the Bayshore Senior Center, among many others. Its efforts to support the local community and to offer an association of Italian culture are truly admi-rable and I am honored to be one of the past recipients of the Man of the Year Award. 
Once again, I sincerely hope that my col-
leagues will join me in congratulating the Matawan Italian American Association on its 50th anniversary and recognizing its numerous contributions to the community. 
f 
TELEMUNDO 47’ S50-YEAR 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ALBIO SIRES 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the upcoming 50th Anniversary of Telemundo 47. Telemundo 47 began oper-ation on July 30, 1965 as a television station to serve Spanish-language viewers in the New York Tri-State area. Since then, it has been the main source of information and entertain-ment for the Spanish-speaking community across the Tri-State area, including New Jer-sey. 
Telemundo 47 has evolved with its audience 
over the past 50 years, and recently experi-enced a boost in its local news operations. Today, the station broadcasts more than 20 hours of local news and programming each week and provides viewers with local news-casts seven days a week. To support this boost in demand, Telemundo 47 has hired ad-ditional journalists and launched a new week-day newscast aired at 5:30 p.m. 
A particular program worth noting is 
Telemundo Responde, a new consumer inves-tigative unit that is charged with fighting for and helping consumers who have been wronged. The unit has already recovered more than $1.4 million for consumers, suc-cessfully combining informative broadcasting 
with consumer protection. 
For the past 50 years, Telemundo 47 has 
done an outstanding job of broadcasting both entertaining and informative programs to many viewers in my district. I am confident that Telemundo 47’s success will continue for dec-ades to come, and I congratulate them on this important milestone. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOSEPH HAMILTON 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the distinguished ac-complishment of a constituent in my district, Joseph Hamilton, on the occasion of his 2015 NFIB Young Entrepreneur Award. 
Mr. Hamilton from Lancaster, New York 
started ‘‘Charlie and Checkers’’ to provide live, unique entertainment for people of all ages. Joseph created the business alongside his brother and they now perform a blend of com-edy, magic, juggling, and music. The brothers have also performed for the homeless, dis-abled, and elderly as a way to give back to their community. 
As a 2015 NFIB Young Entrepreneur Award 
winner, Mr. Hamilton has earned a financial scholarship and will be attending Canisius Col-lege next year. 
I want to wish him nothing but the best for 
his future entrepreneurial and educational en-deavors. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,821,652,004.79. We’ve 
added $7,524,944,603,091.71 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE LIFELONG 
IMPROVEMENTS IN FOOD AND EXERCISE (LIFE) ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, as we 
approach July 25, and the 6th annual National Dance Day, I rise to reintroduce the Lifelong Improvements in Food and Exercise (LIFE) Act, authorizing a national initiative to attack a major health problem in the United States that cannot be remedied through the health care system alone. Increasing rates of overweight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.003 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1118 July 23, 2015 
and obesity are now found in Americans of 
every age, race, and major demographic group, and threaten the health of Americans like no other single disease or condition. In fact, the key to eliminating many of the most serious health conditions is not only to reduce overweight and obesity but also to encourage exercise of all kinds. On National Dance Day across the nation, Americans will be dancing, 
one of the most enjoyable and popular forms of exercise. 
This bill would provide $25 million to the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for a coordinated national effort to re-verse increasingly sedentary lifestyles and diets that are high in fat and sugar. 
We see rising consciousness of the need to 
get moving, from the First Lady’s ‘‘Let’s Move’’ campaign for children and the television shows ‘‘So You Think You Can Dance,’’ ‘‘The Biggest Loser,’’ and ‘‘Extreme Weight Loss’’. Yet, the United States continues to have star-tling rates of obesity among adults and chil-dren. In 2010, estimates from the CDC Na-tional Center for Health Statistics showed that since 1980, the percentage of children who are overweight has more than doubled, and the percentage of adolescents who are over-weight has tripled. Today, the 13 million over-weight children have an 80 percent chance of being overweight adults, with the health condi-tions that follow, such as high blood pressure, heart disease, and cancer. The CDC reports that Type 2 diabetes, considered an adult dis-ease, is now widespread in children. The ris-ing cost of the health care system, including insurance premiums, reflects the epidemic. The consequences for kids will follow them throughout their lives if we do not act quickly and decisively. If we are serious about control-ling health care costs, we must start where the most serious health conditions begin: over-weight and obesity. 
This bill seeks to provide the first national 
strategy to combat the epidemic by directing the CDC to do three things: train health pro-fessionals to recognize the signs of obesity early and to educate people concerning healthy lifestyles, such as proper nutrition and regular exercise; conduct public education campaigns about how to recognize and ad-dress overweight and obesity; and develop intervention strategies to be used in everyday life, such as in the workplace and in commu-nity settings. This legislation is the minimum necessary to address our most important health crisis. Today, chronic diseases, many of which are caused or exacerbated by over-weight and obesity, account for 70 percent of all deaths in the U.S., and 60 percent of U.S. medical care costs. According to the Surgeon General’s Call to Action to Prevent and De-crease Overweight and Obesity, the cost of obesity in the U.S. was more than $117 billion in 2000. The CDC has highlighted a study that estimates the annual cost to be $147 billion. It is estimated that between 300,000 and 400,000 deaths per year are related to obe-sity. 
A focused national health initiative would 
provide guidance to the states to engage in similar programs, as mayors of some cities have done. National focus could lead to full participation in high school physical education classes, participation in which has dropped from 42 percent in 1991 to 33 percent in 2005. Changes in nutrition are equally critical be-cause 60 percent of young people consume too much fat, a factor in the doubling of the 
percentage of overweight youth. Data show an increase in unhealthy eating habits for adults and no change in physical activity. 
According to a recent study conducted by 
the American College of Sports Medicine, the District of Columbia is the fittest city in the United States, and yet, obesity continues to be 
a severe problem even here. Most of the obe-sity epidemic is exercise-food-related. One- fifth of the District of Columbia is considered to be obese, and if the number is this high in the nation’s capital, one shudders to think how high it is for other areas of the nation. We need to act now. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in support 
of this important legislation to mobilize the country now, before entirely preventable health conditions, which often begin in child-hood, overwhelm the nation’s health care sys-tem. 
f 
HONORING THE THOMPSON- 
CLEMONS POST #200 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor The Thompson- Clemons Post #200 of Greenwood, Mis-sissippi. 
The Thompson-Clemons Post #200 of 
Greenwood, Mississippi was the first African American Post established in the State of Mis-sissippi and came about due to the persever-ance of eighteen determined Black Veterans of World War I and World War II in the Mis-sissippi Delta. 
These veterans attempted to join Keesler- 
Hamrick-Gillespie Post #29 which refused them membership. Given that this was the 1940s and Mississippi being a segregationist state, Post #29 could not get a majority vote of its members to allow black veterans to join their post. 
The eighteen black veterans filed a petition 
to start a new post and presented it to the Mississippi Department of the American Le-gion. Mr. Solomon N. Dickerson, a black vet-eran, postal worker and co-worker of Mr. Au-thor H. Ritchter, the Adjutant of post #29, worked to get the petition through the District. It was due to their vigorous and persistent cor-respondence to the District and the Mississippi Department of the American Legion that they were allowed to form a separate post if they could find a sponsor. 
Keesler-Hamrick-Gillespie Post #29 agreed 
to serve as a sponsor to assist Thompson- Clemons Post #200 in getting the temporary charter, paving the way for other charters to be granted to other black veteran’s groups throughout the state of Mississippi. 
Originally, the post was called the Mis-
sissippi Delta Post #200. Mr. L.H. Threadgill, principal of Stone Street High School, a vet-eran of World War II, proposed that the post be named after two former students of Stone Street High School, that were killed in action during WWII. The motion carried and the name was adopted. Thompson-Clemons Post #200 was granted a permanent charter on July 28, 1949, becoming the first Black post in the State of Mississippi. The first Post Com-mander was Mr. Solomon N. Dickerson. Mr. L.H. Threadgill and others in the com-
munity were instrumental in purchasing the property, obtaining a deed, and getting a building to establish a post headquarters where it is still located today. 
The Thompson-Clemons Post #200 of 
Greenwood, Mississippi has a distinct track record of encouragement to veterans with issues, be they from serving abroad; in com-bat situations or statewide service. Issues range from transportation to Regional Office and VA Hospital for medical disability claims, educational and skill training, housing and other activities including establishing collabo-rative partnerships with community organiza-tions to provide emergency services such as utilities, homes for the homeless, counseling and assistance in understanding the myriad of services provided by the VA. 
The VA community activities include spon-
sorship of little league baseball teams, voter education classes, veterans day celebration, adopt a school program, donations to needy families, Boys State Program and the National American Legion Oratorical Contest, where candidates sponsored by Post #200, have won the Mississippi State Championship four times, and three out of the past four years. 
Leadership activities include a weekly live 
call in radio talk program aired on WGNL 104.3 FM in Greenwood, Mississippi where veterans can actually dial up and talk about issues that affect them and their community. Partnering with organizations such as the Na-tional Association of the Advancement of Col-ored People (NAACP), Greenwood Voters League, Mississippi Valley State University and other community based groups that advo-cate for social justice. 
Thompson-Clemons Post #200 is well inte-
grated into the fabric and culture of the Mis-
sissippi Delta and should be recognized as a Post that has the interest of our service men, their families and community at heart. 
The American Legion Post #200 is moving 
forward to continue the legacy of those early veterans who honorably served their country and had the vision that through the American Legion and its core principles, they could con-tinue to protect and build an America and Mis-sissippi. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing a remarkable organization, The Thompson-Clemons Post #200, for its dedica-tion to serving our veterans and giving back to the African American community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. JAMES 
COFER ON HIS FULBRIGHT SCHOLAR ACHIEVEMENT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate Dr. James Cofer on receiving a renowned Fulbright Scholar award. 
Dr. Cofer, a Springfield resident and former 
Missouri State University president, was awarded a Fulbright Scholar grant to lecture and perform research at Pontifical Catholic University of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil. As a Missouri State University marketing pro-fessor, Dr. Cofer devoted his research efforts while in Brazil to studying college and univer-sity administration and developing models for the Brazilian higher education community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.011 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1119 July 23, 2015 
The Fulbright U.S. Scholar Program pro-
vides teaching and research grants to distin-guished U.S. faculty and experienced profes-sionals. Dr. Cofer has no doubt played a major role in spreading American ideas and contributions in Brazil. 
The Missouri State University community 
and Ozarks community at-large should be proud to have a scholar like Dr. James Cofer representing them abroad. I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Dr. Cofer for his dedication to such significant research and for receiving this esteemed award. 
f 
HONORING MARIA HARRISON 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring Maria Harrison, an outstanding public servant who retired after over 41 years of dedicated service to the federal govern-ment. 
On Monday, June 18, 1973, Maria Harrison 
began her career in government with the Fed-eral Aviation Administration (FAA). She was one of many who benefited from Mayor Mar-ion Barry’s jobs program he so famously cre-ated. On January 3, 2015 Maria retired from the United States Department of Transpor-tation (USDOT) after 41 years and 6 months of service to our country as a federal em-ployee. Except for 10 months at the Small Business Administration, her career was spent in the transportation field. Her exact sequence of service follows: 
Department of Transportation/FAA 06/18/ 
1973–07/30/1977. 
Small Business Administration 07/31/1977– 
05/20/1978. 
Department of Transportation/Office of the 
Secretary (OST) 05/21/1978–04/03/1982. 
Department of Transportation/MARAD (Mari-
time) 04/04/1982–12/24/1983. 
Department of Transportation/FAA 12/25/ 
1983–06/04/1988. 
Department of Transportation/Federal Rail-
road Administration 6/05/1988–11/03/2001. 
Department of Transportation/OST 11/04/ 
2001–Present. 
Maria retired from the Office of Govern-
mental Affairs at USDOT where she has been of assistance to my office and constituents nu-merous times. I can say with certainty that every office in the U.S. Senate and countless offices in the U.S. House of Representatives have benefited directly from her good work. As much as her colleagues at USDOT will miss her, she has earned the right to spend more time with her friends and family, especially her granddaughter whose pictures adorn the desk of her office. Maria has also earned the deep-est gratitude from those of us in the U.S. Con-gress. Above all else she has earned the thanks of the country she has so unselfishly served for over 41 years. Thank you, Ms. Har-rison. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to join me in 
honoring Maria Harrison for her more than four decades of service to the federal govern-ment in the transportation field. THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, since its enact-
ment on July 26, 1990, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) has helped remove bar-riers to education, employment, and tech-nology for people with disabilities. 
For a quarter-century, this landmark legisla-
tion has enabled people with disabilities to have the same civil rights and public use en-joyed by other citizens in all areas of public life. 
The signing of the ADA was a pivotal mo-
ment in history, not just for people with disabil-ities, but for all Americans. 
The ADA protects individuals with disabil-
ities from discrimination and allows them to participate fully in the workforce and in their communities. 
Today, there are over 55 million people liv-
ing with a disability in the United States. 
In my home state of Ohio, the Ohio County 
Boards of Developmental Disabilities serves more than 90,000 children and adults in all 88 Ohio counties and many more receive serv-ices from nonprofit partners and organizations. 
In the third congressional district of Ohio, 
we have outstanding centers, such as the Helping Hands Center for Special Needs, which strives to meet the educational and therapeutic needs of children with autism and other developmental disabilities. 
As it did twenty-five years ago in 1990, the 
ADA continues to help individuals with disabil-ities achieve their goals, realize their dreams, and give back to their communities. 
Today, I celebrate the strides we have 
made since the ADA’s enactment and honor its goals of equality of opportunity, full partici-pation, and high quality of life for Americans with disabilities. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JILL SWANSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Jill Swanson, from Adair Coun-ty Health System in Greenfield, Iowa. Ms. Swanson was awarded the 2015 DAISY Award Friday, June 12, 2015. 
Jill Swanson was recognized for her accom-
plishments during the Fourth Annual DAISY Award Ceremony at Mercy Medical Center in Des Moines, Iowa. The award is given to a nurse from each of their network’s facilities to recognize their excellent work. 
Jill is frequently requested by patients and 
families when they visit because of her atten-tiveness and willingness to go above and be-yond what is expected for each of her pa-tients. Throughout her 27 years of service, she has always been a team player who puts oth-ers before herself. Her genuine care for pa-tients and hard work ethic make Adair County Health Systems proud to have her as a mem-ber of their team. I applaud and congratulate Jill for receiving 
this award and for providing excellent patient care in Iowa’s 3rd Congressional district. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating her and wish her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING JERUSALEM OUTREACH 
CHILD & ADULT LEARNING CEN-TER 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor the Jerusalem Out-reach Child & Adult Learning Center in Charleston, MS. It is locally referred to as JOCI (Jerusalem Outreach Center Incor-porated). 
JOCI was established as a nonprofit organi-
zation in the year 2000. JOCI was one of the partners in a countywide effort to provide serv-ice to citizens living in hard to reach and un-derserved communities in Tallahatchie County like Paynes and Glendora. JOCI’s goal is to meet the educational and health and social welfare needs of both children and adults re-gardless of race. Their partner Glendora Eco-nomic and Community Development Corpora-tion (GECDCo) focuses on the development needs of the communities like housing, recre-ation, jobs, and more. 
In order to achieve the above goals JOCI 
hosts health fairs and provides a long list of services. The services include, but are not lim-ited to: personal counseling, referrals to out-side resources, depending on the issue; social therapy for special needs clients; child care; after school care and services; educational classes; tutoring; and more. Since 2000, JOCI’s record of achievement has attracted new partners to their effort: Mississippi State University Early Childhood Institute, Quality Stars, the Department of Human Services, and the Tallahatchie Early Learning Alliance (TELA). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing the Jerusalem Outreach Child & Adult Learning Center in Charleston, MS for their work in those hard to reach communities in Tallahatchie County, MS. 
f 
STOP WILDLIFE TRAFFICKING IN 
ITS TRACKS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, The Wild-
life Conservation Society is doing great work to save wildlife and wild places. 
The public knows more about wildlife today 
than they have at any other point in history. 
New technology like Go-Pro cameras can 
be put on top of birds to track their migration patterns and see how they deal with their young in the nest. 
Scientists can dive deeper into the oceans 
than ever before and are discovering new spe-cies that have not been identified. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.013 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1120 July 23, 2015 
But with all this knowledge and fancy tech-
nology, in 2015 animals are still becoming ex-tinct. 
The situation for elephants and rhinos is 
bad. 
The elephant population in Tanzania has 
dropped by 60 percent in just the last 5 years. 
A total of only five northern white rhinos are 
left in the world today. 
A big reason why is money. The black-mar-
ket price of ivory in Africa is over $1,000 per pound. 
Rhino horn is now worth about $27,000 per 
pound. That’s twice the value of gold and plat-inum and more than cocaine or diamonds. 
When a person lives on less than $2 a day 
like many of the poachers do, that’s a lot of money. 
Poachers are willing to risk getting caught or 
even shot because the payday is just too big. 
One rhino horn is enough for them to sup-
port their whole family for a year. 
That might be why some locals in the com-
munity refer to ‘‘rhinos’’ simply as ‘‘billions’’. 
In all, the illegal wildlife trade is estimated 
as a $10–20 billion per year business. 
It is not just low level poachers getting most 
of the profits. 
Transnational criminal organizations and ter-
rorist groups are getting billions of dollars a year from this business. Al-Shabab [al-Shah- Bob] and Joseph Kony’s the LRA are two ex-amples. 
The same groups that traffick elephant ivory 
and rhino horn also traffick drugs and weap-ons. So this isn’t just a wildlife problem. It is a national security problem. 
Currently, I have been working with my col-
leagues on the Foreign Affairs committee to make sure the U.S. government is doing ev-erything we can to stop wildlife trafficking. 
Part of the solution is understanding the 
problem. 
Ranking Member on my Terrorism Sub-
committee, Mr. K
EATING and I have amended 
the Intelligence Authorization bill to require the Director of National Intelligence to produce a report on wildlife trafficking, how terrorist orga-nizations are involved, and its impact on U.S. national security. 
In addition to this a GAO study is being con-
ducted to evaluate the job being done so far at trying to stop wildlife trafficking. Both of these should help us understand the problem better. 
I’m happy to be an original cosponsor of 
Chairman R
OYCE ’s bill to encourage countries 
to work together on this problem and elevate wildlife trafficking as a predicate offense under racketeering and money laundering statutes. 
It is a strong bipartisan bill that I hope is 
passed into law soon. 
Working together will stop wildlife trafficking 
in its tracks. 
In the 1950s there were only a few hundred 
white rhino left in the world. Thanks to the work of people like Ian Player, today there are over 15,000. 
The threat has been beaten back before 
and it can be done again. 
And that’s just the way it is. THE IRAN DEAL: A DANGEROUS 
GAMBLE FOR THE U.S. AND OUR ALLIES 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to the administration’s nu-clear deal with Iran. 
Earlier this year, over 350 Members of Con-
gress—myself included—wrote the president with objectives that a deal must reach before we’d consider sanctions relief. We said there must be anytime, anywhere site inspections. Above all, it must stop Iran’s march toward a nuclear weapon. 
The deal before us does not meet these ob-
jectives. Yet, it gives Iran upwards of 100 bil-lion dollars in sanctions relief almost imme-diately. Money it can use to finance the spread of terrorism and violence. 
This agreement is a dangerous gamble. The 
security of America and our allies is on the line, and the deck is stacked in favor of a sworn adversary to the United States. 
I will be voting to reject this bad deal. I en-
courage all my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF 
BRIAN SILAS 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the brilliant career of Brian Silas, a re-nowned pianist from India. Mr. Silas is beloved by many, not only for his music but for his dedication to humanitarianism. 
Mr. Silas’ passion for the piano began early 
in his life. He was raised in Kanpur, where he was immersed in music and tradition, leading him to his affection for the piano. His instinct and desire to perform drives his musical pro-ficiency. Mr. Silas’ talent has led him to some of the world’s largest stages and venues, with-out any formal training. 
Mr. Silas’ desire to share his gift of music 
has allowed him to perform his life’s work at various venues across the globe. During his career he has packed auditoriums, theatres and runways from the United States to Mauri-tius. No matter the venue, Mr. Silas’ perform-ances are met with the highest of praise. One of his highest honors was in 1998, when Mr. Silas was invited to perform at the United Na-tions to celebrate India’s 51st year of inde-pendence. 
Mr. Silas’ gift to the world does not stop be-
hind the piano. He donates his time to multiple charitable organizations, who aid the under-privileged, sick and neglected. Mr. Silas is deeply involved with the ‘‘Artists of Empower-ment’’ who provide gender bias rehabilitation for victimized women. He has striven to help those affected by HIV by endorsing organiza-tions such as ‘‘CORE’’ who strive to educate police personnel on the virus. Mr. Silas also frequently fundraises for organizations such as ‘‘Prayaas’’ who provide homes for the home-less. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing me to 
honor Mr. Brian Silas. I ask my colleagues to join me in extending the highest regards and 
wishes for continued success. Mr. Silas’ pas-sion for music and humanitarianism will surely continue to touch lives for years to come. 
f 
2015 NATIONAL SEAPERCH CHAL-
LENGE MIDDLE SCHOOL CHAM-PIONSHIP TEAM 
HON. FRANK A. LoBIONDO 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. L OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I come to the 
floor today to celebrate the accomplishment of the Egg Harbor Township Police Athletic League’s SeaPerch Challenge Middle School Team. The Submersibles placed first in both the obstacle challenge and the finesse course of the 2015 National SeaPerch Middle School Championship. 
This is a remarkable accomplishment stem-
ming from months of hard work and deter-mination and one in which these bright young men can feel proud. Their accomplishments this year, as well as their first place finish in the 2014 championship, are certainly deserv-ing of this special recognition. 
On April 24, 2015 the team won the Phila-
delphia SeaPerch Regional competition at Drexel University giving them the opportunity to compete at The University of Massachu-setts in Dartmouth on May 29th and 30th. At the national championship, the team defeated 71 other teams nationwide to secure their sec-ond national SeaPerch title in 2 years. 
SeaPerch is an innovative underwater robot-
ics program that equips teachers and students with the resources to build an underwater Re-motely Operated Vehicle (ROV). The program provides students the opportunity to learn about robotics, engineering, science, math, teamwork, leadership, and public speaking while competing against their peers at a na-tional level. 
The National Championship team includes: 
Jhadyn Seward (Egg Harbor Township), Aidan Himley (Egg Harbor Township), James Massey (Egg Harbor Township), Brandan Kusnirik (Hamilton Township), Anakin Leatherwood (Egg Harbor Township), Luke Williams (Northfield), and coaches Mike and Denise Massey. 
Again, I wish to extend my sincere con-
gratulations to the Submersibles and I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHANDRA M CCANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and congratulate Chandra McCann, from Greenfield, Iowa for her retire-ment from the Adair County Courthouse after 35 years of service. 
Through her countless years of dedication 
to the citizens of Adair County she was able to provide valuable services to those who passed through the Adair County Courthouse. She always came to work with a smile on her face and a willingness to serve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.018 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1121 July 23, 2015 
I applaud and congratulate Chandra for her 
accomplishments and for providing excellent customer service to Adair County and its citi-zens. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Chandra and wish her nothing but the best in her retirement. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF NORTHWEST NEW JER-SEY COMMUNITY ACTION PART-NERSHIP 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today, to celebrate Northwest New Jersey Community Action Partnership, otherwise known as NORWESCAP, located in Morris County, New Jersey, as it celebrates its Fif-tieth Anniversary. 
In 1965, NORWESCAP was incorporated by 
a group of concerned citizens from Hunterdon, Sussex and Warren counties, whose mission was to eliminate poverty in the area. NORWESCAP is one of twenty-three Commu-nity Action Agencies in the State of New Jer-sey. The agency actively supports low-income households, as these citizens develop their abilities to become self-reliant and build rela-tionships within the community. 
Over the past fifty years, the agency has ex-
panded its reach into Morris, Somerset, and Passaic Counties. NORWESCAP assists more than 35,000 individuals each year, with a port-folio of emergency, preventative and self-suffi-ciency services. With 270 full and part-time employees and 1,400 volunteers operating 15 unique programs, the agency has been work-ing to improve the lives of low income individ-uals and families by ‘‘Creating Opportunities’’ and ‘‘Changing Lives.’’ An example of one of their programs is the Family Success Center, which brings together residents and leaders in the community to address the struggles that poverty-ridden families deal with every day. 
Another significant program that 
NORWESCAP provides is the Child and Fam-ily Resource Services. With twenty-five years of enhancing the accessibility and quality of early care and education, the agency has proven its dedication to strengthening families and communities in the area. The Child and Family Resource Service staff is committed to the belief that all children deserve access to quality affordable child care. Furthermore, by providing information, referrals, various child care subsidies, education and collaboration of efforts among all those involved in child care, this team has had a positive effect on the community. CFRS has been cited for ‘‘a num-ber of best practices regarding the manage-ment of the programs they implement.’’ They became Child Care Aware Quality Assured in 2005; this identifies the agency as one that strives for excellence. 
It is apparent that NORWESCAP’s value to 
the public is priceless, and I express great ad-miration for their service. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-
lating NORWESCAP, its Board of Directors, administration and employees, as it celebrates its Fiftieth Anniversary. 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
recognize the 25th anniversary of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act (ADA). This land-mark legislation was critical to ensuring all Americans living with disabilities were guaran-teed equal access to opportunities to live a full and meaningful life without being discriminated against. With over 55 million people living in our nation with disabilities, it is sometimes hard to realize that before 1990, so many bar-riers stood in their way to leading happy, suc-cessful lives. 
My own godson lives with significant disabil-
ities and if this law had not been enacted be-fore he was born, his life would have turned out very differently—it would have been dif-ficult to access transportation, public and pri-vate spaces, and receive an education. It is so important that we continue building upon the successes of the ADA and that we do every-thing within our power for those who need us to fight just a little bit extra for them, and that is why we must remember this anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACOB ‘‘JAY’’ 
BOJORQUEZ 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the life of Jacob ‘‘Jay’’ Bojorquez. A resident of Temple, Texas, Jay became an angel on July 13, 2015. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this difficult time. 
Jay was a native son of Monticello, New 
Mexico. His was a life of service and devotion to causes bigger than himself. Growing up in the rugged Land of Enchantment instilled in Jay a desire to protect our environment and, as a young man, he volunteered to fight forest fires in the scenic Black Range Mountains. As a Korean War veteran, Jay experienced first-hand the sacrifices our men and women of the armed forces make for the cause of freedom. 
Blessed with a fierce intellect and aptitude 
with numbers, Jay graduated from Western New Mexico University with a bachelor’s de-gree in accounting. He applied his talents as a financial auditor for El Paso’s Thomason General Hospital. 
Committed to public service, Jay played an 
active part in making any community he re-sided in a great place to live and work. Jay served as an elected member of the Horizon Regional Municipal Utilities District Board of Directors, Commander of the American Legion Post, President of the Lion’s Club, President of the Horizon Communities Improvement As-sociation, Treasurer of the Horizon Volunteer Fire Department, and a member of the Troop Committee for Boy Scout Troop 55 (Yucca Council). He also served on the City of Tem-ple’s Tax Increment Finance Reinvestment Zone Board. Jay was married to Betty, the love of his life, 
47 years. During their joyous life together, they lived, loved, and prospered as one. Proud parents of seven children, grandparents of eighteen, and great-grandparents of four-teen, Jay and Betty kept family at the center of their lives. 
While we mourn Jay Bojorquez’s passing, 
his presence was a blessing for all who knew him. The positive impacts he had on the lives of others will live on and remain in our hearts forever. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CORPORAL STEVEN 
L. LEVY 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the memory of fallen officer Corporal Steven Levy of the Washington Township Po-lice Department in Gloucester County, New Jersey, for his extraordinary sacrifice and ex-emplary service to the citizens of New Jersey and the United States. 
Corporal Levy was a decorated officer of the 
Washington Township Police and a volunteer member on the Gloucester County Critical In-cident Team. Serving as a police officer is an admirable quality in itself, but answering the call of CIT duty requires a superior level of dedication. 
On October 21, 1999, Corporal Levy was 
killed in the line of duty while responding to a call about a domestic standoff in Woodbury, NJ. His untimely death left behind his beloved wife, Mrs. Janeen Levy and two children, Kevin and Jessica. 
I have the pleasure of knowing his son, 
Kevin, who is following his father’s example of public service and interning in my office this summer. It is because of Kevin, and the fami-lies of fallen public safety officers like his, that I decided to cosponsor The Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act, which makes the chil-dren of law enforcement officers, firefighters, EMS workers, and fire police who died in the line of duty eligible for the maximum available Pell Grant. 
Mr. Speaker, public safety workers like Cor-
poral Steven Levy dedicate their careers to serving their communities, putting their lives on the line every day to protect us. The loss of these selfless men and women is a dev-astating loss for our communities, but no one suffers more than their families. Although nothing can replace the loss of a loved one, we owe it to local heroes, like Corporal Levy, to honor their memory by taking positive ac-tion on behalf of their families. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY O’RILEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mrs. Mary O’Riley, of Creston, Iowa for being selected as Union County’s 2015 inductee into the Iowa 4–H Hall of Fame. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.022 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1122 July 23, 2015 
Mary will be inducted during a ceremony at 
the Iowa State Fair on August 23, 2015. She was chosen because of her long-standing de-votion to 4–H and her commitment to helping each child develop to their full potential. She also is being recognized for 30 years of serv-ice as show ring announcer at the Union County Fair. Mary’s additional contributions to 4–H include 13 years as a club leader, work-ing with 4–H as an extension employee, judg-ing 4–H project work, and serving as a mem-ber and officer of the Union County Friends of 4–H Foundation. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by Mary dem-
onstrates the rewards of harnessing one’s tal-ents and sharing them with the world. Her ef-forts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating Mary for her achievements and wish her nothing but continued success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I want to state that 
on Wednesday, July 22, I unfortunately missed three roll call votes as I was attending a classified briefing at the White House Situa-tion Room on the recently announced Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran. Had I been present I would have voted: 
1. NO—Ordering the Previous Question 
(Roll #450). I would have voted no in order to allow a vote on H.R. 3064, the GROW AMER-ICA Act. I am a proud cosponsor of this robust six-year expansion of funding for our Amer-ica’s transportation and infrastructure, which would provide much needed certainty for those projects and the jobs that rely on them. 
2. NO—Approving H. Res. 369 (Roll #451). 
I would have voted no on H. Res. 369, which prevented the House from considering either H.R. 1599 or H.R. 1734 with the appropriate deliberation and open debate such important matters deserve. 
3. AYE—Approving the Journal (Roll #452). 
I would have voted AYE on approving the Journal. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SCOTT GARRETT 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on July 16, 
2015, the House of Representatives consid-ered H.R. 2898 and several amendments to that bill. On that day, I was in New Jersey to attend my daughter’s wedding and, therefore, could not vote on that legislation. HONORING DEBORAH KALCEVIC ON 
THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT FROM THE CONGRES-SIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
HON. TOM PRICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
along with Representative K LINE, Representa-
tive V ANHOLLEN , and Representative S COTT  
of Virginia wish to pay tribute to Deborah Kalcevic, who is retiring this month after 40 years of distinguished service to the Congress at the Congressional Budget Office (CBO). She is the longest serving employee in the history of CBO. Since joining CBO in 1975 she has spent most of her time in the Income Security and Education Cost Estimates Unit. Ms. Kalcevic has worked closely with the Budget Committee and the authorizing com-mittees on issues related to student loans and higher education. As one of the foremost ex-perts on student loans, Ms. Kalcevic has been invaluable in helping the Budget Committee fulfill our responsibilities under the Congres-sional Budget Act and in assisting the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee with countless reforms to the Higher Education Act. 
Ms. Kalcevic is held in high esteem by both 
Republicans and Democrats for her tireless and diligent work. Her knowledge of student loan programs is legendary, as is her ability and willingness to help people more fully un-derstand the important aspects and nuances of those programs. The work she did was in-credibly important, and we are grateful to Ms. Kalcevic for her assistance, expertise, and dedication over the last four decades. 
In short, Ms. Kalcevic exemplifies CBO’s 
high standard of professionalism, objectivity, and nonpartisanship. In fact, she twice has re-ceived the CBO Director’s award, the agency’s highest recognition for outstanding perform-ance. As the Chairmen and Ranking Mem-bers, we greatly appreciate the commitment that Ms. Kalcevic has shown in assisting the Budget and Education and the Workforce Committees and the Congress. We wish her well in her future endeavors, including her de-sire to spend more time with her family and close friends. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHANIE LOISELLE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Stephanie Loiselle of Clive, Iowa for receiving a coveted Fulbright award during the 2014–2015 Aca-demic Year. Stephanie is a recent graduate of the Monterey Institute of International Studies with a Master’s degree in Teaching Foreign Languages and International Education Man-agement. She will travel to Colombia in Au-gust 2015 and begin working in an English teaching assistantship. 
Established by Congress in 1946, the Ful-
bright Program is funded through an annual appropriation to the U.S. Department of State. It serves as a valuable foreign affairs tools by making people-to-people connections. It also 
gives participants a chance to help with impor-tant issues across the globe and gain valuable skills, giving them the necessary experience to lead our future generations. With over 360,000 participants since its creation, the Fulbright Program serves an important role in educating our young people and improving our diplo-matic relations. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and ad-
miration that I recognize Stephanie today. It is the young people like her who are willing to work hard and make sacrifices for the better-ment of society that will lead our future gen-erations. I know my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Stephanie on this outstanding achieve-ment and wish her nothing but continued suc-cess moving forward. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
clarify my vote on H.R. 3009, Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act (ROLL CALL 466). I was on the floor and inserted my voting card to record a ‘‘YES’’ vote for H.R. 3009. Unfortu-nately my vote failed to register. On the re-corded final total tally, I am listed as having ‘‘NOT VOTED’’ even though I intended and at-tempted to vote in favor of the bill. Imme-diately prior to vote on final passage, my vote against the Democratic Motion to Recommit is recorded. I also spoke in favor of H.R. 3009 on the House Floor. 
f 
STUDENT TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2015 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce the Student Tax Relief Act of 2015. This bill is meant to help the students who attended Corinthian Colleges, Inc. 
The legislation is designed to help students 
affected by the sale of 53 Corinthian College Inc., campuses to Zenith Education Group, a subsidiary of Education Credit Management Corporation (ECMC). It will also help students who get debt relief as a result of a successful in asserting in defense against repayments. 
My bill, at the time of introduction, has 23 
original cosponsors and has the support of nine outside organizations—American Federa-tion of Teachers (AFT), AFL–CIO, Campaign for America’s Future, Consumers Union, Na-tional Education Association (NEA), New York Students Rising (NYSR), One Wisconsin Now (OWN), Young Invincibles, Student Debt Cri-sis. 
Corinthian Colleges, Inc. was the parent of 
several private, for-profit institutions of higher education, the Everest Institute, Everest Col-leges, Heald Colleges, and Wyotech Technical Schools. 
The Zenith formed for the purpose of buying 
53 campuses form Corinthian Colleges, Inc, and completed the purchase in 2015. As part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.027 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1123 July 23, 2015 
of the final agreement Zenith agreed to pro-
vide $480 million in debt relief on Genesis loans advanced by Corinthian Colleges, Inc. As part of the agreement Zenith forgave 40% of the principal balance on the Genesis loans. 
The servicers who are servicing these loans 
will write down the loans without a borrower needing to take any action. 
As many as 170,000 individuals may qualify 
for this reduction. Under the tax code, gen-erally, discharged income becomes taxable in-come to the taxpayer. Therefore, the amount that is discharged from the Genesis loans will result in the borrowers having to pay in-creased taxes. 
However, this bill specifically prevents the 
amount discharged under the agreement be-tween the Education Department and the Con-sumer Protection Financial Bureau from being included in gross income. 
According to the Congressional Research 
Service, ‘‘Borrowers who attended a Corin-thian Colleges, Inc. school that was purchased by Zenith and borrowers who attended a Co-rinthian Colleges, Inc. school that closed but who are ineligible for closed school loan dis-charge may seek debt relief on their Federal Family Education Loan or Direct Loan pro-gram loans by asserting certain defenses against repayment. In certain circumstances, borrowers of Direct Loan program loans may be able to assert as a defense against repay-ment of their loan ‘acts or omissions of an in-stitution of higher education,’ as specified in regulation. ED has determined in regulation that such acts and omissions are those that would ‘give rise to a cause of action against the school under applicable State law.’ ’’ 
‘‘If the borrower’s defense is successful, 
Education Department will determine the amount of debt relief to which the borrower is entitled, which can include relief from repaying all or part of the outstanding loan balance and reimbursement for previous amounts paid to-ward the loan.’’ 
It is unknown how many individuals will ulti-
mately end up using the Defense to Repay-ment provision, but the bill will provide tax re-lief for taxpayers who get their loans dis-charged under the Defense to Repayment pro-vision. The bill will ensure that amounts dis-charged due to Defense to Repayment claims will not be considered gross income to the tax-payer. 
It is important that the students who at-
tended Corinthian College Inc. schools and have suffered already not have to suffer any-more by paying extra taxes on loans that get discharged. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE FALLEN CAP-
ITOL POLICE OFFICERS J.J. CHESTNUT AND JOHN GIBSON 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
remembrance of Jacob ‘‘J.J.’’ Chestnut and John Gibson, who lost their lives on July 24, 1998, protecting the Members of this Chamber and the public while rendering honorable serv-ice as members of the U.S. Capitol Police De-partment. 
President John F. Kennedy once remarked: 
‘‘A man does what he must in spite of per-sonal consequences, in spite of obstacles and 
dangers and pressures, and that is the basis of all human morality.’’ 
On July 24, 1998 this idea was given tan-
gible expression when Officers Chestnut and Gibson lost their lives while serving others in the line of duty. 
As the assailant opened fire in the hall of 
the Capitol, Officers Chestnut and Gibson re-acted by putting themselves between the gun-man and the innocent persons and represent-atives present in the Capitol that day. 
Who knows what carnage would have un-
folded had Officer Gibson not brought an end to this violence by neutralizing the assailants. 
I vividly remember being here in this very 
chamber when the shootout started in 1998, and I know that their heroic actions saved many lives. 
Officer Chestnut was on his second tour of 
public service, previously serving in the Viet-nam War as an officer. 
His military leadership skills translated 
seamlessly into his Capitol Police Officer role and were recognized when he was named Capitol Police Officer of the Year. 
Even though Officer Chestnut was close to 
retirement his tireless effort to fulfill his role as protector saved many lives on that tragic day. 
Officer Gibson not only was active and re-
spected by his colleagues here on Capitol Hill, his commitment to his local community was exemplary. 
An eighteen year veteran of the department, 
Officer Gibson was described as a model offi-cer who always followed the golden rule and treated others with respect whether in uniform or not. 
I would also like to thank all of the Capitol 
Hill Police Officers who protect me and my colleagues in Congress as well as the thou-sands of Americans who visit their national Capitol every day. 
These guardians protect more than the in-
nocent people around them that day. 
They serve as examples of the oath all of 
our men and women in uniform take when vol-unteering to serve their nation as Capitol Po-lice Officers: 
We protect the legislative process, the sym-
bol of our democracy, the people who carry out the process, and the millions of visitors who travel here to see democracy in action; 
Every American who visits the Capitol, as 
well as those visitors from around the world, is a member of our protected community and sees first-hand how we are the best of Amer-ica’s spirit and diversity; 
As an agency, we are a microcosm of 
America, representational of many races, col-ors, religions, political affiliations, sexual ori-entations, and ages. Our workforce derives from almost all 50 states and territories, with some representation from other countries. We embrace and celebrate a diverse workforce, where we believe inclusion makes our work-place stronger and respecting each individual as a person and as a professional is essential; and; 
We represent the best in American policing. 
We act on the world stage every day of the year, as a model in security, urban crime pre-vention, dignitary protection, specialty re-sponse capabilities, and homeland security. We are often the first face that visitors and employees encounter, and we leave a lasting impression that is reflective of the Legislative Branch and its role in America’s democracy. Officers Chestnut and Gibson exemplified 
what the incredible sacrifice is that police offi-cers make every day when they head out into the community to protect and serve their fam-ily, friends, and neighbors. 
Mr. Speaker, this is why I am proud to re-
member the heroic actions of the Capitol Po-lice Officers J.J. Chestnut and John Gibson on this day in 1998. 
The Scriptures teach that no great love hath 
any but that he lay down his life for another. 
Officers Chestnut and Gibson showed great 
love for their fellow men and women on July 24, 1998, and for their heroism, they will al-ways be remembered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF PAT 
EPSTEIN 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, a dear 
friend, Patricia (Tananbaum) Epstein, passed away quietly on July 22, 2015, after a long and wonderful life filled with extended family and friends. She leaves her devoted husband of more than 66 years, Jerry. Together, and as individuals, they have been a very special and unforgettable couple who have had a meaningful impact on the lives of so many. 
That is also true of the lives of my parents, 
former Congressman Edward R. Roybal and my mother Lucille Beserra Roybal. And it is most certainly true of the joy and friendship Pat and Jerry brought into my life and that of my husband Ed. We loved having dinner with them and hearing Pat’s laughter and the jokes she loved to tell. And we loved seeing the ex-amples of her talent in her beautiful works of art. 
Pat was born in Atlanta, Georgia, on May 
28, 1924, the only child of Leo and Hannah Tananbaum. She met Jerry, the love of her life, when he was a student at Emory Univer-sity after the end of World War II. They mar-ried on December 26, 1948, in a beautiful ceremony at the Mayfair Club in Atlanta, at-tended by family and friends, many of whom had traveled on a private train from New York City for the event. Their wedding would be only the first of many spectacular parties Pat and Jerry would plan and host over the ensu-ing decades, as Pat became the consummate gracious and lively hostess. 
Pat and Jerry settled permanently in Los 
Angeles in December 1949. For decades, in-cluding up to the last months of her life, Pat was a sculptress, working primarily in alabas-ter and later in papier-ma ˆche´. Her work can 
be found at St. John’s Hospital, the Jewish Home for the Aging, and in many private homes around the country. 
Pat enjoyed her involvement with the Advi-
sory Board of the Fashion Institute of Design and Management (FIDM). 
Pat was also active in Hadassah and the 
Irene Dunne Guild of Saint John’s Hospital in Santa Monica. The doctors, nurses, and staff at St. John’s Hospital were not just caregivers, but many became close friends for over four decades, and their compassion and attention were particularly meaningful during the last months of Pat’s life. 
Pat and Jerry’s generosity and dedication to 
their many friends and family is legendary, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.033 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1124 July 23, 2015 
and they leave a legacy of ‘‘adopted’’ children 
and grandchildren who have and will continue to benefit from their loving advice and assist-
ance. Ed and I will miss Pat greatly, but feel 
blessed that we had the good fortune to have 
known such a great lady. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A23JY8.035 E23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D869 Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5477–S5563 
Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1844–1860, and S. Res. 228–229.
                                              Page S5526 
Measures Reported: 
S. 242, to amend title 5, United States Code, to 
provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability. (S. Rept. No. 114–89) 
S. 764, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea 
Grant College Program Act, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–90) 
S. 834, to amend the law relating to sport fish 
restoration and recreational boating safety, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. 
No. 114–91) 
H.R. 720, to improve intergovernmental planning 
for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–92)
           Page S5525 
Measures Passed: 
National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Re-
authorization: Senate passed H.R. 23, to reauthorize 
the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Pro-gram, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                             Pages S5557–58 
Veterans Entrepreneurship Act: Senate passed 
H.R. 2499, to amend the Small Business Act to in-crease access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                             Page S5558 
Sullivan (for Vitter) Amendment No. 2326, relat-
ing to business loans program.                            Page S5558 
DHS IT Duplication Reduction Act: Committee 
on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1626, to reduce duplication of information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and the bill was then passed.
                                                 Pages S5558–59 United States Intelligence Professionals Day: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 229, designating July 26, 2015, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Professionals Day’’.
                                                                                Page S5559 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act—Agreement : Senate con-
tinued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act.
              Pages S5478–S5513 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at approximately 9 a.m., on Friday, July 24, 2015, all post-cloture time on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill be deemed ex-pired.
                                                                                Page S5559 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
85 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S5559–63 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5516 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5516–17 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S5517–25 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S5525 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5526–28 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5528–37 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5513–16 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5537–56 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5556 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5556 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 8:07 p.m., until 9 a.m. on Friday, July 24, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY5.REC D23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D870 July 23, 2015 
the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on 
page S5559.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nomination of Lieutenant General Robert B. Neller, USMC, to be General and Commandant of the Marine Corps, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported 559 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps. 
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine meas-uring the systemic importance of United States bank holding companies, including S. 1484, a bill to im-prove accountability and transparency in the United States financial regulatory system, protect access to credit for consumers, provide sensible relief to finan-cial institutions, after receiving testimony from Rob-ert DeYoung, University of Kansas School of Busi-ness, Lawrence; Deborah J. Lucas, MIT Sloan School of Management Center for Finance and Policy, Cam-bridge, Massachusetts; Jonathan R. Macey, Yale Law School, New Haven, Connecticut, and Michael S. Barr, University of Michigan Law School, Ann Arbor. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine the nominations of W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, and Marisa Lago, of New York, to be a Deputy United States Trade Rep-resentative, with the rank of Ambassador, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine Iran nuclear agreement review, after receiving testimony from John F. Kerry, Sec-
retary of State; Ernest Moniz, Secretary of Energy; and Jacob J. Lew, Secretary of the Treasury. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
nomination of Denise Turner Roth, of North Caro-lina, to be Administrator of General Services, Gen-eral Services Administration, after the nominee testi-fied and answered questions in her own behalf. 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine achiev-ing the promise of health information technology, focusing on information blocking and potential solu-tions, after receiving testimony from David C. Kendrick, MyHealth Access Network, Tulsa, Okla-homa; Michael J. Mirro, American College of Cardi-ology, Fort Wayne, Indiana; David C. Kibbe, DirectTrust, Washington, D.C., on behalf of the American Academy of Family Physicians; and Paul Black, Allscripts, Chicago, Illinois. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 1169, to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile 
Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
The nomination of Michael C. McGowan, to be 
United States Marshal for the District of Delaware, Department of Justice, for the term of four years. 
DODD-FRANK 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution concluded a hearing to examine Dodd- Frank at five years, after receiving testimony from C. Boyden Gray, Boyden Gray and Associates, PLLC, Deepak Gupta, Gupta Wessler PLLC, Adam J. Levitin, Georgetown University Law Center, and Mark A. Calabria, Cato Institute, all of Washington, D.C.; and Neomi Rao, George Mason University School of Law, Arlington, Virginia. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY5.REC D23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D871 July 23, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 41 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3173–3213; and 9 resolutions, H.J. Res. 61; and H. Res. 372–379 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5464–67 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5468–70 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2604, to improve and reauthorize provisions 
relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid (H. Rept. 114–224); and 
H.R. 1994, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–225, Part 1).
                                                                                      Page H5464 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Duncan (TN) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5407 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Brian Bohlman, The Har-vest Church, Lexington, South Carolina.
       Page H5407 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speakers approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H5407, H5451 
Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 1599, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bio-engineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes, by a recorded vote of 275 ayes to 150 noes, Roll No. 462.
                Pages H5416–39 
Rejected the Polis motion to amend the title by 
a yea-and-nay vote of 87 yeas to 337 nays, Roll No. 463.
                                                                          Pages H5438–39 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–24, modified by the amend-ment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–216, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Agriculture now printed in the bill.
                                            Pages H5426–30 
Rejected: Pingree amendment in the nature of a substitute 
(No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–216) that sought to strike the entire bill and add back the sec-tion that creates a non-GMO certification program and label at USDA;
                                                  Page H5433 DeFazio amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–216) that sought to establish that if a U.S. company or their subsidiary labels their prod-uct as containing GMOs in any foreign country they must label the equivalent product the same way in the U.S. (by a recorded vote of 123 ayes to 303 noes, Roll No. 459);
                                       Pages H5430–31, H5436 
Huffman amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–216) that sought to ensure tribal sov-ereignty to prohibit or restrict the cultivation of ge-netically engineered plants on tribal lands (by a re-corded vote of 196 ayes to 227 noes, Roll No. 460); and
                                                         Pages H5431–32, H5436–37 
DeLauro amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–216) that sought to prohibit the use of the term ‘‘natural’’ on food when a food consists of a genetically engineered plan (by a recorded vote of 163 ayes to 262 noes, Roll No. 461). 
                                                                      Pages H5432–33, H5437 
H. Res. 369, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1599) and (H.R. 1734) was agreed to yesterday, July 22. 
Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act: The 
House passed H.R. 3009, to amend section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deny assist-ance under such section to a State or political sub-division of a State that prohibits its officials from taking certain actions with respect to immigration, by a recorded vote of 241 ayes to 179 noes, Roll No. 466.
                                                       Pages H5409–16, H5439–51 
Rejected the Jeffries motion to recommit to the 
Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 181 yeas to 239 nays, Roll No. 465.
                                Pages H5449–51 
H. Res. 370, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 3009) was agreed to by a yea-and- nay vote of 243 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 464, after the previous question was ordered. 
                                                                                    Pages H5439–40 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, July 27th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                             Pages H5453, H5463 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5409. 
Senate Referral: S. 1599 was held at the desk. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and five recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5436, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY5.REC D23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D872 July 23, 2015 
H5436–37, H5437, H5438, H5438–39, H5439–40, 
H5450–51, H5451. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:19 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
EXAMINING THE COSTS AND 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE ADMINISTRATION’S OVERTIME PROPOSAL 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Costs and Consequences of the Administration’s Overtime Proposal’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a markup on H.R. 1344, the ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act’’; H.R. 1462, the ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act’’; H.R. 1725, the ‘‘National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Reauthorization Act (NASPER)’’; and H.R. 2820, the ‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Re-search Reauthorization Act’’. H.R. 1344 was for-warded to the full committee, as amended. The fol-lowing bills were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment: H.R. 1462, H.R. 1725, and H.R. 2820. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a markup on H.R. 985, the ‘‘Concrete Masonry Products, Re-search, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’; the ‘‘Child Nicotine Poisoning Prevention Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3154, the ‘‘E-Warranty Act of 2015’’. The following bills were forwarded to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 985 and the ‘‘Child Nicotine Poi-soning Prevention Act of 2015’’. H.R. 3154 was for-warded to the full committee, without amendment. 
ENDING ‘TOO BIG TO FAIL’: WHAT IS THE 
PROPER ROLE OF CAPITAL AND LIQUIDITY? 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Ending ‘Too Big to Fail’: What is the Proper Role of Capital and Liquidity?’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
NATIONAL CREDIT UNION 
ADMINISTRATION OPERATIONS AND BUDGET 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-
nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘National Credit Union Administra-tion Operations and Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Debbie Matz, Chairman, National Credit 
Union Administration. 
AMERICA’S SECURITY ROLE IN THE SOUTH 
CHINA SEA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘America’s Security Role in the South China Sea’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
IMPLICATIONS OF A NUCLEAR 
AGREEMENT WITH IRAN, PART III 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Implications of a Nuclear Agree-ment with Iran, Part III’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
PURSUING NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY 
INDEPENDENCE: MEXICO’S ENERGY REFORMS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Pur-suing North American Energy Independence: Mexi-co’s Energy Reforms’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security held a markup on H.R. 3102, the ‘‘Airport Access Control Security Improve-ment Act of 2015’’; a Committee Print consisting of the ‘‘Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3144, the ‘‘Partners for Aviation Security Act’’. The following were reported to the full committee, as amended: H.R. 3102 and the Committee Print consisting of the ‘‘Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’. H.R. 3144 was re-ported to the full committee, without amendment. 
BUSINESS MEETING; SANCTUARY CITIES: A 
THREAT TO PUBLIC SAFETY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and Border Security held a business meeting to request Department of Homeland Security depart-mental reports on the beneficiaries of H.R. 422, for the relief of Corina de Chalup Turcinovic; and H.R. 396, for the relief of Maria Carmen Castro Ramirez and J. Refugio Carreno Rojas; and a hearing entitled ‘‘Sanctuary Cities: a Threat to Public Safety’’. The request for Department of Homeland Security de-partmental reports on H.R. 422 and H.R. 396 was approved. Testimony was heard from Scott Jones, Sheriff, Sacramento County, California; Richard Biehl, Chief of Police, Dayton Police Department, Dayton, Ohio; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY5.REC D23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D873 July 23, 2015 
NEW AND INNOVATIVE IDEAS FOR THE 
NEXT CENTURY OF OUR NATIONAL PARKS 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘New and Innova-tive Ideas for the Next Century of Our National Parks’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 564, the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Preda-tion Prevention Act’’; H.R. 1772, the ‘‘Delaware River Basin Conservation Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2168, the ‘‘West Coast Dungeness Crab Manage-ment Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Herrera Beutler and Carney; Wendi Weber, Northeast Regional Director, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service; Barry Thom, Deputy Regional Adminis-trator, West Coast Region, National Marine Fish-eries Service; and public witnesses. 
MODERNIZING THE NATIONAL PARK 
SERVICE CONCESSION PROGRAM 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing the National Park Service Concession Program’’. Testimony was heard from Lena McDowall, Chief Financial Officer, National Park Service, Department of the Interior; and public wit-nesses. 
THE EPA RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD 
MANDATE 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Over-sight, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The EPA Re-newable Fuel Standard Mandate’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MODERN TOOLS IN A MODERN WORLD: 
HOW APP TECHNOLOGY IS BENEFITTING SMALL BUSINESSES 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Health 
and Technology held a hearing entitled ‘‘Modern Tools in a Modern World: How App Technology is Benefitting Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held a markup on General Services Ad-ministration Capital Investment and Leasing Pro-
gram Resolutions; H.R. 2954, to designate the Fed-eral building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Build-ing, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’; S. 261, to designate the United States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Okla-homa City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr., United States Courthouse; and H.R. 3114, to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preserva-tion activities, and for other purposes. The General Services Administration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolutions were approved. H.R. 2954 and S. 261 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 3114 was ordered reported, as amended. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE’S AUDIT 
SELECTION PROCESS AND INTERNAL CONTROLS WITHIN THE TAX EXEMPT AND GOVERNMENT ENTITIES DIVISION 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Oversight held a hearing on the Internal Revenue Service’s audit selection process and internal controls within the Tax Exempt and Government Entities di-vision. Testimony was heard from Jay McTigue, Di-rector, Strategic Issues, Government Accountability Office; John Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Rev-enue Service; and public witnesses. 
ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-
committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a hearing on ongo-ing intelligence activities. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JULY 24, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D23JY5.REC D23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD874 July 23, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9 a.m., Friday, July 24 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will vote on the motion to 
proceed to consideration of H.R. 22, Hire More Heroes Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Monday, July 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1115, E1119 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1115 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1112 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1114 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1122 Carter, John R., Tex., E1121 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1117 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E1117 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1122 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1121 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1112 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1114 Garrett, Scott, N.J., E1122 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1117 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E1120 
Holding, George, N.C., E1111 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1111 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1123 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1113, E1114 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1113 LoBiondo, Frank A., N.J., E1120 Long, Billy, Mo., E1118 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1120 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1122 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1116 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E1121 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1117, E1119 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1117 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1117 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1113 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1115 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1119 Price, Tom, Ga., E1122 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1121 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1111 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1123 Sarbanes, John P., Md., E1111 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E1113 Sires, Albio, N.J., E1117 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1112 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1118, E1119 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1117 Young, David, Iowa, E1119, E1120, E1121, E1122 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D23JY5.REC D23JYPT1Emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST