Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H413 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2015 No. 9 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
January 20, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AVID W. 
JOLLY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
REMEMBERING SHERIFF’S DEPUTY 
DANNY OLIVER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ERA) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the memory of Sacramento County Sheriff Deputy Danny Oliver. 
Deputy Oliver had served the citizens 
of Sacramento County for 15 years when he paid the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty this past October. 
Later that day, Placer County Sher-
iff’s Investigator Michael Davis, Jr., was shot and killed by the same assail-ant. Deputy Oliver grew up in the Del 
Paso Heights neighborhood of Sac-ramento and graduated from Grant High School. He loved serving the com-munity where he grew up and dedicated his life to making it better. He was known for being part of the community that he served, answering emails from concerned citizens even when he was off duty, and never declining to attend a neighborhood meeting. 
Deputy Oliver was as dedicated to his 
family as he was to his job, and his family was dedicated to him. His wife, Susan Oliver, worked two jobs while Danny went through the sheriff’s acad-emy, where he graduated at the top of his class academically. She will be my guest tonight at the State of the Union. Susan and Danny have two daughters, Melissa and Jenny. 
The lives of Deputy Oliver and Inves-
tigator Davis are a reminder that our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day for our safety. They were true heroes, and we are for-ever indebted to them and their loved ones. Let’s honor their memory by building understanding and trust be-tween law enforcement and the com-munities they serve, just like Deputy Oliver did. 
f 
DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING AND 
PUERTO RICO STATEHOOD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day this Nation, including Puerto Rico, celebrated Martin Luther King Day. It is important to pause and reflect upon Dr. King’s legacy and its relevance to the issue of Puerto Rico’s political sta-tus. 
In the 1950s and 1960s, Dr. King was 
the most prominent leader of the civil rights movement for racial equality in the United States. He was physically brave, leading peaceful marches and 
other protests in parts of the country where some government officials and residents were willing to use violence and intimidation to maintain a system of segregation and discrimination. 
Dr. King was also remarkably elo-
quent. His speeches and writings in-
spired men and women who already supported the campaign for racial equality, but they also changed the hearts and minds of individuals who initially opposed the cause. He helped many Americans who were living in moral darkness to see the light. 
Dr. King was motivated by a sense of 
urgency. In a letter written from an Alabama jail, he stated that ‘‘justice too long delayed is justice denied.’’ But Dr. King was also strategic. Every ac-tion he took was carefully designed to advance the cause. He knew that means matter as much as ends, and he had little patience for advocates who lacked a sense of tactics and timing. 
Dr. King traveled to Puerto Rico on 
at least two occasions, but it does not appear that he expressed a considered opinion about the island’s political sta-tus. Nevertheless, based on Dr. King’s philosophy, it is fair to presume that he would be very troubled by the situa-tion in Puerto Rico. 
Dr. King regarded the right to vote as 
sacred. In a 1957 speech delivered in front of the Lincoln Memorial, he said: 
So long as I do not firmly and irrevocably 
possess the right to vote, I do not possess myself. I cannot make up my mind; it is made up for me. I cannot live as a demo-cratic citizen, observing the laws I have helped to enact; I can only submit to the edict of others. 
Nearly 50 years after Dr. King’s death 
from an assassin’s bullet, the right to vote in Federal and local elections is guaranteed to all American citizens re-gardless of race, but only if they reside 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.000 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H414 January 20, 2015 
in a U.S. State. The 3.6 million Amer-
ican citizens residing in the U.S. terri-tory of Puerto Rico are denied this sa-cred right, unable to vote for the Fed-eral leaders who make the laws that govern every aspect of their lives. We lack the very right that Dr. King lived for and the right he died for. 
The movement that Dr. King led was 
a quest for equal rights and equal op-portunities for African Americans. However, the principle that lay behind the movement and that gave it such moral power has broader application. It is the belief that there is only one cat-egory of American citizenship, not a first-class citizenship for some and a second-class citizenship for others. Every day that Puerto Rico remains a territory, an undemocratic and undig-nified status, this principle is violated. 
Dr. King taught us that achieving 
equality requires hard, determined, re-lentless work. It requires leaders who are both passionate and strategic, just as Dr. King was, but above all, it re-quires thousands upon thousands of or-dinary men and women to unite around the principle, the principle of equality, and to fight for it until it is attained. 
Dr. King’s life is a testament to the 
fundamental truth that there is no force on Earth strong enough to stop a righteous cause pursued by righteous means. Our struggle to obtain equal rights and equal opportunities for the U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico is a strug-gle for justice, and with tireless effort, we will prevail. 
f 
THE LEGACY OF DR. MARTIN 
LUTHER KING, JR. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
what an interesting coincidence. We are here today to hear from the Presi-dent of the United States, President Barack Obama, on his State of the Union. 
Just yesterday, millions of Ameri-
cans honored together the legacy and the message of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I rise today to emphasize that Dr. King’s message was not a message for one particular ethnic or racial or reli-gious group, but as I have reflected over the years, he equals the original values of this Nation. 
The Constitution begins by saying we 
have come to order a more perfect Union. It is a small document. The Bill of Rights gives flesh to the bones of the Constitution because it gives us the freedom of religion and speech and ac-cess and the ability to move around, and the right to a jury trial and the right to due process and the right to dignity, and it freed the slaves. 
But it also is a document that can 
free us from the biases that sometimes come because of isolation, and that was Dr. King. He sought for America her higher angels. He wanted her to be able to be true to her values. For those who fled persecution in faraway places, he wanted America to be that place that 
did not see color, religion, ethnicity, did not see differences because one was disabled or gay or straight, but really saw us in an equal manner. 
He marched for all people, and I 
would hope that as we begin this ses-sion of Congress, as we listen to the President of the United States, who lit-erally stands on the shoulders of Dr. Martin Luther King—for it was the Civil Rights Act of 1964 where many lost their lives and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 where a young woman by the name of Viola Liuzzo died right after the Selma march. As she was bringing back those protestors and marchers, she was shot dead. She was a white woman from Michigan. And so I pay tribute to Dr. King today, and I look forward to listening to the Presi-dent’s message that will hopefully be a message of hope and the opportunities for America to work together. 
At the same time, I remember my 
own community. I pay tribute to a place called Freedmen’s Town, founded by former slaves, and Camp Logan, a place where Black soldiers were iso-lated in World War I, but they had on the uniform of this country. 
I pay tribute to Christie Adair, Zollie 
Scales, C. Anderson Davis, Reverend F.N. Williams, and, as well, S.J. Gil-bert, Reverend J.J. Roberson, and many others who have walked the pathway, the leaders of the NAACP, the leaders of the Urban League, and many of our seniors who came to us to give us knowledge through their sac-rifices of World War II, to the Buffalo Soldiers that we see in our community all the time, and to those who have put on the uniform through the ages. All of those persons combined make up the spirit of Dr. Martin Luther King, who leaves us with the most important statement: ‘‘injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ 
As we now go on our new journey, let 
us look to respect our law enforcement but also look, as we stand alongside of the men and women in blue, that we also find a way to be able to bring jus-tice and opportunity and, as well, fair-ness to the criminal justice system. 
It takes all of us to be able to get 
that system right side up: our law en-forcement officers and their training, and then, of course, the judicial sys-tem. 
Let us look forward in Dr. King’s 
spirit of coming together, no matter what our race, color, or creed, what-ever our body says to do, to be able to do what is right. 
I said to young people when I was 
speaking about Dr. King this weekend, I used one simple theme: he had a hum-ble courage, a quiet courage. He had to make decisions in the quietness of his own presence and his own space to say, ‘‘I am willing to do what is right even though there may be danger.’’ 
He never announced and never spoke 
about words that dealt with his own personal courage. He did say that he had a peace that would allow him to see the promised land and to acknowl-
edge to us that he might not get there with us, but he knew that we as a peo-ple—and I take that ‘‘we’’ as the Amer-ican people—will get there some day. 
Let us together fix Ferguson and the 
many Fergusons around the Nation. Let us bring comfort to parents all around this Nation. Let us be reminded of Dr. King’s spirit, not just in this weekend of activities and respect and honor, but let us do it always. 
I close by simply saying, thank you 
at home to Mr. Ovide Duncantell. Mr. Duncantell has been the visionary for our efforts in Houston on honoring Dr. Martin Luther King. He first met with Daddy King and named the street, and then we were able successfully, with Federal funds and working with Mr. Duncantell, to place a Martin Luther King memorial, the first built outside of Washington, D.C., in the last 10 years. We are excited about it. We know that his spirit is not in bricks and mortar; it is living within us. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 13 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, thank You for giving us 
another day. 
The House prepares this day to wel-
come the President of the United States and other governmental, judi-cial, and military leadership of our Na-tion. The world watches as America’s great experiment in civilian self-gov-ernment is in high relief. 
May all who populate these hallways 
this day be possessed of goodwill and a shared commitment to guarantee the freedoms and responsibilities inspired by the soaring rhetoric and subsequent actions of our American ancestors. 
We know that all too often these past 
congressional sessions the terms of de-bate and consideration of issues have been more reflective of partisan poli-tics than productive problem solving. Perhaps this is to be expected, given the nature of republican forms of gov-ernment. Even so, we ask that Your blessing and inspiration come down upon our elected leaders, that they might be moved to negotiations and so-lutions beyond their own imaginings. 
May all that is said and done in this 
Chamber today redound to the benefit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.002 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H415 January 20, 2015 
of our Nation and the glory of Your 
holy name. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C UM-
MINGS ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CUMMINGS led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
THE NOVEMBER MEMO AND THE 
STATE OF THE UNION 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
President addresses the Union tonight, promising more government, more spending, and more taxes. 
Obviously the President did not read 
the November memo from America. The majority of the Union rejected the President’s policies in the election of persistent Big Government. 
King George III and the British im-
posed the Stamp Act 250 years ago this year. The colonists decried the new tax. 
Higher taxes and more confiscation 
of property and wealth is not a sound solution; after all, taxes are already too high; after all, revenue into the Federal coffers is at a record level; after all, Americans are already ham-mered by ObamaCare taxes; and after all, raising taxes is not a proven eco-nomic theory to grow the economy. We need less tax. We should consider the fair tax that does not discriminate in taxation. 
The President should remember his-
tory and not follow the old failed pol-icy of King George III of more taxes but should pivot the Union to less tax-ation, less government, and more free-dom for our citizens. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
WE SHOULD HONOR DR. KING 
EVERY DAY 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
was the day that we honor Martin Lu-ther King’s life and legacy—it should be honored every day—a great Amer-ican who stood for justice, liberty. Yet in this House, there is not a de-
sire on the other side of the aisle to in-crease the minimum wage, which would be one of the first things Dr. King would want. There is not a desire on the other side of the aisle to pass a Voting Rights Act for which Dr. King is known to have worked on the march in Selma and help bring about some 50 years ago. And there is no effort to re-duce the great disparity in wealth that threatens the middle class and threat-ens the future of democracy and the way we know America. 
We should honor Dr. King every day. 
Unfortunately, many and most of his values are being neglected by the ma-jority in this House. 
f 
REMEMBERING REBECCA D. 
LOCKHART 
(Mr. CHAFFETZ asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to remember and honor Rebecca D. Lockhart, a proud Utahn and, in fact, the immediate past speaker of the House of Representatives in Utah. Un-fortunately, she passed away just a few days ago at the young age of 46. 
Speaker Lockhart was elected to the 
Utah House in 1998. She was trained as a registered nurse, and she first served on the Health and Human Services Committee but quickly threw herself into transportation issues, for which she was widely known. 
After her fourth session, she was ap-
pointed to the house leadership as the vice chair of executive appropriations and stayed in leadership the remainder of her time. 
In fact, in 2008, then-Representative 
Lockhart was elected as the assistant majority whip, and in 2010 she became the first female speaker of the Utah House in Utah history. Her tenure was epitomized by a more collaborative bottom-up approach that focused on having an open process where all mem-bers of the body could bring forward ideas for discussion. 
Becky Lockhart and her husband, 
Stan, raised their three children in Provo, Utah. They have been stalwarts within the party, and her presence will be keenly missed. Her trailblazing leg-acy will live on. 
May God bless Rebecca D. Lockhart 
and her family. We thank her for her service, and we will miss her greatly. 
f 
LET US FIND AREAS OF COMMON 
GROUND 
(Ms. PELOSI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, this week-
end we observed the celebration of the life of the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr. He talked about engagement for the American people, for jobs, for justice, for peace, and it was pretty ex-citing to see the response across the country at a time when all of these 
issues are in the forefront. 
Tonight we will hear from the Presi-
dent of the United States. From what I hear about what he will present, it will reflect what we have seen across the country in terms of what he said last year reflected across the country: about when women succeed, America succeeds; about college affordability; about child care; about sick leave; all the kinds of issues that enable fami-lies—not just women, but families—to succeed. Hopefully it will reflect what we talked about on opening day: better infrastructure, bigger paychecks. 
As we all know, despite all of the eco-
nomic gains and all the indicators that tell us that progress has been made in our economy—and, indeed, it has—it isn’t reflected in the paychecks of America’s working families. 
So what we hear tonight, I know, will 
be in furtherance of increasing that paycheck, starting from the middle, starting from initiatives that benefit the middle class and those who aspire to it, all of it a reflection of the Amer-ican people’s thinking, all of it about engagement for policies that Reverend Martin Luther King talked about, all of it hopefully that we are able to do in a bipartisan way. 
Let us find the areas in which we 
have common ground. Let us work to-gether to get that done, build con-fidence between us in this body, among the American people, and keep Amer-ica number one in education, innova-tion, and justice and a factor for peace in the world. 
f 
RAISING TAXES DESTROYS JOBS 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, after 6 years, American work-ers continue to lose jobs under Presi-dent Obama’s failed economic policies. 
The President makes the exaggerated 
claim of job creation, but workers feel the facts. The administration’s policies have caused stagnant wages, weak eco-nomic growth, and a shift toward many Americans settling for part-time jobs. 
Raising taxes destroys jobs. The 
Washington Times reports that the 140 million employment payroll in Novem-ber was up by only 1.2 percent over what it was 4 years previously. The sta-tistic claimed by the President that the unemployment rate has gone down to 5.8 percent is inaccurate because so many people are eliminated as having stopped looking for jobs. 
In December, the labor force partici-
pation rate fell to the lowest point in over 30 years. This is not an economic recovery to be celebrating, and the American people deserve better solu-tions for jobs. 
House Republicans have passed bipar-
tisan pro-growth bills to create Amer-ican jobs. We will keep fighting to help Americans get back to work full-time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.004 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H416 January 20, 2015 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
ISIS IS NOT A REFLECTION ON 
ISLAM 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, 
this morning most Americans woke up to the news that ISIS was holding two citizens of the nation-state of Japan and, in the holding of those citizens, threatening to kill them, asked Japan to give $200 million. 
Mr. Speaker, does that sound like an 
organization that is dedicated and committed to principles however much we disagree with them, or does it sound like a group of thugs who are willing to do anything to gain money to promote their evil and dastardly acts? 
The very existence of ISIS and others 
is not a reflection on Islam. Over the weekend, we have seen so many that have expressed opposition to these ter-rible acts. That is why it is so impor-tant, as we listen to the President’s State of the Union, that the Congress, although with different opinions, agree to work on behalf of what is good for all of America, both building the econ-omy but fighting against the war on terror, not only with weapons but with educating about democracy and prin-ciples and equality and trying to win the hearts and minds. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of work to 
do. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE RECENT 
TERRORIST ATTACKS IN PARIS 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 37) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives con-demning the recent terrorist attacks in Paris that resulted in the deaths of seventeen innocent persons and offer-ing condolences to those personally af-fected by this cowardly act. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The text of the resolution is as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 37 
Whereas, on January 7, 2015, armed radical 
Islamist terrorists stormed the offices of the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo and slaughtered twelve people, including edi-
torial staff of the paper, a visitor, a security guard, a maintenance worker, and a Muslim police officer; 
Whereas terrorists Cherif and Said 
Kouachi, who carried out the attack, were located and killed by police two days later and their hostages rescued; 
Whereas Amedy Coulibaly killed a female 
police officer on January 8, 2015, and inten-tionally targeted a kosher supermarket, tak-ing multiple hostages and murdering four Jewish men on January 9, 2015, before French police raided the store, killed Coulibaly, and rescued the surviving hostages; 
Whereas Amedy Coulibaly stated that he 
had worked in coordination with Said and Cherif Kouachi and called them ‘‘brothers from our team’’; 
Whereas Hayat Boumeddiene, a fourth sus-
pect connected with the attack and the com-mon-law wife of Amedy Coulibaly, remains at large; 
Whereas the Kouachi brothers are believed 
to have traveled to Yemen in 2011 where they are reported to have received weapons train-ing and met with Anwar al-Awlaki, a senior member of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Penin-sula; 
Whereas al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 
claimed credit for the Charlie Hebdo attack; 
Whereas Amedy Coulibaly claimed to be a 
member of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria; 
Whereas radical Islamist terrorist groups, 
including the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, al-Qaeda and its affiliates world-wide, the Taliban and Haqqani network in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Ansar al-Sharia in Libya, Boko Haram in Nigeria, al-Shabaab in Somalia, Hizballah in Lebanon and Syria, Hamas in Gaza, and others, pose a growing threat to international peace and stability; 
Whereas these terrorist attacks represent 
an assault on fundamental principles essen-tial to a democratic society, including the universal right to free expression and free-dom of religion; 
Whereas the increase in anti-Semitic at-
tacks in France and throughout Europe re-mains of great concern; 
Whereas the United States and France 
share a longstanding cultural, political, and economic relationship that has greatly bene-fitted both nations; 
Whereas since the founding of our Nation, 
France has been an ally of the United States, and French soldiers have fought side-by-side with American soldiers throughout history, including during two World Wars; 
Whereas security cooperation between the 
United States and France plays an essential role in combating violent extremism in West and North Africa, the Middle East and around the world; and 
Whereas the United States is committed to 
supporting its oldest ally France in this dif-ficult time: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the House of Representa-
tives— 
(1) condemns the recent terrorist attacks 
in Paris that resulted in the tragic loss of seventeen innocent lives; 
(2) extends its deepest sympathies to all 
those affected by this tragedy; 
(3) supports the efforts of the Government 
of France to ensure that all of those individ-uals who committed or supported these at-tacks are brought to justice; 
(4) remains concerned regarding the flow of 
foreign fighters to and from the Middle East and West and North Africa and the threat posed by these individuals upon their return to their local communities; 
(5) appreciates and supports France’s con-
tinuing efforts to combat terrorism and pro-mote stability throughout the Middle East and West and North Africa; (6) appreciates France’s contributions to 
the multilateral effort to destroy the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; 
(7) recognizes the growing threat posed by 
radical Islamist terrorist groups worldwide and reaffirms the commitment of the United States to the multilateral, global fight against such violent extremists; 
(8) calls upon all nations to join a global 
effort to combat violent extremist ideologies and terrorist groups; and 
(9) remains committed to the defense of 
free expression, including religious freedom, as well as other universal values that terror-ists seek to destroy through a campaign of cowardly threats and reprehensible violence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to add any extra-neous material to the R
ECORD in this 
debate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of this resolution. The resolution con-demns the terrorist attack in France carried out by Islamist extremists ear-lier this month. 
On January 7, two armed gunmen en-
tered the offices of Charlie Hebdo, the satirical magazine in Paris, and, in a brutal, premeditated attack, killed 12 people and injured 11 others. 
The following day, as we watched 
this play out on international media, their associate, Amedy Coulibaly, shot and killed a female police officer, and in the following days with the Kouachi brothers on the run, Coulibaly targeted a kosher supermarket where he shot and killed four Jewish shoppers and took multiple hostages. Later that day, courageous French police officers stormed the supermarket, killed the attacker, and freed the hostages. 
There are no words that we can speak 
today, I think, that will comfort the families and the friends of the 17 people murdered in those terrorist attacks. 
The victims included cartoonists and 
maintenance workers, police officers, grocery shoppers, Christians, Jews, and Muslims. 
b1415 
There are no words strong enough to 
condemn these terrorists and their rad-ical jihadist ideology. 
The Charlie Hebdo offices were at-
tacked because their cartoons offended. The magazine’s editor was specifically marked as a target for death by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula’s on-line newspaper magazine called Inspire under the not-so-subtle headline, ‘‘A Bullet a Day Keeps the Infidel Away.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.006 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H417 January 20, 2015 
Indeed, the Kouachi brothers called out 
the editor’s name before they shot and killed him. 
Mr. Speaker, the attack on Charlie 
Hebdo was an attack on free speech. The right to express ideas and opin-ions, even if they are unpopular or of-fensive, is a foundation for a free soci-ety—France’s and ours. Frankly, the struggle of the Enlightenment has largely been a struggle against blas-phemy laws going all of the way back to the foundation of this Republic and our First Amendment and Jefferson’s concept of freedom of speech and free-dom of religion. 
It was not the first time that this 
magazine was attacked by terrorists. And, unfortunately, it probably won’t be the last time a media outlet like this is targeted. That is why this reso-lution resolves to uphold and defend the basic principle—free speech. 
The grocery store victims were mur-
dered because they were Jewish. In the days following, France stationed thou-sands of police officers to guard France’s Jewish schools and syna-gogues in the aftermath of the ter-rorist attacks. Alarmingly, anti-Se-mitic forces are on the rise in France and in much of Europe. 
This resolution puts the House on 
record as condemning in the strongest terms possible the Paris attacks and extends the sympathy of every Amer-ican to those affected by the tragedy. It reiterates our support for France, America’s sister republic, our oldest ally, and it calls upon all nations to join the global effort of fighting vio-lent extremism. 
This is a time to not just express sor-
row for those killed but also a time to show resolve in the face of terror. Our intelligence-sharing with allies, al-ready strong, will need to get much sharper; border checks improved; and coalition efforts to destroy ISIS will need to be stepped up. I urge all Mem-bers to support this resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of this resolu-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, the terrorist attacks by 
radical Islamists in Paris were a trag-edy for all who love peace and freedom. What happened at the offices of Charlie Hebdo and the kosher market reminds us this violent extremism remains a critical threat. I am happy to stand with the chairman here in showing strong bipartisanship once again be-cause we grieve with France, our oldest ally. Our hearts break for all those who have lost loved ones in these attacks and for all who watched this carnage spill into their peaceful city streets. 
As a New Yorker, I remember the 
outpouring of support from France fol-lowing September 11, 2011. But even as we mourn the dead, we draw inspira-tion from the displays of courage and solidarity on the streets of the City of Light, across Europe, and around the world. With the attackers still at large, 
Parisians took to the streets in mas-sive and peaceful vigils. They sent a clear message to the world: freedom and justice will not be cowed by vio-lence and terror. 
In these attacks, Mr. Speaker, the 
ancient evil of anti-Semitism once again showed its ugly face. Anti-Semi-tism is both a threat with which gov-ernments need to deal and a societal challenge requiring honest dialogue, critical self-examination, and constant vigilance. France’s deployment of spe-cial troops and extra police to Jewish sites was the right thing to do. But much more will be needed in the days ahead to ensure that Europe’s largest Jewish community is safe from attack and free from fear. 
Just as America stands with the peo-
ple of France against terrorism, Ameri-cans also stand shoulder to shoulder with European Jewry. 
That is the message we are sending 
today with this resolution. Whether in Paris or New York, Moscow or Jeru-salem, whether homegrown or im-ported, whether targeting Jews, Mus-lims, Christians, or anyone else, vio-lent extremism has no place in a civ-ilized world. We will continue to work with our friends and allies to put a stop to this threat. It is important that Congress go on record as strongly op-posed to this violence. We will do what-ever it takes to secure the future of freedom and democracy. 
Mr. Speaker, I am Jewish—Je suis 
Juif. I am Charlie—Je suis Charlie. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this resolution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), the 
chairman of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade, and the author of this measure. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this resolution to the House floor so quickly. 
Mr. Speaker, it was a cold winter 
morning in Paris just before lunchtime when two masked men with AK–47s ap-proached a woman standing outside the door of the Charlie Hebdo newspaper, forcing her to let them in. 
Once inside the door, they gunned 
down the security guard in the lobby and ran up to the second floor shout-ing, ‘‘Where is Charb? Where is Charb?’’ Charb is the nickname of the news-paper’s editor, Mr. Charbonnier. After reaching their target, they executed him and 10 others. They exited the building shouting, ‘‘Allahu Akbar,’’ or ‘‘God is the greatest.’’ Then they sped off. They would kill an injured Muslim police officer lying on the ground be-fore they fled. 
The two terrorists got away, but not 
for long. French law enforcement found and killed the men in a standoff near the Paris airport. That same day, an-other terrorist killed a female police officer and attacked a kosher super-
market and murdered four Jewish men. Once again, French law enforcement took care of the terrorists and rescued the hostages. 
These terrorists killed because they 
didn’t like what people had to say. Mr. Speaker, it is a fundamental human right to have freedom of expression, freedom of press, freedom of speech, and freedom of religion. No amount of violence can take those rights away from us. It is basic. 
Mr. Speaker, this resolution says we 
are not going to let Islamic radical ter-rorists steal those rights from anyone, whether it is the French, whether it is someone else in the world or even here in America. Mr. Speaker, after all, they killed at the kosher cafe because they not only didn’t like what people were saying, they didn’t like those peo-ple because they were Jews. 
France did an excellent job bringing 
swift justice down on these terrorists, but the fight is certainly not over. There may be, and probably are, hun-dreds of others around the world plot-ting to kill neighbors and countrymen and people in other Nations because those terrorists don’t agree with what those people say or what those people look like or what those people’s per-sonal religion may be. They think they have the right to kill in the name of a radical Islamic religion. 
Mr. Speaker, the threat is serious 
and it is deadly. This resolution re-members those folks who were killed because they believed the way they did or because they looked the way they looked or because their religion was different than others. We mourn when the French mourn. As stated earlier, the French are our oldest and first ally. 
In fact, Mr. Speaker, we have two 
portraits in this House Chamber, one of George Washington and one of Lafay-ette, the first great Frenchman who helped the United States. We have a close bond with the French. And it is important that we let them, the world, and especially the terrorists know that our bond with freedom-loving countries will remain strong, especially in time 
of need, when people are attacked be-cause of their beliefs and the idea that they can express a difference of opin-ion. 
I want to congratulate French law 
enforcement for their speedy and quick resolve in disposing of these terrorists, and we should let them know that we appreciate all law enforcement who fight back against terrorists who want to kill us because we don’t agree with them. 
Once again, I thank the chairman 
and the ranking member for bringing this resolution to the House floor. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.008 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H418 January 20, 2015 
Mr. P OEfor their leadership in bringing 
the House together on a very impor-tant issue. 
Earlier today I stood and spoke about 
the tragic news that we heard early this morning of two Japanese citizens being held and ISIS asking for $200 mil-lion. 
The work of these individuals in 
Paris, France, and beyond was in their mind a connectedness to al Qaeda and others, proudly so, as they slaughtered those individuals who chose to lift up liberte in the spirit of the French peo-ple and take to the pen and assess the atmosphere of the day and provide humor to it. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not comment on 
one person’s opinion, but I do know that liberte, democracy, liberty, and our own beliefs give every human being dignity and the freedom of expression, the free press, the right to free speech and religion, and I believe these are very valuable ideals. And so this reso-lution speaks to that by condemning the heinousness of the act. 
How many families—children, moth-
ers, and fathers—were impacted by the loss of their loved ones? What a trag-edy to see a police officer gunned down in the street who asked, as I reflect on the words as I recall them, to be left alone, and yet was shot again, and other officers in the line of duty being subjected to the violence of these indi-viduals. 
This is an intolerable situation that 
should not be tolerated. But we are hearing from the voices of these ter-rorist groups that they are now asking individuals to stay in place, to stay at home and create jihad. At the same time, I have heard voices from the Islam extended community, people of the faith, Islamic faith, and I have heard them condemn these violent acts. I have heard them condemn these acts as not reflecting their faith. 
Then again, as we watched an indi-
vidual slaughter Jewish persons in a kosher market purposely because of their faith, we cannot tolerate that. In one single voice, we should rise up as this resolution, H. Res. 37, says to ex-press the affection for all people and their right to exist. That is, if you will, a universal phenomenon, to allow indi-vidual persons and individuals to exist without threat of heinous violence. As I talked about Dr. Martin Luther King, I said the very words he has com-mended to us: Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. ENGEL. I yield an additional 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. As we begin this 
journey into a new year, I don’t know how much we will be confronted with these horrible acts. I am on the Home-land Security Committee, and for a long time we were seeing the signs of what I call franchise terrorism. But I do know that it has to be a world, a global effort, but it also has to, as I began to talk about earlier, reach the 
hearts and minds of young men and possibly women who are being sub-jected to radicalism on the Internet or elsewhere. 
We have to stop that bleeding, if you 
will, and begin to promote openly our values, which include respect for reli-gious differences. As we do that, I be-lieve it will be well worth the invest-ment because we don’t know where this is going to end, and we certainly need to say to the American people that we are committed, in essence that we are on top of it, and that we have many so-lutions to this tragic problem. 
So I rise in support of H. Res. 37 for 
its condemnation and recognition of where we are today, and I ask for us to 
address this in a multitude of ways in order to have peace in this world and in our Nation. 
b1430 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Je suis Juif, I am Jewish. Mr. Speak-
er, Je suis Charlie, I am Charlie Hebdo. This is what we are all saying collec-tively as a Congress as we debate this bill today. This is what the people of France were saying and have been say-ing ever since the tragedy happened. People with placards and banners were carrying them high above France to show solidarity in the fight against terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, we have had an impor-
tant conversation here in the House. I am heartened by the expressions of unity and resolve, and I hope they pro-vide a measure of comfort to those families that are suffering who had loved ones who were killed and those who were wounded by this recent at-tack. 
Symbolism looms hard in foreign af-
fairs, and with this resolution, we de-liver a powerful message. We deliver it on the day the President is going to speak with us in the State of the Union, and I think nothing could be stronger than for this House unani-mously to fight terrorism, to reject terrorism, and, again, to say, ‘‘Je suis Juif, Je suis Charlie.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-
gressman P
OEfrom Texas, chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, for authoring this important resolution; but I also want to thank our ranking member, E
LIOT ENGEL of New York, for his sup-
port in bringing this resolution to the floor to ensure that we speak with one voice on issues of violent extremism and to ensure that we stand with our ally France at this difficult time. 
Last week, many Members visited 
the Foreign Affairs Committee to sign a condolence book and greet the French Ambassador in person. Mr. E
NGEL and I thanked them for their 
show of solidarity in this. Mr. Speaker, the ultimate reality is 
that these attacks in Paris are indic-ative of a resurgent terrorist threat from radical Islamist extremists. The brothers were connected to al Qaeda in Yemen, a particularly active and dead-ly al Qaeda franchise. The kosher mar-ket gunman pledged his allegiance to ISIS, which now controls parts of Iraq and Syria and has specifically targeted Americans. 
Up to 5,000 Europeans are believed 
now to have traveled to Syria to fight or get training. Whether from orga-
nized groups or returning foreign fight-ers or lone wolves, the terrorist threat is real, and it is growing. 
These are not criminals united by 
happenstance but by a militant jihadi impulse united by ideology, by doc-trine, and by practice, its adherents drawn all the way from Africa to Southeast Asia, from the Middle East to the Caucasus. 
Unlike some of the rhetoric we have 
heard by some here in Washington, in every corner of the globe, terrorist groups are growing in number, and they are growing in strength. In Eu-rope, France is at the front lines of a dangerous and growing ideology that has, again, demonstrated that it knows no bounds. 
As we face an expanding and evolving 
threat, it is imperative that we un-equivocally condemn attacks on free-dom of speech, condemn attacks on re-ligious pluralism, and reaffirm our re-solve to fight extremism. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 37. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 36 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 36. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 36 
Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to remove myself as a cosponsor of H.R. 36. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. After 
consultation among the Speaker and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.009 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H419 January 20, 2015 
the majority and minority leaders, and 
with their consent, the Chair an-nounces that, when the two Houses meet tonight in joint session to hear an address by the President of the United States, only the doors imme-diately opposite the Speaker and those immediately to his left and right will be open. 
No one will be allowed on the floor of 
the House who does not have the privi-lege of the floor of the House. Due to the large attendance that is antici-pated, the rule regarding the privilege of the floor must be strictly enforced. Children of Members will not be per-mitted on the floor. The cooperation of all Members is requested. 
The practice of purporting to reserve 
seats prior to the joint session by placement of placards or personal items will not be allowed. Chamber Se-curity may remove these items from the seats. Members may reserve their seats only by physical presence fol-lowing the security sweep of the Cham-ber. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 36 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1625 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) at 4 o’clock 
and 25 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 161, NATURAL GAS PIPELINE PERMITTING REFORM ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 36, PAIN-CAPABLE UN-BORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–3) on the resolution (H. Res. 38) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 161) to provide for the timely consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to the siting, construction, expansion, or operation of any natural gas pipeline projects, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 8:35 p.m. for the purpose of receiving in joint session the President of the United States. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 26 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2035 
JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS 
PURSUANT TO HOUSE CONCUR-RENT RESOLUTION 7 TO RE-CEIVE A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at 8 o’clock and 35 minutes p.m. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms, Ms. Kathleen Joyce, announced the Vice President and Members of the U.S. Senate, who entered the Hall of the House of Representatives, the Vice President taking the chair at the right of the Speaker, and the Members of the Senate the seats reserved for them. 
The SPEAKER. The joint session will 
come to order. 
The Chair appoints as members of 
the committee on the part of the House to escort the President of the United States into the Chamber: 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
M
CCARTHY ); 
The gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. 
SCALISE ); 
The gentlewoman from Washington 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS ); 
The gentleman from Oregon (Mr. 
WALDEN ); 
The gentleman from Indiana (Mr. 
MESSER ); 
The gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. 
JENKINS ); 
The gentlewoman from North Caro-
lina (Ms. F OXX); 
The gentlewoman from California 
(Ms. P ELOSI ); 
The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
HOYER ); 
The gentleman from South Carolina 
(Mr. C LYBURN ); 
The gentleman from California (Mr. 
BECERRA ); 
The gentleman from New York (Mr. 
CROWLEY ); 
The gentlewoman from Connecticut 
(Ms. D ELAURO ); 
The gentlewoman from Maryland 
(Ms. E DWARDS ); and 
The gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. 
TAKAI). 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Presi-
dent of the Senate, at the direction of that body, appoints the following Sen-ators as members of the committee on the part of the Senate to escort the President of the United States into the House Chamber: 
The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. 
M
CCONNELL ); 
The Senator from Texas (Mr. C OR-
NYN); 
The Senator from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ); 
The Senator from South Dakota (Mr. 
THUNE ); 
The Senator from Wyoming (Mr. 
BARRASSO ); 
The Senator from Missouri (Mr. 
BLUNT ); 
The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. 
WICKER ); The Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN); 
The Senator from New York (Mr. 
SCHUMER ); 
The Senator from Washington (Mrs. 
MURRAY ); 
The Senator from Vermont (Mr. 
LEAHY ); 
The Senator from Montana (Mr. 
TESTER ); 
The Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TA-
BENOW ); and 
The Senator from Minnesota (Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ). 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Dean of the Diplo-matic Corps, His Excellency Roble Olhaye, Ambassador from the Republic of Djibouti. 
The Dean of the Diplomatic Corps en-
tered the Hall of the House of Rep-resentatives and took the seat reserved for him. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Chief Justice of the United States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court. 
The Chief Justice of the United 
States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms announced the Cabinet of the President of the United States. 
The members of the Cabinet of the 
President of the United States entered the Hall of the House of Representa-tives and took the seats reserved for them in front of the Speaker’s rostrum. 
At 9 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m., the 
Sergeant at Arms, the Honorable Paul D. Irving, announced the President of the United States. 
The President of the United States, 
escorted by the committee of Senators and Representatives, entered the Hall of the House of Representatives and stood at the Clerk’s desk. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) The SPEAKER. Members of the Con-
gress, I have the high privilege and the distinct honor of presenting to you the President of the United States. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) The PRESIDENT. Mr. Speaker, Mr. 
Vice President, Members of Congress, my fellow Americans: 
We are 15 years into this new cen-
tury—15 years that dawned with terror touching our shores, that unfolded with a new generation fighting two long and costly wars, that saw a vi-cious recession spread across our Na-tion and the world. It has been, and still is, a hard time for many. 
But, tonight, we turn the page. Tonight, after a breakthrough year 
for America, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999. Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the finan-cial crisis. More of our kids are grad-uating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before. And we are as free from the grip of for-eign oil as we have been in almost 30 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.011 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H420 January 20, 2015 
Tonight, for the first time since 9/11, 
our combat mission in Afghanistan is over. Six years ago, nearly 180,000 American troops served in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Today, fewer than 15,000 re-main. 
And we salute the courage and sac-
rifice of every man and woman in this 9/11 generation who has served to keep us safe. We are humbled and grateful for your service. 
America, for all that we have en-
dured, for all the grit and hard work required to come back, for all the tasks that lie ahead, know this: the shadow of crisis has passed, and the state of the Union is strong. 
At this moment, with a growing 
economy, shrinking deficits, bustling industry, and booming energy produc-tion, we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other nation on Earth. It is now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years and for decades to come. 
Will we accept an economy where 
only a few of us do spectacularly well, or will we commit ourselves to an economy that generates rising incomes and chances for everyone who makes the effort? 
Will we approach the world fearful 
and reactive, dragged into costly con-flicts that strain our military and set back our standing, or will we lead wise-ly, using all elements of our power to defeat new threats and protect our planet? 
Will we allow ourselves to be sorted 
into factions and turned against one another, or will we recapture the sense 
of common purpose that has always propelled America forward? 
In 2 weeks, I will send this Congress 
a budget filled with ideas that are prac-tical, not partisan; and in the months ahead, I will crisscross the country, making a case for those ideas. So, to-night, I want to focus less on a check-list of proposals and focus more on the values at stake in the choices before us. 
It begins with our economy. Seven years ago, Rebekah and Ben 
Erler of Minneapolis were newlyweds. She waited tables. He worked construc-tion. Their first child, Jack, was on the way. They were young and in love in America, and it doesn’t get much bet-ter than that. 
‘‘If only we had known,’’ Rebekah 
wrote to me last spring, ‘‘what was about to happen to the housing and construction market.’’ 
As the crisis worsened, Ben’s busi-
ness dried up, so he took what jobs he could find even if they kept him on the road for long stretches of time. Re-bekah took out student loans, enrolled in community college, and retrained for a new career. They sacrificed for each other, and, slowly, it paid off. They bought their first home. They had a second son, Henry. Rebekah got a better job and then a raise. Ben is back in construction and home for dinner every night. 
‘‘It is amazing,’’ Rebekah wrote, 
‘‘what you can bounce back from when you have to . . . we are a strong, tight- 
knit family who has made it through some very, very hard times.’’ 
We are a strong, tight-knit family 
who has made it through some very, very hard times. 
America, Rebekah and Ben’s story is 
our story. They represent the millions who have worked hard and scrimped and sacrificed and retooled. You are the reason that I ran for this office. You are the people I was thinking of 6 years ago today, in the darkest months of the crisis, when I stood on the steps of this Capitol and promised we would rebuild our economy on a new founda-tion; and it has been your resilience— your effort—that has made it possible for our country to emerge stronger. 
We believed we could reverse the tide 
of outsourcing and draw new jobs to our shores, and over the past 5 years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs. 
We believed we could reduce our de-
pendence on foreign oil and protect our planet, and, today, America is number one in oil and gas. America is number one in wind power. Every 3 weeks, we bring online as much solar power as we did in all of 2008. And thanks to lower gas prices and higher fuel standards, the typical family this year should save about $750 at the pump. 
We believed we could prepare our 
kids for a more competitive world, and, today, our younger students have earned the highest math and reading scores on record. Our high school grad-uation rate has hit an all-time high, and more Americans finish college than ever before. 
We believed that sensible regulations 
could prevent another crisis, shield families from ruin, and encourage fair competition. Today, we have new tools to stop taxpayer-funded bailouts and a new consumer watchdog to protect us from predatory lending and abusive credit card practices, and in the past year alone, about 10 million uninsured Americans finally gained the security of health coverage. 
At every step, we were told our goals 
were misguided or too ambitious, that we would crush jobs and explode defi-cits. Instead, we have seen the fastest economic growth in over a decade, our deficits cut by two-thirds, a stock mar-ket that has doubled, and health care inflation at its lowest rate in 50 years. This is good news, people. 
So the verdict is clear. Middle class 
economics works, expanding oppor-tunity works, and these policies will continue to work, as long as politics don’t get in the way. We can’t slow 
down businesses or put our economy at risk with government shutdowns or fis-cal showdowns. 
We can’t put the security of families 
at risk by taking away their health in-surance or unraveling the new rules on Wall Street or refighting past battles on immigration when we have got to fix a broken system. And if a bill comes to my desk that tries to do any of these things, I will veto it. It will earn my veto. Today, thanks to a growing economy, 
the recovery is touching more and more lives. Wages are finally starting to rise again. We know that more small business owners plan to raise their em-ployees’ pay than at any time since 2007. 
But here is the thing. Those of us 
here tonight, we need to set our sights higher than just making sure govern-ment doesn’t screw things up and halt the progress we are making. We need to do more than just do no harm. Tonight, together, let’s do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American be-cause families like Rebekah’s still need our help. 
She and Ben are working as hard as 
ever but have to forego vacations and a new car so that they can pay off stu-dent loans and save for retirement. Fri-day-night pizza, that is a big splurge. 
Basic childcare for Jack and Henry 
costs more than their mortgage and al-most as much as a year at the Univer-sity of Minnesota. Like millions of hardworking Americans, Rebekah isn’t asking for a handout, but she is asking that we look for more ways to help families get ahead. 
In fact, at every moment of economic 
change throughout our history, this country has taken bold action to adapt to new circumstances and to make sure everyone gets a fair shot. We set up worker protections, Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to protect our-selves from the harshest adversity. We gave our citizens schools and colleges, infrastructure and the Internet—tools they needed to go as far as their efforts and their dreams will take them. 
That is what middle class economics 
is: the idea that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, ev-eryone does their fair share, and every-one plays by the same set of rules. We don’t just want everyone to share in America’s success; we want everyone to contribute to our success. 
So what does middle class economics 
require in our time? 
First, middle class economics means 
helping working families feel more se-cure in a world of constant change. That means helping folks afford childcare, college, health care, a home, 
retirement; and my budget will address each of these issues, lowering the taxes of working families and putting thou-sands of dollars back into their pockets each year. 
Here is one example. During World 
War II, when men like my grandfather went off to war, having women like my grandmother in the workforce was a national security priority, so this country provided universal childcare. 
In today’s economy, when having 
both parents in the workforce is an economic necessity for many families, we need affordable, high-quality childcare more than ever. It is not a nice-to-have; it is a must-have. 
It is time we stop treating childcare 
as a side issue or a women’s issue and treat it like the national economic pri-ority that it is for all of us, and that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.013 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H421 January 20, 2015 
why my plan will make quality 
childcare more available and more af-fordable for every middle class and low-income family with young children in America—by creating more slots and a new tax cut of up to $3,000 per child, per year. 
Here is another example. Today, we 
are the only advanced country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave to our workers. Forty-three million workers have no paid sick leave. Forty-three million. Think about that. And that forces too many parents to make the gut-wrenching choice between a pay-check and a sick kid at home. So I will be taking new action to help States adopt paid leave laws of their own. 
And since paid sick leave won where 
it was on the ballot last November, let’s put it to a vote right here in Washington. Send me a bill that gives every worker in America the oppor-tunity to earn 7 days of paid sick leave. It is the right thing to do. 
Of course, nothing helps families 
make ends meet like higher wages. That is why this Congress still needs to pass a law that makes sure a woman is paid the same as a man for doing the same work. Really. It is 2015. It is time. 
We still need to make sure employees 
get the overtime they have earned. And to everyone in this Congress who still refuses to raise the minimum wage, I say this: If you truly believe you could work full time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, try it. If not, vote to give millions of the hardest- working people in America a raise. 
Now, these ideas won’t make every-
body rich, won’t relieve every hardship. That is not the job of government. To give working families a fair shot, we still need more employers to see be-yond next quarter’s earnings and rec-ognize that investing in their work-force is in their company’s long-term interest. We still need laws that strengthen, rather than weaken, unions and give American workers a voice. 
But, you know, things like child care 
and sick leave and equal pay, things like lower mortgage premiums and a higher minimum wage, these ideas will make a meaningful difference in the lives of millions of families. That is a fact. And that is what all of us, Repub-licans and Democrats alike, were sent here to do. 
Now, second, to make sure folks keep 
earning higher wages down the road, we have to do more to help Americans upgrade their skills. 
America thrived in the 20th century 
because we made high school free, sent a generation of GIs to college, trained the best workforce in the world. We were ahead of the curve. But other countries caught on, and in a 21st cen-tury economy that rewards knowledge like never before, we need to up our game. We need to do more. 
By the end of this decade, two in 
three job openings will require some higher education, two in three. And yet, we still live in a country where too many bright, striving Americans are 
priced out of the education they need. It is not fair to them, and it is sure not smart for our future. 
That is why I am sending this Con-
gress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community college to zero. 
Keep in mind, 40 percent of our col-
lege students choose community col-lege. Some are young and starting out. Some are older and looking for a better job. Some are veterans and single par-ents trying to transition back into the job market. Whoever you are, this plan is your chance to graduate ready for the new economy without a load of debt. 
Understand, you have got to earn it. 
You have got to keep your grades up and graduate on time. Tennessee, a State with Republican leadership, and Chicago, a city with Democratic lead-ership, are showing that free commu-nity college is possible. I want to spread that idea all across America, that 2 years of college becomes as free and universal in America as high school is today. 
Let’s stay ahead of the curve. And I 
want to work with this Congress to make sure those already burdened with student loans can reduce their monthly payments so that student debt doesn’t derail anyone’s dreams. 
Thanks to Vice President B
IDEN’s 
great work to update our job training system, we are connecting community colleges with local employers to train workers to fill high-paying jobs like coding and nursing and robotics. To-night I am also asking more businesses to follow the lead of companies like CVS and UPS and offer more edu-cational benefits and paid apprentice-ships, opportunities that give workers the chance to earn higher-paying jobs even if they don’t have a higher edu-cation. 
And as a new generation of veterans 
comes home, we owe them every oppor-tunity to live the American Dream they helped defend. 
Already, we have made strides to-
wards ensuring that every veteran has access to the highest-quality care. We are slashing the backlog that had too many veterans waiting years to get the benefits they need, and we are making it easier for vets to translate their training and experience into civilian jobs. And Joining Forces, the national campaign launched by Michelle and Jill Biden—thank you, Michelle; thank you, Jill—has helped nearly 700,000 vet-erans and military spouses get a new job. 
So to every CEO in America, let me 
repeat: If you want somebody who is going to get the job done and done right, hire a veteran. 
Finally, as we better train our work-
ers, we need the new economy to keep churning out high-wage jobs for our workers to fill. 
Since 2010, America has put more 
people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined. Our manufacturers have added almost 800,000 new jobs. Some of 
our bedrock sectors, like our auto in-dustry, are booming. But there are also millions of Americans who work jobs 
that didn’t even exist 10 or 20 years ago, jobs at companies like Google and eBay and Tesla. 
So no one knows for certain which 
industries will generate the jobs of the future. But we do know we want them here in America. We know that. And that is why the third part of middle class economics is all about building the most competitive economy any-where, the place where businesses want to locate and hire. 
Twenty-first century businesses need 
21st century infrastructure, modern ports and stronger bridges, faster trains and the fastest Internet. Demo-crats and Republicans used to agree on this. So let’s set our sights higher than a single oil pipeline. Let’s pass a bipar-tisan infrastructure plan that could create more than 30 times as many jobs per year and make this country strong-er for decades to come. Let’s do it. Let’s get it done. Let’s get it done. 
Twenty-first century businesses, in-
cluding small businesses, need to sell more American products overseas. Today, our businesses export more than ever, and exporters tend to pay their workers higher wages. But as we speak, China wants to write the rules for the world’s fastest-growing region. That would put our workers and our businesses at a disadvantage. Why would we let that happen? 
We should write those rules. We 
should level the playing field. That is why I am asking both parties to give me trade promotion authority to pro-tect American workers with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that aren’t just free but are also fair. It is the right thing to do. 
Look, I am the first one to admit 
that past trade deals haven’t always lived up to the hype, and that is why we have gone after countries that break the rules at our expense. But 95 percent of the world’s customers live outside our borders. We can’t close our-selves off from those opportunities. More than half of manufacturing ex-ecutives have said they are actively looking to bring jobs back from China. Let’s give them one more reason to get it done. 
Twenty-first century businesses will 
rely on American science and tech-nology, research and development. I want the country that eliminated polio and mapped the human genome to lead a new era of medicine, one that deliv-ers the right treatment at the right time. In some patients with cystic fi-brosis, this approach has reversed a disease once thought unstoppable. So tonight, I am launching a new Preci-sion Medicine Initiative to bring us closer to curing diseases like cancer and diabetes, and to give all of us ac-cess to the personalized information we need to keep ourselves and our families healthier. We can do this. 
I intend to protect a free and open 
Internet, extend its reach to every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.015 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H422 January 20, 2015 
classroom and every community, and 
help folks build the fastest networks so that the next generation of digital innovators and entrepreneurs have the platform to keep reshaping our world. 
I want Americans to win the race for 
the kinds of discoveries that unleash new jobs: converting sunlight into liq-uid fuel; creating revolutionary pros-thetics so that a veteran who gave his arms for his country can play catch with his kids again; pushing out into the solar system not just to visit, but to stay. 
Now, last month, we launched a new 
spacecraft as part of a reenergized space program that will send American astronauts to Mars; and in 2 months, to prepare us for those missions, Scott Kelly will begin a year-long stay in space. 
So good luck, Captain. Make sure to 
Instagram it. We are proud of you. 
Now, the truth is, when it comes to 
issues like infrastructure and basic re-search, I know there is bipartisan sup-port in this Chamber. Members of both parties have told me so. Where we too often run onto the rocks is how to pay for these investments. 
As Americans, we don’t mind paying 
our fair share of taxes as long as every-body else does too. But for far too long, lobbyists have rigged the Tax Code with loopholes that let some corpora-tions pay nothing while others pay full freight. They have riddled it with give-aways that the superrich don’t need while denying a break to middle class families who do. 
This year, we have an opportunity to 
change that. Let’s close loopholes so we stop rewarding companies that keep profits abroad and reward those that invest here in America. Let’s use those savings to rebuild our infrastructure and to make it more attractive for companies to bring jobs home. Let’s simplify the system and let a small business owner file based on her actual bank statement instead of the number of accountants she can afford. And let’s close the loopholes that lead to in-equality, by allowing the top 1 percent to avoid paying taxes on their accumu-lated wealth. We can use that money to help more families pay for child care and send their kids to college. 
We need a Tax Code that truly helps 
working Americans try to get a leg up in the new economy. And we can achieve that together. We can achieve it together. 
Helping hardworking families make 
ends meet, giving them the tools they need for good-paying jobs in this new economy, and maintaining the condi-
tions of growth and competitiveness, this is where America needs to go. I be-lieve it is where the American people want to go. It will make our economy stronger a year from now, 15 years from now, and deep into the century ahead. 
Of course, if there is one thing this 
new century has taught us, it is that we cannot separate our work here at home from challenges beyond our shores. My first duty as Commander in Chief 
is to defend the United States of Amer-ica. In doing so, the question is not whether America leads in the world, but how. When we make rash deci-sions—reacting to the headlines in-stead of using our heads—when the first response to a challenge is to send in our military, then we risk getting drawn into unnecessary conflicts and neglect the broader strategy we need for a safer, more prosperous world. That is what our enemies want us to do. 
I believe in a smarter kind of Amer-
ican leadership. We lead best when we combine military power with strong di-plomacy, when we leverage our power with coalition building, when we don’t let our fears blind us to the opportuni-ties that this new century presents. That is exactly what we are doing right now, and around the globe, it is mak-ing a difference. 
First, we stand united with people 
around the world who have been tar-geted by terrorists, from a school in Pakistan to the streets of Paris. We will continue to hunt down terrorists and dismantle their networks; and we reserve the right to act unilaterally, as we have done relentlessly since I took office, to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to us and our allies. 
At the same time, we have learned 
some costly lessons over the last 13 years. 
Instead of Americans patrolling the 
valleys of Afghanistan, we have trained their security forces, who have now taken the lead; and we have honored our troops’ sacrifice by supporting that country’s first democratic transition. 
Instead of sending large ground 
forces overseas, we are partnering with nations from south Asia to north Afri-ca to deny safe haven to terrorists who threaten America. In Iraq and Syria, American leadership, including our military power, is stopping ISIL’s ad-vance. 
Instead of getting dragged into an-
other ground war in the Middle East, we are leading a broad coalition, in-cluding Arab nations, to degrade and ultimately destroy this terrorist group. We are also supporting a moderate op-position in Syria that can help us in this effort and are assisting people ev-erywhere who stand up to the bankrupt ideology of violent extremism. 
Now, this effort will take time. It 
will require focus. But we will succeed. And tonight, I call on this Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a resolution to authorize the use of force against ISIL. We need that authority. 
Second, we are demonstrating the 
power of American strength and diplo-macy. We are upholding the principle that bigger nations can’t bully the small, by opposing Russian aggression and supporting Ukraine’s democracy and reassuring our NATO allies. 
Last year, as we were doing the hard 
work of imposing sanctions, along with our allies, as we were reinforcing our presence with the frontline States, Mr. 
Putin’s aggression, it was suggested, was a masterful display of strategy and strength. That is what I heard from some folks. Well, today it is America that stands strong and united with our allies, while Russia is isolated with its economy in tatters. 
That is how America leads—not with 
bluster but with persistent, steady re-solve. 
In Cuba, we are ending a policy that 
was long past its expiration date. When what you are doing doesn’t work for 50 years, it is time to try something new. Our shift in Cuba policy has the poten-tial to end a legacy of mistrust in our hemisphere. It removes a phony excuse for restrictions in Cuba, stands up for democratic values, and extends the hand of friendship to the Cuban people. 
And this year, Congress should begin 
the work of ending the embargo. As His Holiness, Pope Francis, has said, diplo-macy is the work of ‘‘small steps.’’ These small steps have added up to new hope for the future in Cuba. 
And after years in prison, we are 
overjoyed that Alan Gross is back home where he belongs. 
Welcome home, Alan. We are glad 
you are here. 
Our diplomacy is at work with re-
spect to Iran where, for the first time in a decade, we have halted the progress of its nuclear program and re-duced its stockpile of nuclear material. Between now and this spring, we have a chance to negotiate a comprehensive agreement that prevents a nuclear- armed Iran, secures America and our allies—including Israel—while avoiding yet another Middle East conflict 
There are no guarantees that nego-
tiations will succeed, and I keep all op-tions on the table to prevent a nuclear Iran. But new sanctions passed by this Congress at this moment in time will all but guarantee that diplomacy fails—alienating America from its al-lies, making it harder to maintain sanctions, and ensuring that Iran starts up its nuclear program again. 
It doesn’t make sense, and that is 
why I will veto any new sanctions bill that threatens to undo this progress. The American people expect us to only go to war as a last resort, and I intend to stay true to that wisdom. 
Third, we are looking beyond the 
issues that have consumed us in the past to shape the coming century. No foreign nation and no hacker should be able to shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets, or invade the privacy of American families, especially our kids. So we are making sure our gov-ernment integrates intelligence to combat cyber threats, just as we have done to combat terrorism. 
Tonight, I urge this Congress to fi-
nally pass the legislation we need to better meet the evolving threat of cyber attacks, combat identity theft, and protect our children’s information. That should be a bipartisan effort. 
If we don’t act, we will leave our Na-
tion and our economy vulnerable. If we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.017 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H423 January 20, 2015 
do, we can continue to protect the 
technologies that have unleashed un-told opportunities for people around the globe. 
In west Africa, our troops, our sci-
entists, our doctors, our nurses, and our health care workers are rolling back Ebola, saving countless lives and stopping the spread of disease. I could not be prouder of them, and I thank this Congress for your bipartisan sup-port of their efforts. 
But the job is not yet done, and the 
world needs to use this lesson to build a more effective global effort to pre-vent the spread of future pandemics, invest in smart development, and eradicate extreme poverty. 
In the Asia Pacific, we are modern-
izing alliances while making sure that other nations play by the rules in how they trade, how they resolve maritime disputes, and how they participate in meeting common international chal-lenges like nonproliferation and dis-aster relief; and no challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change. 
2014 was the planet’s warmest year on 
record. Now, 1 year doesn’t make a trend, but this does: 14 of the 15 warm-est years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century. 
I have heard some folks try to dodge 
the evidence by saying they are not scientists and that we don’t have enough information to act. Well, I am not a scientist either, but you know what, I know a lot of really good sci-entists at NASA, at NOAA, and at our major universities. 
The best scientists in the world are 
all telling us that our activities are changing the climate, and if we don’t act forcefully, we will continue to see rising oceans; longer, hotter heat waves; dangerous droughts and floods; and massive disruptions that can trig-ger greater migration, conflict, and hunger around the globe. 
The Pentagon says that climate 
change poses immediate risks to our national security. We should act like it. That is why, over the past 6 years, we have done more than ever to com-bat climate change, from the way we produce energy to the way we use it; that is why we have set aside more 
public lands and waters than any ad-ministration in history; and that is why I will not let this Congress endan-ger the health of our children by turn-ing back the clock on our efforts. 
I am determined to make sure that 
American leadership drives inter-national action. In Beijing, we made an historic announcement. The United States will double the pace at which we cut carbon pollution, and China com-mitted for the first time to limiting their emissions. 
Because the world’s two largest 
economies came together, other na-tions are now stepping up and offering hope that, this year, the world will fi-nally reach an agreement to protect the one planet we have got. 
There is one last pillar of our leader-
ship, and that is the example of our values. As Americans, we respect 
human dignity even when we are threatened, which is why I have prohib-ited torture and worked to make sure our use of new technology, like drones, is properly constrained. 
It is why we speak out against the 
deplorable anti-Semitism that has re-surfaced in certain parts of the world. It is why we continue to reject offen-sive stereotypes of Muslims, the vast majority of whom share our commit-ment to peace. 
That is why we defend free speech; 
advocate for political prisoners; and condemn the persecution of women or religious minorities or people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. We do these things not only because they are the right thing to do, but be-cause, ultimately, they will make us safer. 
As Americans, we have a profound 
commitment to justice, so it makes no sense to spend $3 million per prisoner to keep open a prison that the world condemns and terrorists use to recruit. Since I have been President, we have worked responsibly to cut the popu-lation of GTMO in half. Now, it is time to finish the job, and I will not relent in my determination to shut it down. It is not who we are. It is time to close GTMO. 
As Americans, we cherish our civil 
liberties, and we need to uphold that commitment if we want maximum co-operation from other countries and in-dustry in our fight against terrorist networks. So while some have moved on from the debates over our surveil-lance programs, I have not. 
As promised, our intelligence agen-
cies have worked hard with the rec-ommendations of privacy advocates to increase transparency and build more safeguards against potential abuse. Next month, we will issue a report on how we are keeping our promise to keep our country safe while strength-ening privacy. 
Looking to the future instead of the 
past, making sure we match our power with diplomacy and use force wisely, building coalitions to meet new chal-lenges and opportunities, and leading always with the example of our values, that is what makes us exceptional. That is what keeps us strong. That is why we have to keep striving to hold ourselves to the highest of standards: our own. 
Just over a decade ago, I gave a 
speech in Boston where I said that there wasn’t a liberal America or a conservative America, or a Black America or a White America, but a United States of America. 
I said this because I had seen it in my 
own life in a nation that gave someone like me a chance; because I grew up in Hawaii, a melting pot of races and cus-toms; because I made Illinois my home, a State of small towns, rich farmlands, and one of the world’s great cities, a microcosm of the country where Demo-crats, Republicans, and Independents— good people of every ethnicity and every faith—share certain bedrock val-
ues. 
Over the past 6 years the pundits 
have pointed out more than once that my Presidency hasn’t delivered on this vision. How ironic, they say, that our politics seem more divided than ever. It is held up as proof not just of my own flaws—of which there are many— but also as proof that the vision itself is misguided, naive; that there are too many people in this town who actually benefit from partisanship and gridlock for us to ever do anything about it. 
I know how tempting such cynicism 
may be, but I still think the cynics are wrong. 
I still believe that we are one people. 
I still believe that together we can do great things, even when the odds are long. I believe this because over and over, in my 6 years in office, I have seen America at its best. I have seen the hopeful faces of young graduates from New York to California and our newest officers at West Point, Annap-olis, Colorado Springs, and New Lon-don. I have mourned with grieving fam-ilies in Tucson and Newtown; in Bos-ton; in West, Texas; and West Virginia. 
I have watched Americans beat back 
adversity from the gulf coast to the Great Plains, from Midwest assembly lines to the Mid-Atlantic seaboard. I have seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom across our country, a civil right now legal in States that seven in 10 Americans call home. 
So I know the good and optimistic 
and big-hearted generosity of the American people, who every day live the idea that we are our brother’s keeper and our sister’s keeper, and I know they expect those of us who serve here to set a better example. 
So the question for those of us here 
tonight is how we—all of us—can bet-
ter reflect America’s hopes. 
I have served in Congress with many 
of you. I know many of you well. There are a lot of good people here, on both sides of the aisle. And many of you have told me that this isn’t what you signed up for—arguing past each other on cable shows, the constant fund-raising, always looking over your shoulder at how the base will react to every decision. 
Imagine if we broke out of these tired 
old patterns. Imagine if we did some-thing different. 
Understand—a better politics isn’t 
one where Democrats abandon their agenda or Republicans simply embrace mine. 
A better politics is one where we ap-
peal to each other’s basic decency in-stead of our basest fears. A better poli-tics is one where we debate without de-monizing each other, where we talk issues and values and principles and facts rather than gotcha moments or trivial gaffes or fake controversies that have nothing to do with people’s daily lives. 
A better politics is one where we 
spend less time drowning in dark 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.018 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H424 January 20, 2015 
money for ads that pull us into the 
gutter and spend more time lifting young people up with a sense of pur-pose and possibility, asking them to join in the great mission of building America. If we are going to have argu-ments, let’s have arguments, but let’s make them debates worthy of this body and worthy of this country. 
We still may not agree on a woman’s 
right to choose, but surely we can agree it is a good thing that teen preg-nancies and abortions are nearing all- time lows and that every woman should have access to the health care that she needs. 
Yes, passions still fly on immigra-
tion, but surely we can all see some-thing of ourselves in the striving young student and agree that no one benefits when a hardworking mom is snatched from her child, and that it is possible to shape a law that upholds our tradi-tion as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. I have talked to Repub-licans and Democrats about that. That is something that we can share. 
We may go at it in campaign season, 
but surely we can agree that the right to vote is sacred, that it is being denied to too many, and that on this 50th an-niversary of the great march from Selma to Montgomery and the passage of the Voting Rights Act, we can come together, Democrats and Republicans, to make voting easier for every single American. 
We may have different takes on the 
events of Ferguson and New York, but surely we can understand a father who fears his son can’t walk home without being harassed, and surely we can un-derstand the wife who won’t rest until the police officer she married walks through the front door at the end of his shift, and surely we can agree that it is a good thing that for the first time in 40 years the crime rate and the incar-ceration rate have come down to-gether, and use that as a starting point for Democrats and Republicans, com-munity leaders and law enforcement, to reform America’s criminal justice system so that it protects and serves all of us. 
That is a better politics. That is how 
we start rebuilding trust. That is how we move this country forward. That is what the American people want. That is what they deserve. 
I have no more campaigns to run. I 
know, because I won both of them. 
My only agenda for the next 2 years 
is the same as the one I have had since the day I swore an oath on the steps of this Capitol—to do what I believe is best for America. 
If you share the broad vision I out-
lined tonight, I ask you to join me in the work at hand. If you disagree with parts of it, I hope you will at least work with me where you do agree. And I commit to every Republican here to-night that I will not only seek out your ideas, I will seek to work with you to make this country stronger. 
Because I want this Chamber, I want 
this city to reflect the truth—that for all our blind spots and shortcomings, 
we are a people with the strength and generosity of spirit to bridge divides, to unite in common effort, and to help our neighbors, whether down the street or on the other side of the world. 
I want our actions to tell every child, 
in every neighborhood: Your life mat-ters, and we are committed to improv-ing your life chances, as committed as we are to working on behalf of our own kids. 
I want future generations to know 
that we are a people who see our dif-ferences as a great gift, that we are a people who value the dignity and worth of every citizen—man and woman, young and old, Black and White, Latino, Asian, immigrant, Native American, gay, straight, Americans with mental illness or physical dis-ability. Everybody matters. I want them to grow up in a country that shows the world what we still know to be true: that we are still more than a collection of red states and blue states; that we are the United States of Amer-ica. 
I want them to grow up in a country 
where a young mom can sit down and write a letter to her President with a story that sums up these past 6 years: ‘‘It is amazing what you can bounce back from when you have to . . . we are a strong, tight-knit family who has made it through some very, very hard times.’’ 
My fellow Americans, we, too, are a 
strong, tight-knit family. We, too, have made it through some hard times. Fif-teen years into this new century, we have picked ourselves up, dusted our-selves off, and begun again the work of remaking America. We have laid a new foundation. A brighter future is ours to write. Let’s begin this new chapter—to-gether—and let’s start the work right now. 
Thank you, God bless you, and God 
bless this country we love. 
(Applause, the Members rising.) At 10 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m., 
the President of the United States, ac-companied by the committee of escort, retired from the Hall of the House of Representatives. 
The Assistant to the Sergeant at 
Arms escorted the invited guests from the Chamber in the following order: 
The members of the President’s Cabi-
net; the Chief Justice of the United States and the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court; the Dean of the Diplomatic Corps. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair declares 
the joint session of the two Houses now dissolved. 
Accordingly, at 10 o’clock and 21 
minutes p.m., the joint session of the two Houses was dissolved. 
The Members of the Senate retired to 
their Chamber. 
f 
MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT RE-
FERRED TO THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE HOUSE ON THE STATE OF THE UNION 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the message of the President be referred to the Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union and or-dered printed. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND  
COMMERCE FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, January 19, 2015. 
Hon. K AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMS. HAAS: Pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) 
of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, I present the Rules of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce for the 114th Congress for publication in the Con-gressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
Attachment. 
(Adopted January 14, 2015) 
RULE 1 . GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) Rules of the Committee. The Rules of 
the House are the rules of the Committee on Energy and Commerce (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its subcommittees so far as is applicable. 
(b) Rules of the Subcommittees. Each sub-
committee of the Committee is part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as is applicable. Written rules adopted by the Committee, not inconsistent with the Rules of the House, shall be binding on each subcommittee of the Committee. 
RULE 2 . MEETINGS  
(a) Regular Meeting Days. The Committee 
shall meet on the fourth Tuesday of each month at 10 a.m., for the consideration of bills, resolutions, and other business, if the House is in session on that day. If the House is not in session on that day and the Com-mittee has not met during such month, the Committee shall meet at the earliest prac-ticable opportunity when the House is again in session. The chairman of the Committee may, at his discretion, cancel, delay, or defer any meeting required under this section, after consultation with the ranking minority member. 
(b) Additional Meetings. The chairman 
may call and convene, as he considers nec-essary, additional meetings of the Com-mittee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purposes pursuant to that call of the chairman. 
(c) Notice. The date, time, place, and sub-
ject matter of any meeting of the Committee scheduled on a Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday when the House will be in session shall be announced at least 36 hours (exclu-sive of Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holi-days except when the House is in session on such days) in advance of the commencement of such meeting. The date, time, place, and subject matter of other meetings when the House is in session shall be announced to allow Members to have at least three days notice (exclusive of Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on such days) of such meeting. The date, time, place, and subject matter of all other meetings shall be announced at least 72 hours in advance of the commencement of such meeting. 
(d) Agenda. The agenda for each Com-
mittee meeting, setting out all items of busi-ness to be considered, shall be provided to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JA7.019 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H425 January 20, 2015 
each member of the Committee at least 36 
hours in advance of such meeting. 
(e) Availability of Texts. No bill, rec-
ommendation, or other matter shall be con-sidered by the Committee unless the text of the matter, together with an explanation, has been available to members of the Com-mittee for three days (or 24 hours in the case of a substitute for introduced legislation). Such explanation shall include a summary of the major provisions of the legislation, an explanation of the relationship of the matter to present law, and a summary of the need for the legislation. 
(f) Waiver. The requirements of sub-
sections (c), (d), and (e) may be waived by a majority of those present and voting (a ma-jority being present) of the Committee or by the chairman with the concurrence of the ranking member, as the case may be. 
RULE 3 . HEARINGS  
(a) Notice. The date, time, place, and sub-
ject matter of any hearing of the Committee shall be announced at least one week in ad-vance of the commencement of such hearing, unless a determination is made in accord-ance with clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House that there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner. 
(b) Memorandum. Each member of the 
Committee shall be provided, except in the case of unusual circumstances, with a memo-randum at least 48 hours before each hearing explaining (1) the purpose of the hearing and (2) the names of any witnesses. 
(c) Witnesses. (1) Each witness who is to 
appear before the Committee shall file with the clerk of the Committee, at least two working days in advance of his or her ap-pearance, sufficient copies, as determined by the chairman of the Committee of a written statement of his or her proposed testimony to provide to members and staff of the Com-mittee, the news media, and the general pub-lic. Each witness shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, also provide a copy of such written testimony in an electronic format prescribed by the chairman. Each witness shall limit his or her oral presentation to a brief summary of the argument. The chair-man of the Committee or the presiding mem-ber may waive the requirements of this para-graph or any part thereof. 
(2) To the greatest extent practicable, the 
written testimony of each witness appearing in a nongovernmental capacity shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any federal grant or contract or foreign govern-ment contracts and payments related to the subject matter of the hearing received dur-ing the current calendar year or either of the two preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness. The disclosure shall include (i) the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing; and (ii) the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
(d) Questioning. (1) The right to interro-
gate the witnesses before the Committee shall alternate between majority and minor-ity members. Each member shall be limited to 5 minutes in the interrogation of wit-nesses until such time as each member who so desires has had an opportunity to question witnesses. No member shall be recognized for a second period of 5 minutes to interrogate a witness until each member of the Committee present has been recognized once for that purpose. The chairman shall recognize in order of appearance members who were not present when the meeting was called to order after all members who were present when the meeting was called to order have been recog-nized in the order of seniority on the Com-
mittee. 
(2) The chairman, with the concurrence of 
the ranking minority member, or the Com-mittee by motion, may permit an equal num-ber of majority and minority members to question a witness for a specified, total pe-riod that is equal for each side and not longer than thirty minutes for each side. The chairman with the concurrence of the rank-ing minority member, or the Committee by motion, may also permit committee staff of the majority and minority to question a wit-ness for a specified, total period that is equal for each side and not longer than thirty min-utes for each side. 
(3) Each member may submit to the chair-
man of the Committee additional questions for the record, to be answered by the wit-nesses who have appeared. Each member shall provide a copy of the questions in an electronic format to the clerk of the Com-mittee no later than ten business days fol-lowing a hearing. The chairman shall trans-mit all questions received from members of the Committee to the appropriate witness and include the transmittal letter and the responses from the witnesses in the hearing record. After consultation with the ranking minority member, the chairman is author-ized to close the hearing record no earlier than 120 days from the date the questions were transmitted to the appropriate witness. 
RULE 4 . VICE CHAIRMEN ; PRESIDING MEMBER  
The chairman shall designate a member of 
the majority party to serve as vice chairman of the Committee, and shall designate a ma-jority member of each subcommittee to serve as vice chairman of each sub-committee. The vice chairman of the Com-mittee or subcommittee, as the case may be, shall preside at any meeting or hearing dur-ing the temporary absence of the chairman. If the chairman and vice chairman of the Committee or subcommittee are not present at any meeting or hearing, the ranking member of the majority party who is present shall preside at the meeting or hearing. 
RULE 5 . OPEN PROCEEDINGS  
Except as provided by the Rules of the 
House, each meeting and hearing of the Com-mittee for the transaction of business, in-cluding the markup of legislation, and each hearing, shall be open to the public, includ-ing to radio, television, and still photog-raphy coverage, consistent with the provi-sions of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
RULE 6 . QUORUM  
Testimony may be taken and evidence re-
ceived at any hearing at which there are present not fewer than two members of the Committee in question. A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for those actions for which the House Rules require a majority quorum. For the purposes of taking any other action, one- third of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
RULE 7 . OFFICIAL COMMITTEE RECORDS  
(a)(1) Journal. The proceedings of the Com-
mittee shall be recorded in a journal which shall, among other things, show those present at each meeting, and include a record of the vote on any question on which a record vote is demanded and a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition voted. A copy of the journal shall be furnished to the ranking minority member. 
(2) Record Votes. A record vote may be de-
manded by one-fifth of the members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one member. No demand for a record vote shall be made or obtained except for the purpose of procuring a record vote or in the apparent absence of a quorum. The result of each record vote in any meeting of the Com-
mittee shall be made publicly available in electronic form on the Committee’s website and in the Committee office for inspection by the public, as provided in Rule XI, clause 2(e) of the Rules of the House, within 24 hours. Such result shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members of the com-mittee present but not voting. The chair-man, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, may from time to time postpone record votes ordered on amend-ments to be held at a time certain during the consideration of legislation. 
(b) Archived Records. The records of the 
Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made avail-able for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The chairman shall notify the ranking minority member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3 (b)(3) or clause 4 (b) of the Rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any member of the Committee. The chairman shall consult with the ranking minority member on any communication from the Archivist of the United States or the Clerk of the House con-cerning the disposition of noncurrent records pursuant to clause 3(b) of the Rule. 
RULE 8 . SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) Establishment. There shall be such 
standing subcommittees with such jurisdic-tion and size as determined by the majority party caucus of the Committee. The jurisdic-tion, number, and size of the subcommittees shall be determined by the majority party caucus prior to the start of the process for establishing subcommittee chairmanships and assignments. 
(b) Powers and Duties. Each subcommittee 
is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the Committee on all matters referred to it. Subcommittee chairmen shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the chairman of the Committee with a view toward assuring the availability of meeting rooms and avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. 
(c) Ratio of Subcommittees. The majority 
caucus of the Committee shall determine an appropriate ratio of majority to minority party members for each subcommittee and the chairman shall negotiate that ratio with the minority party, provided that the ratio of party members on each subcommittee shall be no less favorable to the majority than that of the full Committee, nor shall such ratio provide for a majority of less than two majority members. 
(d) Selection of Subcommittee Members. 
Prior to any organizational meeting held by the Committee, the majority and minority caucuses shall select their respective mem-bers of the standing subcommittees. 
(e) Ex Officio Members. The chairman and 
ranking minority member of the Committee shall be ex officio members with voting privileges of each subcommittee of which they are not assigned as members and may be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum in such subcommittees. 
RULE 9 . OPENING STATEMENTS  
(a) Written Statements. All written open-
ing statements at hearings and business meetings conducted by the committee shall be made part of the permanent record. 
(b) Length. (1) At full committee hearings, 
the chairman and ranking minority member shall be limited to 5 minutes each for an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.007 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H426 January 20, 2015 
opening statement, and may designate an-
other member to give an opening statement of not more than 5 minutes. At sub-committee hearings, the subcommittee chairman and ranking minority member of the subcommittee shall be limited to 5 min-utes each for an opening statement. In addi-tion, the full committee chairman and rank-ing minority member shall each be allocated 5 minutes for an opening statement for themselves or their designees. 
(2) At any business meeting of the Com-
mittee, statements shall be limited to 5 min-utes each for the chairman and ranking mi-nority member (or their respective designee) of the Committee or subcommittee, as appli-cable, and 3 minutes each for all other mem-bers. The chairman may further limit open-ing statements for Members (including, at the discretion of the Chairman, the chair-man and ranking minority member) to one minute. 
RULE 10 . REFERENCE OF LEGISLATION AND  
OTHER MATTERS  
All legislation and other matters referred 
to the Committee shall be referred to the subcommittee of appropriate jurisdiction within two weeks of the date of receipt by the Committee unless action is taken by the full Committee within those two weeks, or by majority vote of the members of the Com-mittee, consideration is to be by the full Committee. In the case of legislation or other matter within the jurisdiction of more than one subcommittee, the chairman of the Committee may, in his discretion, refer the matter simultaneously to two or more sub-committees for concurrent consideration, or may designate a subcommittee of primary jurisdiction and also refer the matter to one or more additional subcommittees for con-
sideration in sequence (subject to appro-priate time limitations), either on its initial referral or after the matter has been re-ported by the subcommittee of primary ju-risdiction. Such authority shall include the authority to refer such legislation or matter to an ad hoc subcommittee appointed by the chairman, with the approval of the Com-mittee, from the members of the subcommit-tees having legislative or oversight jurisdic-tion. 
RULE 11 . MANAGING LEGISLATION ON THE HOUSE  
FLOOR  
The chairman, in his discretion, shall des-
ignate which member shall manage legisla-tion reported by the Committee to the House. 
RULE 12 . COMMITTEE PROFESSIONAL AND  
CLERICAL STAFF APPOINTMENTS  
(a) Delegation of Staff. Whenever the 
chairman of the Committee determines that any professional staff member appointed pursuant to the provisions of clause 9 of Rule X of the House of Representatives, who is as-signed to such chairman and not to the rank-ing minority member, by reason of such pro-fessional staff member’s expertise or quali-fications will be of assistance to one or more subcommittees in carrying out their as-signed responsibilities, he may delegate such member to such subcommittees for such pur-pose. A delegation of a member of the profes-sional staff pursuant to this subsection shall be made after consultation with sub-committee chairmen and with the approval of the subcommittee chairman or chairmen involved. 
(b) Minority Professional Staff. Profes-
sional staff members appointed pursuant to clause 9 of Rule X of the House of Represent-atives, who are assigned to the ranking mi-nority member of the Committee and not to the chairman of the Committee, shall be as-signed to such Committee business as the minority party members of the Committee consider advisable. (c) Additional Staff Appointments. In addi-
tion to the professional staff appointed pur-suant to clause 9 of Rule X of the House of Representatives, the chairman of the Com-mittee shall be entitled to make such ap-pointments to the professional and clerical staff of the Committee as may be provided within the budget approved for such purposes by the Committee. Such appointee shall be assigned to such business of the full Com-mittee as the chairman of the Committee considers advisable. 
(d) Sufficient Staff. The chairman shall en-
sure that sufficient staff is made available to each subcommittee to carry out its respon-sibilities under the rules of the Committee. 
(e) Fair Treatment of Minority Members in 
Appointment of Committee Staff. The chair-man shall ensure that the minority members of the Committee are treated fairly in ap-pointment of Committee staff. 
(f) Contracts for Temporary or Intermit-
tent Services. Any contract for the tem-porary services or intermittent service of in-dividual consultants or organizations to make studies or advise the Committee or its subcommittees with respect to any matter within their jurisdiction shall be deemed to have been approved by a majority of the members of the Committee if approved by the chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee. Such approval shall not be deemed to have been given if at least one- third of the members of the Committee re-quest in writing that the Committee for-mally act on such a contract, if the request is made within 10 days after the latest date on which such chairman or chairmen, and such ranking minority member or members, approve such contract. 
RULE 13 . SUPERVISION , DUTIES OF STAFF  
(a) Supervision of Majority Staff. The pro-
fessional and clerical staff of the Committee not assigned to the minority shall be under the supervision and direction of the chair-man who, in consultation with the chairmen of the subcommittees, shall establish and as-sign the duties and responsibilities of such staff members and delegate such authority as he determines appropriate. 
(b) Supervision of Minority Staff. The pro-
fessional and clerical staff assigned to the minority shall be under the supervision and direction of the minority members of the Committee, who may delegate such author-ity as they determine appropriate. 
RULE 14 . COMMITTEE BUDGET  
(a) Administration of Committee Budget. 
The chairman of the Committee, in consulta-tion with the ranking minority member, shall for the 114th Congress attempt to en-sure that the Committee receives necessary amounts for professional and clerical staff, travel, investigations, equipment and mis-cellaneous expenses of the Committee and the subcommittees, which shall be adequate to fully discharge the Committee’s respon-sibilities for legislation and oversight. 
(b) Monthly Expenditures Report. Com-
mittee members shall be furnished a copy of each monthly report, prepared by the chair-man for the Committee on House Adminis-tration, which shows expenditures made dur-ing the reporting period and cumulative for the year by the Committee and subcommit-tees, anticipated expenditures for the pro-jected Committee program, and detailed in-formation on travel. 
RULE 15 . BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE  
HEARINGS  
Any meeting or hearing that is open to the 
public may be covered in whole or in part by radio or television or still photography, sub-ject to the requirements of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. The coverage of any hearing or other proceeding of the Com-mittee or any subcommittee thereof by tele-
vision, radio, or still photography shall be under the direct supervision of the chairman of the Committee, the subcommittee chair-man, or other member of the Committee pre-siding at such hearing or other proceeding and may be terminated by such member in accordance with the Rules of the House. 
RULE 16 . SUBPOENA POWER  
The power to authorize and issue sub-
poenas is delegated to the Chair of the full Committee, as provided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chair shall notify the ranking minority member prior to issuing any subpoena under such authority. To the extent practicable, the Chair shall consult with the ranking minority member at least 72 hours in advance of a subpoena being issued under such authority. The chairman shall report to the members of the Committee on the issuance of a subpoena as soon as practicable but in no event later than one week after issuance of such sub-poena. 
RULE 17 . TRAVEL OF MEMBERS AND STAFF  
(a) Approval of Travel. Consistent with the 
primary expense resolution and such addi-tional expense resolutions as may have been approved, travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the Committee for any member or any staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the chairman. Travel may be authorized by the chairman for any member and any staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee or any sub-committee thereof and meetings, con-ferences, and investigations which involve activities or subject matter under the gen-eral jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is given there shall be submitted to the chairman in writing the following: (1) the purpose of the travel; (2) the dates during which the travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made; (3) the loca-tion of the event for which the travel is to be made; and (4) the names of members and staff seeking authorization. 
(b) Approval of Travel by Minority Mem-
bers and Staff. In the case of travel by mi-nority party members and minority party professional staff for the purpose set out in (a), the prior approval, not only of the chair-man but also of the ranking minority mem-ber, shall be required. Such prior authoriza-tion shall be given by the chairman only 
upon the representation by the ranking mi-nority member in writing setting forth those items enumerated in (1), (2), (3), and (4) of paragraph (a). 
RULE 18 . WEBSITE  
The chairman shall maintain an official 
Committee website for the purposes of fur-thering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including commu-nicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee members and other members of the House. The ranking minority member may maintain an official website for the purpose of carrying out official respon-sibilities, including communicating informa-tion about the activities of the minority members of the Committee to Committee members and other members of the House. 
RULE 19 . CONFERENCES  
The chairman of the Committee is directed 
to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the chairman considers it appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.009 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H427 January 20, 2015 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON RULES FOR THE  
114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
clause 2(a)(2) of rule XI, the Committee on Rules’ rules of procedure for the 114th Con-gress are transmitted herewith. They were adopted on January 7, 2015 by record vote of 7 yeas and 4 nays. 
RULE 1 .—GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) The Rules of the House are the rules of 
the Committee and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or res-olution, if printed copies are available, are non-debatable privileged motions in the Committee. A proposed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day). 
(b) Each subcommittee is a part of the 
Committee, and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. 
(c) The provisions of clause 2 of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. 
(d) The Committee’s rules shall be pub-
lished in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Committee is elected in each odd-numbered year. 
RULE 2 .—REGULAR , ADDITIONAL , AND SPECIAL  
MEETINGS  
Regular Meetings 
(a)(1) The Committee shall regularly meet 
at 5:00 p.m. on the first day on which votes are scheduled of each week when the House is in session. 
(2) A regular meeting of the Committee 
may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chair, there is no need for the meeting. 
(3) Additional regular meetings and hear-
ings of the Committee may be called by the Chair. 
Notice for Regular Meetings 
(b) The Chair shall notify in electronic or 
written form each member of the Committee of the agenda of each regular meeting of the Committee at least 48 hours before the time of the meeting and shall provide to each member of the Committee, at least 24 hours before the time of each regular meeting: 
(1) for each bill or resolution scheduled on 
the agenda for consideration of a rule, a copy of— 
(A) the bill or resolution; (B) any committee reports thereon; and (C) any available letter requesting a rule 
for the bill or resolution; and 
(2) for each other bill, resolution, report, or 
other matter on the agenda a copy of— 
(A) the bill, resolution, report, or mate-
rials relating to the other matter in ques-tion; and 
(B) any report on the bill, resolution, re-
port, or any other matter made by any sub-committee of the Committee. 
Emergency Meetings 
(c)(1) The Chair may call an emergency 
meeting of the Committee at any time on any measure or matter which the Chair de-termines to be of an emergency nature; pro-vided, however, that the Chair has made an effort to consult the ranking minority mem-ber, or, in such member’s absence, the next ranking minority party member of the Com-mittee. 
(2) As soon as possible after calling an 
emergency meeting of the Committee, the Chair shall notify each member of the Com-
mittee of the time and location of the meet-ing. 
(3) To the extent feasible, the notice pro-
vided under paragraph (2) shall include the agenda for the emergency meeting and cop-ies of available materials which would other-wise have been provided under subsection (b) if the emergency meeting was a regular meeting. 
Special Meetings 
(d) Special meetings shall be called and 
convened as provided in clause 2(c)(2) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
RULE 3 .—MEETING AND HEARING PROCEDURES IN  
GENERAL  
(a)(1) Meetings and hearings of the Com-
mittee shall be called to order and presided over by the Chair or, in the Chair’s absence, by the member designated by the Chair as the Vice Chair of the Committee, or by the ranking majority member of the Committee present as Acting Chair. 
(2) Meetings and hearings of the Com-
mittee shall be open to the public unless closed in accordance with clause 2(g) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives. 
(3) Any meeting or hearing of the Com-
mittee that is open to the public shall be open to coverage by television, radio, and still photography in accordance with the provisions of clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the House (which are incorporated by ref-erence as part of these rules). 
(4) Before a motion to report a rule is of-
fered, a copy of the language recommended shall be furnished to each member of the Committee. 
Quorum 
(b)(1) For the purpose of hearing testimony 
on requests for rules, five members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
(2) For the purpose of taking testimony 
and receiving evidence on measures or mat-ters of original jurisdiction before the Com-mittee, three members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
(3) A majority of the members of the Com-
mittee shall constitute a quorum for the pur-poses of: reporting any measure or matter; authorizing a subpoena; closing a meeting or hearing pursuant to clause 2(g) of rule XI of the Rules of the House (except as provided in clause 2(g)(2)(A) and (B)); or taking any other action. 
Voting 
(c)(1) No vote may be conducted on any 
measure or motion pending before the Com-mittee unless a majority of the members of the Committee is actually present for such purpose. 
(2) A record vote of the Committee shall be 
provided on any question before the Com-mittee upon the request of any member. 
(3) No vote by any member of the Com-
mittee on any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
(4) A record of the vote of each member of 
the Committee on each record vote on any measure or matter before the Committee shall be made publicly available in elec-tronic form within 48 hours, and with respect to any record vote on any motion to amend or report, shall be included in the report of the Committee showing the total number of votes cast for and against and the names of those members voting for and against. 
Hearing Procedures 
(d)(1) With regard to hearings on matters 
of original jurisdiction, to the greatest ex-tent practicable: 
(A) each witness who is to appear before 
the Committee shall file with the Committee at least 24 hours in advance of the appear-ance a statement of proposed testimony in 
written and electronic form and shall limit the oral presentation to the Committee to a brief summary thereof; and 
(B) In the case of a witness appearing in a 
nongovernmental capacity, a written state-ment of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign govern-ment, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years by the witness or by an entity rep-resented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. 
(C) The disclosure referred to in subdivi-
sion (B) shall include— 
(i) the amount and country of origin of any 
payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a for-eign government. 
(ii) the amount and country of origin of 
any payment or contract related to the sub-ject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
(D) Such statements, with appropriate 
redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly avail-able in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. 
(2) The five-minute rule shall be observed 
in the interrogation of each witness before the Committee until each member of the Committee has had an opportunity to ques-tion the witness. 
(3) The provisions of clause 2(k) of rule XI 
of the Rules of the House shall apply to any hearing conducted by the Committee. 
Subpoenas and Oaths 
(e)(1) Pursuant to clause 2(m) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, a subpoena may be authorized and issued by the Committee or a subcommittee in the conduct of any investigation or series of in-vestigations or activities, only when author-ized by a majority of the members voting, a majority being present. 
(2) The Chair may authorize and issue sub-
poenas under such clause during any period in which the House has adjourned for a pe-riod of longer than three days. 
(3) Authorized subpoenas shall be signed by 
the Chair or by any member designated by the Committee, and may be served by any person designated by the Chair or such mem-ber. 
(4) The Chair, or any member of the Com-
mittee designated by the Chair, may admin-ister oaths to witnesses before the Com-mittee. 
RULE 4 .—GENERAL OVERSIGHT  
RESPONSIBILITIES  
(a) The Committee shall review and study, 
on a continuing basis, the application, ad-ministration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject mat-ter of which is within its jurisdiction. 
(b) Not later than February 15 of the first 
session of a Congress, the Committee shall meet in open session, with a quorum present, to adopt its oversight plans for that Con-gress for submission to the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Government Reform, in accordance with the provisions of clause 2(d) of House rule X. 
RULE 5 .—SUBCOMMITTEES  
Establishment and Responsibilities of 
Subcommittees 
(a)(1) There shall be two subcommittees of 
the Committee as follows: 
(A) Subcommittee on Legislative and 
Budget Process, which shall have general re-sponsibility for measures or matters related to relations between the Congress and the Executive Branch. 
(B) Subcommittee on Rules and Organiza-
tion of the House, which shall have general 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:58 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.016 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H428 January 20, 2015 
responsibility for measures or matters re-
lated to process and procedures of the House, relations between the two Houses of Con-gress, relations between the Congress and the Judiciary, and internal operations of the House. 
(2) In addition, each such subcommittee 
shall have specific responsibility for such other measures or matters as the Chair re-fers to it. 
(3) Each subcommittee of the Committee 
shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, exe-cution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its general responsibility. 
Referral of Measures and Matters to 
Subcommittees 
(b)(1) No special order providing for the 
consideration of any bill or resolution shall be referred to a subcommittee of the Com-mittee. 
(2) The Chair shall refer to a subcommittee 
such measures or matters of original juris-diction as the Chair deems appropriate given its jurisdiction and responsibilities. 
(3) All other measures or matters of origi-
nal jurisdiction shall be subject to consider-ation by the full Committee. 
(4) In referring any measure or matter of 
original jurisdiction to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the sub-committee shall report thereon to the Com-mittee. 
(5) The Committee by motion may dis-
charge a subcommittee from consideration of any measure or matter referred to a sub-
committee of the Committee. 
Composition of Subcommittees 
(c) The size and ratio of each sub-
committee shall be determined by the Com-mittee and members shall be elected to each subcommittee, and to the positions of chair and ranking minority member thereof, in ac-cordance with the rules of the respective party caucuses. The Chair of the full com-mittee may designate a member of the ma-jority party on each subcommittee as its vice chair. 
Subcommittee Meetings and Hearings 
(d)(1) Each subcommittee of the Com-
mittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the full Committee on any measure or matter referred to it. 
(2) No subcommittee of the Committee 
may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the full Com-mittee is being held. 
(3) The chair of each subcommittee shall 
schedule meetings and hearings of the sub-committee only after consultation with the Chair. 
Quorum 
(e)(1) For the purpose of taking testimony, 
two members of the subcommittee shall con-stitute a quorum. 
(2) For all other purposes, a quorum shall 
consist of a majority of the members of a subcommittee. 
Effect of a Vacancy 
(f) Any vacancy in the membership of a 
subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the func-tions of the subcommittee. 
Records 
(g) Each subcommittee of the Committee 
shall provide the full Committee with copies of such records of votes taken in the sub-committee and such other records with re-spect to the subcommittee necessary for the Committee to comply with all rules and reg-ulations of the House. 
RULE 6 .—STAFF  
In General 
(a)(1) Except as provided in paragraphs (2) 
and (3), the professional and other staff of the Committee shall be appointed, by the 
Chair, and shall work under the general su-pervision and direction of the Chair. 
(2) All professional, and other staff pro-
vided to the minority party members of the Committee shall be appointed, by the rank-ing minority member of the Committee, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of such member. 
(3) The appointment of all professional 
staff shall be subject to the approval of the Committee as provided by, and subject to the provisions of, clause 9 of rule X of the Rules of the House. 
Associate Staff 
(b) Associate staff for members of the Com-
mittee may be appointed only at the discre-tion of the Chair (in consultation with the ranking minority member regarding any mi-nority party associate staff), after taking into account any staff ceilings and budg-etary constraints in effect at the time, and any terms, limits, or conditions established by the Committee on House Administration under clause 9 of rule X of the Rules of the House. 
Subcommittee Staff 
(c) From funds made available for the ap-
pointment of staff, the Chair of the Com-mittee shall, pursuant to clause 6(d) of rule X of the Rules of the House, ensure that suf-ficient staff is made available to each sub-committee to carry out its responsibilities under the rules of the Committee, and, after consultation with the ranking minority member of the Committee, that the minority party of the Committee is treated fairly in the appointment of such staff. 
Compensation of Staff 
(d) The Chair shall fix the compensation of 
all professional and other staff of the Com-mittee, after consultation with the ranking minority member regarding any minority party staff. 
Certification of Staff 
(e)(1) To the extent any staff member of 
the Committee or any of its subcommittees does not work under the direct supervision and direction of the Chair, the member of the Committee who supervises and directs the staff member’s work shall file with the Chief of Staff of the Committee (not later than the tenth day of each month) a certifi-cation regarding the staff member’s work for that member for the preceding calendar month. 
(2) The certification required by paragraph 
(1) shall be in such form as the Chair may prescribe, shall identify each staff member by name, and shall state that the work en-gaged in by the staff member and the duties assigned to the staff member for the member of the Committee with respect to the month in question met the requirements of clause 9 of rule X of the rules of the House. 
(3) Any certification of staff of the Com-
mittee, or any of its subcommittees, made by the Chair in compliance with any provi-sion of law or regulation shall be made— 
(A) on the basis of the certifications filed 
under paragraph (1) to the extent the staff is not under the Chair’s supervision and direc-tion, and 
(B) on his own responsibility to the extent 
the staff is under the Chair’s direct super-vision and direction. 
RULE 7 . BUDGET , TRAVEL , PAY OF WITNESSES  
Budget 
(a) The Chair, in consultation with other 
members of the Committee, shall prepare for each Congress a budget providing amounts for staff, necessary travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and its sub-committees. 
Travel 
(b)(1) The Chair may authorize travel for 
any member and any staff member of the Committee in connection with activities or 
subject matters under the general jurisdic-tion of the Committee. Before such author-ization is granted, there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the following: 
(A) The purpose of the travel. (B) The dates during which the travel is to 
occur. 
(C) The names of the States or countries to 
be visited and the length of time to be spent in each. 
(D) The names of members and staff of the 
Committee for whom the authorization is sought. 
(2) Members and staff of the Committee 
shall make a written report to the Chair on any travel they have conducted under this subsection, including a description of their itinerary, expenses, and activities, and of pertinent information gained as a result of such travel. 
(3) Members and staff of the Committee 
performing authorized travel on official busi-ness shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration. 
Pay of Witnesses 
(c) Witnesses may be paid from funds made 
available to the Committee in its expense resolution subject to the provisions of clause 5 of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
RULE 8 .—COMMITTEE ADMINISTRATION  
REPORTING  
(a) Whenever the Committee authorizes 
the favorable reporting of a bill or resolution from the Committee— 
(1) The Chair or acting Chair shall report it 
to the House or designate a member of the Committee to do so. 
(2) In the case of a bill or resolution in 
which the Committee has original jurisdic-tion, the Chair shall allow, to the extent that the anticipated floor schedule permits, any member of the Committee a reasonable amount of time to submit views for inclusion in the Committee report on the bill or reso-lution. Any such report shall contain all matters required by the Rules of the House of Representatives (or by any provision of law enacted as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the House) and such other informa-tion as the Chair deems appropriate. 
(3) In the case of a resolution providing for 
consideration of a measure, the Committee report accompanying such resolution shall include an accurate explanation of any waiv-ers of points of order, including a detailed explanation of all points of order. 
Records 
(b)(1) There shall be a transcript made of 
each regular meeting and hearing of the Committee, and the transcript may be print-ed if the Chair decides it is appropriate or if a majority of the members of the Committee requests such printing. Any such transcripts shall be a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the pro-ceedings, subject only to technical, gram-matical, and typographical corrections au-thorized by the person making the remarks. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require that all such transcripts be sub-ject to correction and publication. 
(2) The Committee shall keep a record of 
all actions of the Committee and of its sub-committees. The record shall contain all in-formation required by clause 2(e)(1) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives and shall be available for public inspec-tion at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. 
(3) All Committee hearings, records, data, 
charts, and files shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the Chair, shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.019 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H429 January 20, 2015 
shall have access thereto as provided in 
clause 2(e)(2) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. 
(4) The records of the Committee at the 
National Archives and Records Administra-tion shall be made available for public use in accordance with rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chair shall notify the ranking minority member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Com-mittee for a determination on written re-quest of any member of the Committee. 
Audio and Video Coverage 
(c) The Chair shall provide, to the max-
imum extent practicable— 
(1) complete and unedited audio and video 
broadcasts of all committee hearings and meetings; and 
(2) for distribution of such broadcasts and 
unedited recordings thereof to the public and for the storage of audio and video recordings of the proceedings. Proceedings shall be broadcast live on the Majority Committee website and recordings shall be made avail-able on such website within one calendar day of the proceeding. 
Committee Publications on the Internet 
(d) To the maximum extent feasible, the 
Committee shall make its publications avail-able in electronic form. 
Journal 
(e)(1) The Committee shall maintain a 
Committee Journal, which shall include all bills, resolutions, and other matters referred to or reported by the Committee and all bills, resolutions, and other matters reported by any other committee on which a rule has been granted or formally requested, and such other matters as the Chair shall direct. The Journal shall be published periodically, but in no case less often than once in each ses-sion of Congress. 
(2) A rule is considered as formally re-
quested when the Chairman of a committee of primary jurisdiction which has reported a bill or resolution (or a member of such com-mittee authorized to act on the Chairman’s behalf): 
(A) has requested, in writing to the Chair, 
that a hearing be scheduled on a rule for the consideration of the bill or resolution; and 
(B) has supplied the Committee with the 
bill or resolution, as reported, together with the final committee report thereon. 
Other Procedures 
(f) The Chair may establish such other 
Committee procedures and take such actions as may be necessary to carry out these rules or to facilitate the effective operation of the Committee and its subcommittees in a man-ner consistent with these rules. 
RULE 9 .—AMENDMENTS TO COMMITTEE RULES  
The rules of the Committee may be modi-
fied, amended or repealed, in the same man-ner and method as prescribed for the adop-tion of committee rules in clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of the House, but only if written notice of the proposed change has been pro-vided to each Member at least 48 hours be-fore the time of the meeting at which the vote on the change occurs. Any such change in the rules of the Committee shall be pub-lished in the Congressional Record within 30 calendar days after their approval. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 10 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, 
Wednesday, January 21, 2015, at 10 a.m., for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
79. A letter from the Principal Military 
Deputy, Navy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a notice that the Navy intends to donate the historic destroyer ex-Charles F. Adams (DDG 2) to the Jacksonville Historic Naval Ship Association for permanent berth-ing and public display; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
80. A letter from the Speaker, Okinawa 
Prefectural Assembly, transmitting a resolu-tion Requesting the Relinquishment of a Plan to Build a New Military Base in Henoko, Based Upon Respect for the Will of the Prefectural Citizens; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
81. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-458, ‘‘Protecting Pregnant Workers Fairness Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
82. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-440, ‘‘Special Election Reform Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
83. A letter from the Inspector General, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s semiannual report from the Of-fice of Inspector General for the period April 1, 2014, through September 30, 2014, and man-agement’s response, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act), section 5(b); Public Law 95- 452, section 5(b); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
84. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclu-sive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod Pot Gear Fishing Closure in the Pribilof Is-lands Habitat Conservation Zone in the Ber-ing Sea; Amendment 103 [Docket No.: 120706220-4964-02] (RIN: 0648-BC34) received January 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
85. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclu-sive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Chinook Salmon Bycatch Management in the Gulf of Alaska Non-Pollock Trawl Fisheries; Amendment 97 [Docket No.: 130710606-4972-02] (RIN: 0648-BD48) received January 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
86. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migra-tory Species; 2015 Atlantic Shark Commer-cial Fishing Seasons [Docket No.: 140429387- 4971-02] (RIN: 0648-XD276) received January 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
87. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Ad-
ministrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — List of Fisheries for 2015 [Docket No.: 1140325271-4999-02] (RIN: 
0648-BE13) received January 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
88. A letter from the Assistant Chief Coun-
sel, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pipeline Safety: Periodic Updates of Regulatory References to Technical Stand-ards and Miscellaneous Amendments [Dock-et No.: PHMSA-2011-0337; Amdt. Nos. 192-119; 193-25; 195-99; 198-6; 199-26] (RIN: 2137-AE85] received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
89. A letter from the Management and Pro-
gram Analyst, FAA, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — IFR Altitudes; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30994; Amdt. No. 517] received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
90. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Major final rule — Revi-sions to Direct Fee Payment Rules [Docket No.: SSA-2010-0025] (RIN: 0960-AH21) received January 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. FOX: Committee on Rules. House Res-
olution 38. Resolution providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 161) to provide for the timely consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to the siting, construction, ex-pansion, or operation of any natural gas pipeline projects, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–3). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 405. A bill to require greater account-
ability in discretionary and direct spending programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 406. A bill to amend section 505 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide incentives for the development of new combination drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself and Mr. 
COLE): 
H.R. 407. A bill to amend the Act of June 
18, 1934, to reaffirm the authority of the Sec-retary of the Interior to take land into trust for Indian tribes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Mr. 
C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.021 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H430 January 20, 2015 
H.R. 408. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to improve delivery of high-quality assessments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 409. A bill to reinstate the 10-year 
statute of limitations period applicable to collection of amounts paid to Social Secu-rity beneficiaries by administrative offset, and prevent recovery of overpayments from individuals under 18 years of age; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California): 
H.R. 410. A bill to provide family members 
and close associates of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others new tools to prevent gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 411. A bill to amend the Help America 
Vote Act of 2002 to promote early voting in elections for Federal office and to prevent unreasonable waiting times for voters at polling places used in such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 412. A bill to reduce Federal spending 
and the deficit by terminating taxpayer fi-nancing of presidential election campaigns; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Admin-istration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. DELANEY (for himself, Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. B ERA, Mr. W HITFIELD , 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. H ECKof Washington, 
Mr. J OYCE , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
and Mr. D OLD): 
H.R. 413. A bill to establish the American 
Infrastructure Fund, to provide bond guaran-tees and make loans to States, local govern-ments, and infrastructure providers for in-vestments in certain infrastructure projects, and to provide equity investments in such projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan (for 
himself, Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. R OYCE , 
Mr. G UINTA , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. M CHENRY , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. H ILL, 
Mr. B ARR, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , and Mr. M ULVANEY ): 
H.R. 414. A bill to amend the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act to repeal certain additional disclo-sure requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. D
OG-
GETT , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN ): 
H.R. 415. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relat-ing to inverted corporations; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey): 
H.R. 416. A bill to amend chapter 178 of 
title 28 of the United States Code to permit 
during a 4-year period States to enact stat-utes that exempt from the operation of such chapter, lotteries, sweepstakes, and other betting, gambling, or wagering schemes in-volving professional and amateur sports; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. LUMMIS (for herself and Mr. 
M
ULVANEY ): 
H.R. 417. A bill to reduce the total number 
of civil service employees in the executive branch of the Government through attrition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. C
ON-
YERS ): 
H.R. 418. A bill to amend the securities 
laws to require that registration statements, quarterly and annual reports, and proxy so-licitations of public companies include a dis-closure to shareholders of any expenditure made by that company in support of or in op-position to any candidate for Federal, State, or local public office; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 419. A bill to protect the right of law- 
abiding citizens to transport knives inter-state, notwithstanding a patchwork of local and State prohibitions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 420. A bill to establish a certification 
process for opting out of the individual health insurance mandate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. M
UR-
PHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
HUNTER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
and Ms. G ABBARD ): 
H.R. 421. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the mental health treatment provided by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to veterans who served in clas-sified missions; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Ms. 
E
DWARDS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
PELOSI , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. F ARR, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
HIMES, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. S CHRADER , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. F OSTER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. C ARNEY , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. E STY, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. K ILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
BEYER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. H ECK 
of Washington): 
H.J. Res. 22. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contributions and expenditures intended to affect elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. LIPINSKI introduced a bill (H.R. 422) 
for the relief of Corina de Chalup Turcinovic; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution: To make all Laws which shal be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer therof. 
By Ms. McCOLLUM: 
H.R. 407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ 
By Ms. BONAMICI: 
H.R. 408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce, as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20JA7.100 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H431 January 20, 2015 
Article I, Section 4 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. COLE: 
H.R. 412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment XVI to the United States Con-
stitution. 
Additionally, since the Constitution does 
not provide Congress with the power to pro-vide financial support to U.S. political par-ties, the general repeal of the Presidential Election Campaign Fund for this purpose is consistent with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendments IX and X to the United States Constitution. 
Further, Article I Section 8 defines the 
scope and powers of Congress and does not include this concept of taxation in further-ance of funding U.S. political parties within the expressed powers. 
By Mr. DELANEY: 
H.R. 413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan: 
H.R. 414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. LEVIN: 
H.R. 415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. L
OBIONDO: 
H.R. 416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of The Con-
stitution of the United States of America 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18— ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section VIII 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 18 ‘‘The Congress 
shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
As it is the purpose of the government of 
the United States to protect and defend the natural and inalienable rights of the Amer-ican citizen, it is necessary and proper for the Congress to legislate, when necessary, to ensure the ability of the citizenry to keep and bear arms and to travel with such arms while taking reasonable precautions to en-sure the safety of his/her fellows and to re-spect state and local laws. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H.R. 420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. By Ms. SINEMA: 
H.R. 421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization’’. The Supreme Court has long found that this provision of the Constitution grants Congress plenary power over immi-gration policy. As the Court found in Galvan v. Press, 347 U.S. 522, 531 (1954), ‘‘that the for-mulation of policies [pertaining to the entry of aliens and their right to remain here] is entrusted exclusively to Congress has be-come about as firmly imbedded in the legis-lative and judicial tissues of our body politic as any aspect of our government.’’ And, as the Court found in Kleindienst v. Mandel, 408 U.S. 753, 766 (1972) (quoting Boutilier v. INS, 387 U.S. 118, 123 (1967)), ‘‘[t]he Court without exception has sustained Congress’ ‘plenary power to make rules for the admission of aliens and to exclude those who possess those characteristics which Congress has for-bidden.’’’ 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.J. Res. 22. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the Constitution: The Con-
gress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all intents and pur-poses, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress; provided that no amendment which may be made prior to the year one thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any manner affect the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first arti-cle; and that no state, without its consent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Senate. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 36: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. M ICA, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
BOST, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. H ARDY , 
and Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 114: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
TIBERI , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 154: Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
PELOSI , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 158: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 159: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. E LLISON , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
SPEIER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 160: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. HARDY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 161: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
BYRNE , and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 173: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 174: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 178: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 179: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 199: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 213: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. 
STEFANIK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 226: Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. B ASS, and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California. 
H.R. 232: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. P IN-
GREE , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 242: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 247: Ms. F UDGE , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
of California, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 248: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
JONES , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. K LINE, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, 
and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 249: Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 254: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 258: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. R USH, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
and Mr. H OYER . 
H.R. 264: Ms. M OORE , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. R USH, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 304: Ms. F UDGE and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 315: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 346: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 348: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 353: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 374: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 381: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. 
LIPINSKI . 
H.R. 399: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. H ARDY , 
and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 402: Mr. B ARR, Mr. D ENT, Mrs. L UM-
MIS, and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. A LLEN . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. W OODALL . 
H. Res. 12: Ms. B ASS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. 
LOWEY , and Mr. Y ODER . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. G IBSON and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. 
H. Res. 37: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
KEATING , and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.014 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H432 January 20, 2015 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff 
benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 36 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. UPTON  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 161 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mrs. W ALORSKI and Mrs. E LLMERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA7.012 H20JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S249 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2015 No. 9 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is 
Your Name on all the Earth. Make this day an opportunity for our lawmakers to advance Your providential purposes. May they think Your thoughts, striv-ing always to do Your will. 
Lord, lead them together to find so-
lutions to the problems that beset our Nation and world. Calm their fears and strengthen their faith, as You use them to accomplish Your will. Let Your peace guard their hearts. 
We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today the Senate is continuing to con-sider S. 1, a bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. Chairman M
UR-
KOWSKI and Senator C ANTWELL are here 
this morning to manage debate, and there are several amendments pending. We will begin voting on those and any other amendments in the queue shortly after lunch today. 
Senators also should begin gathering 
in the Chamber at 8:20 this evening so that we can proceed as a body to the 
House for the State of the Union Ad-dress. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—H.R. 240 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I understand there 
is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ). 
The clerk will read the bill by title 
for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
WORKING TOGETHER FOR 
POSITIVE CHANGE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, to-
night we will welcome President Obama to the Capitol. We look forward to hearing what he has to say. 
We are looking forward to Senator 
E
RNST ’s address, as well. J ONIERNST  
understands the concerns of hard-work-ing families in a way much of Wash-ington has not. That is why the people of her State sent her here—to fight for them. She will explain the commit-ment of this new Congress to work for policies aimed at the good jobs and bet-ter wages Americans deserve. 
Tonight is a big moment for the 
President—and for our country. The tone he strikes and the issues he high-lights will tell us a lot about what to expect in his Presidency’s final act. There is a lot riding on it, and we will be listening closely. 
One option is the path he has been on 
for so many years. I sincerely hope he makes a different choice. The Amer-
ican people just spoke in clear terms about this direction. They called for a new one. We should work together to make Washington focus on their con-cerns. 
Working with the new Congress for 
positive change—that is the second op-tion for President Obama. It is the one struggling families and serious policy-makers urge him to choose. The new Congress has already started to take up smart, bipartisan ideas focused on jobs and reform. But when we have asked the White House for constructive engagement, what we have seen, at least so far, has been pretty discour-aging. We need to change this dynamic. We need to turn the page. The State of the Union offers that opportunity. 
The American people aren’t demand-
ing talking point proposals designed to excite the base but not designed to pass. What they said they are hungry for is substance and accomplishment. They want Washington to get back to work and focus on a serious jobs and reform agenda. They said they are ready to see more constructive co-operation, especially on bipartisan jobs initiatives—bipartisan jobs initiatives such as the Keystone infrastructure bill. Keystone has support in both par-ties. It is an important piece of infra-structure for our country. According to what the Obama administration’s own State Department has said previously, constructing a pipeline would support literally thousands of jobs. It has al-ready passed the House. We are cur-rently working to pass it through the Senate. It will be on the President’s desk before long. We see no reason for him to veto these jobs. 
But whatever he decides, we are 
going to keep working for positive, middle-class jobs ideas here in Con-gress. As I have said before, we are not here to protect the President from a good idea. If the President is willing to work with us, there is much we can get accomplished for the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.000 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S250 January 20, 2015 
We have already identified several 
areas of potential cooperation, such as tearing down trade barriers in places such as Europe and the Pacific, build-ing jobs with comprehensive progrowth tax simplification, and working to pre-vent cyber attacks. On each of these issues, the President has previously sent some positive signals. Now we need some constructive engagement. 
We will be looking for signs of that in 
the speech he delivers tonight. 
What I hope is that he presents some 
positive, bipartisan ideas of his own that can pass the Congress Americans just voted for. Give us new ideas to pre-vent Iran from becoming a country with nuclear weapons or to confront the threats posed by terrorism or to re-move regulations that hurt struggling coal families. Challenge us with truly serious, realistic reforms that focus on growth and raising middle-class in-comes—reforms that don’t just spend more money we don’t have. And if the President is ready for a new beginning beyond canceled health plans and par-tisan executive overreach, work with us to pursue an achievement that his-tory will actually remember. Reach across the aisle to allow us to save and strengthen Medicare. Cooperate with both parties to save Social Security. The President should tell America his plan for responsible reforms that aim to balance the budget and not just more tired tax hikes. 
Achieving important reforms such as 
these would represent a win for hard- working families. It would deliver the kind of commonsense progress Ameri-cans deserve. 
So we welcome the President to-
night. We look to his address with in-terest. If the President is ready to play offense, then we urge him to join the new Congress in playing offense on be-half of the American people. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois is recognized. 
f 
NEW IDEAS FOR AMERICA 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, tonight 
President Obama will deliver his State of the Union Address to outline his plan to make life better for middle-in-come families and those struggling in our strengthening economy. I have heard from both sides—Democrats and Republicans—the lament that even though many hard-working families are doing their best and businesses are more profitable because our workers are more productive, a lot of families don’t see it in their paychecks. They struggle from paycheck to paycheck to pay for the basics in life. So we have to ask ourselves: What will we do about this? Will we do anything? 
I worry that the comments just made 
by the majority leader suggest that he is relying on faith alone—faith in our free market system; faith in the belief that if we have an expanding economy, 
which we do, and if we have profit-ability in corporations, which we do, that it will translate into a better standard of living for working families. Well, it may be an article of faith, but it is one that can be challenged because that is exactly what has been hap-pening in America for years. The econ-omy has been growing, and we have seen an increase in jobs for 58 straight months. At the same time, we have noted that working families across America don’t see any change in their lives. They don’t see any income change. 
Then we look at the reality. The re-
ality shows that the gap between the 
rich and poor in America just grows larger and larger. We can talk sepa-rately about the compensation for CEOs and corporations. It is reaching record levels—far beyond the excesses of previous moments in American eco-nomic history. 
What we are finding is that people at 
the very top of the corporate ladder are taking out more money from the econ-omy than the workers who are gener-ating the profits they are gleaning. That is not right. The President is going to challenge us to get beyond faith in our free market system to good works by Congress. He is going to talk about specifics—ideas the average fam-ily can understand and appreciate, such as the earned income tax credit. Here is an effort to say if you are work-ing, we will make sure that your tax burden gives you a break so that you have additional money for your family to pay for daycare for the kids, to make certain you can pay for the util-ity bills and the basics of life. I have joined with S
HERROD BROWN of Ohio. 
We want to try to make the earned in-come tax credit available to more and more working Americans so we can supplement their income as they strug-gle to get by paycheck to paycheck. That is one of the first ideas we can pursue. 
The second initiative the President 
will address is college affordability. There are plenty of critics of the Presi-dent’s plan, but I think he has put his finger on reality. We can no longer be satisfied by saying it is the responsi-bility of our society to provide edu-cation from kindergarten through the grade 12. That doesn’t reflect the re-ality of work today. In just a few years, more than a third of the jobs across America will require a college degree. What are we doing to prepare the workforce in America for 21st cen-tury requirements when it comes to education? Now, we know what is hap-pening. More and more students are getting deeper and deeper in debt, and many are dropping out because of it. Those who finish and earn a diploma are saddled with a debt which changes their lives. President Obama has said: Let us start moving forward to make 2 years of community college a commit-ment in America for those students who are in need, No. 1, and No. 2, are willing to meet the standards. And the 
standards are graduation within 3 years. 
I look at some of the comments made 
in criticism of this, and they overlook the second part of the President’s pro-posal—that part which demands that those students perform in order to re-ceive assistance from our government in paying for community college. 
We have to look at a new model in 
America—in Arkansas, in Illinois, and across America—that is a K–14 model. That is reality. Certainly, we have to improve the K–12 performance. When two-thirds of community college stu-dents in many States, including my own, come to community colleges not performing at the 12th grade level, there is work to be done in the lower grades. But let’s assume the obvious: If people want a good-paying job in the future, they need additional training. The affordable place to go is a commu-nity college, and we ought to make that a pathway that is affordable for every dedicated, hard-working student and their family. 
That isn’t all. The President also ac-
knowledges and will acknowledge to-night the reality of the housing mar-ket. Since 2009, our housing market in America has been recovering from a re-cession. Home building has more than doubled, yielding a lot of jobs for con-struction workers. Home prices are going back up. Millions of families whose home value was less than what they owed on their mortgage are now turning the corner. But for many Americans, buying a home is still out of reach. The President plans to reduce the FHA mortgage insurance premiums which is going to help responsible Americans afford a home. 
We need faith in our free market but 
good works by Congress when it comes to these essentials. The President is also going to propose a Healthy Fami-lies Act. Here is something that gets to the reality of life for working Ameri-cans. It would provide for businesses with 15 or more employees up to 7 paid sick days each year. You might say to yourself: What is a business going to do with people taking 7 days off in sick leave? 
What we found is if the employer will 
stand behind the employees when it comes to the basics such as sick leave, they will get more loyalty and more performance from those employees. That is a fair trade. It is one the Presi-dent will propose this evening. 
I would say to the majority leader 
and those who share his position, faith in the free market is a good thing but not enough. We need to step in and make sure we have faith in working families, faith in the belief that if they can improve their lot in life, if their struggle paycheck to paycheck is somehow lessened, we are all going to be better off for it. I support the Presi-dent’s message this evening and look forward to hearing it delivered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.002 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S251 January 20, 2015 
CUBA 
Mr. DURBIN. On a separate topic, 
late last night I returned from Havana, Cuba, with Senator P
ATRICK LEAHY , 
Senator S TABENOW , Senator W HITE-
HOUSE , Congressman V ANHOLLEN , and 
Congressman W ELCH of Vermont. It 
was a whirlwind trip. 
In a matter of 2 days we had a num-
ber of visits with a variety of different people in Havana. They included gov-ernment officials. Bruno Rodriguez, who is the Foreign Minister of the Cuban Government; we had a lengthy meeting with him yesterday. 
We had a meeting with about 10 dif-
ferent Ambassadors to Cuba from for-eign countries. We met as well with a dozen reformers or dissidents, oppo-nents of the current Castro regime in Cuba, and had individual meetings with ministries. This was a productive and important delegation trip, important because starting tomorrow we are going to have face-to-face negotiations in Havana between the United States and Cuba pursuant to President Obama’s December 17 announcement. We are setting out to change the for-eign policy of the United States as it regards Cuba. It is time for change. 
For over 50 years we have been com-
mitted to a policy of exclusion, believ-ing if we had embargoes and blockades we could force internal change in Cuba. The policy failed. The Castro brothers still reign, and life in Cuba is not what we want to see. 
What the President has said is let’s 
engage them at a different level, a con-structive level where we try to find ways to open the Cuban economy and Cuban society. That, to me, is the best course. It isn’t just a theory that is the best course, it has been proven. 
When the Soviet Empire came to an 
end, what happened to the Warsaw Pact nations allied with the Soviet Union? They opened their doors to the West, they saw what they could antici-pate to be part of their life in the fu-ture, and they made the conscious choice to move toward democracy, to move toward a free market economy. I think the same can happen in Cuba. 
One young man came to speak to us. 
He had gotten in trouble because he challenged the Cuban Government. They put him back on a pig farm to work, but he was still determined to aspire to a better place in Cuba in the future. He said to us: What President Obama’s announcement has done is to pull the blanket off the caged bird in Cuba. Those of us who live in Cuba are still in the cage of communism, but we can see out now about opportunities and a future. That, I believe, is part of what the President’s new policy is all about. 
When we were discussing our current 
blockade with Cuba with their leader-ship, we learned that powdered milk comes to Cuban citizens from New Zea-land—halfway around the world—when there is an ample supply in the United States. What we are trying to do is to not only open the Cuban economy to powdered milk but to the power of 
ideas, the exchange of values, the belief that if the Cuban people see a better model for their future, they will gravi-tate toward that model. 
This negotiation which opens this 
week is the beginning of this conversa-tion. The President is moving in areas of trade and travel, as we hope he will do, to expand these opportunities, but we have to do our part in Congress. As contentious and spirited as the debate may be about changing our policy in Cuba, it wasn’t that long ago that we stood on the floor of the Senate and considered establishing diplomatic re-lations with Vietnam. There were some with fresh memories of all we had lost, over 40,000 American lives in Vietnam, who said we shouldn’t have a normal relationship with what is a repressive regime in a country we just concluded a war with. Others with cooler minds prevailed, and we established diplo-matic relations and I think to the bet-terment of both nations. 
Let us move forward, not forsaking 
our principles, not turning our back on our belief that the Cuban society should be more open, fair, and legiti-mized by the voters at the polls but be-lieving we can work with this country as we have with others around the world, even when we disagree with their form of government and their practices, to try to strive to reach that democratic ideal. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY 
Mr. DURBIN. The last point I would 
like to make relates to a motion that was made this morning by the majority leader. It was related to the appropria-tions bill for the Department of Home-land Security. Why are we bringing up this appropriations bill at this mo-ment? Because when we agreed last De-cember to fund our government, the Republicans in the House insisted we carve out the Department of Homeland Security and not give it its regular budget, instead give it emergency spending, a continuing resolution. 
This is not the way to run any de-
partment of government, certainly not the Department of Homeland Security. Why is it important to fund this de-partment? One need only look to what has happened in the last few days in Paris to understand that the threat of terrorism to the world is still very real. One of our first lines of defense when it comes to terrorism is our De-partment of Homeland Security. There is no excuse for us to be dealing with this continuing resolution to fund this department. They should have the re-sources they need to keep America safe, but instead what has happened is this: The House of Representatives last week said they will only agree to fund this department properly if they can provide certain riders and changes in the law as part of it. 
I would tell you that the change that 
has been proposed by the House of Rep-resentatives is unacceptable. The 
President has said he is going to veto it if it is sent to his desk, and I totally support his position. 
Here is what they have come up with 
in the House of Representatives. If you are familiar with the DREAM Act, which I introduced in Congress 14 years ago, it says: If a young person is brought to the United States at an early age, parents making the decision to come to this country, and that young person grows up in the United States, finishes high school, no serious criminal problems, willing to go for-ward to higher education or to the military, we will give them a chance of becoming legal in America. That is the DREAM Act. It has been considered and passed on the floor of the Senate, considered and passed on the floor of the House but never in the same ses-sion, and so it is not the law of the land. 
President Obama, a little over 2 
years ago, came out with an Executive order program known as DACA. DACA said to these young people who would qualify under this law: If you will come forward and register with our govern-ment, if you will pay the filing fee, if you will allow us to do the background check, we will allow you to stay, go to school, and work in America and not be deported. Six hundred thousand young people have come forward. We estimate there are some 2 million eligible, and 600,000 have come forward. Thirty thou-sand are from my State of Illinois. Who are these young people? 
Let me introduce you to one of them, 
Oscar Vazquez. Oscar Vazquez grew up in Phoenix, AZ. His mother and father brought him to that city from Mexico, and he was undocumented. He attended Carl Hayden High School in Phoenix. He was a member of the Junior ROTC. His goal was to serve in the U.S. Army. 
When he went to the recruiter to sign 
up, the recruiter said: I need your birth certificate. 
Oscar said: Come on. We are fighting 
a war. Can’t you look the other way and just let me join? 
He said: No, young man. You don’t 
have the proper documents. You can’t enlist in the U.S. Army. 
He was despondent because that was 
his goal. He went home and got en-gaged in another project which is the subject of a new movie called ‘‘Spare Parts,’’ which George Lopez produced, directed, and starred in, which I saw last week. I will not give away the whole story, but I can tell you this: Oscar Vazquez and three other students at Carl Hayden High School entered into an underwater robotics competi-tion. They competed with colleges such as MIT and they won. Their high school team won the underwater robot-ics competition. 
The talented young man, Oscar, said: 
I am going to Arizona State Univer-sity. Without any government assist-ance, he graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering. After he got his degree and a wife and a baby, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.004 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S252 January 20, 2015 
said: Now I have to get right with 
America. I have to resolve this issue of being undocumented. 
That means Oscar decided to move 
back to Mexico. He was living in Mex-ico—the law required him to stay there for 10 years. That is how the law is written. He petitioned the United States for a chance to come back in. Eventually he was given a waiver. Oscar Vazquez came back, became a citizen of the United States of Amer-
ica, and the first thing he did was en-list in the U.S. Army. He went into combat in Afghanistan, and he came home after having served our Nation honorably and now is working for a major railroad in the State of Mon-tana, with his wife and children. 
That is the story of one DREAMer, 
one DREAMer who was given a chance and has made a difference in America. He not only served in our military, but he had a degree in mechanical engi-neering. He is going to be a job creator, a job builder himself. 
So what do the House Republicans 
want to do to people such as Oscar Vazquez? Deport them. That is exactly what they called for. They are dream killers. That isn’t right. We ought to give Oscar, young men and women just like him a chance to succeed and a chance to make America better. 
I have stood on this floor over 50 
times with color photographs such as this one by my side and told the stories 
of DREAMers. This last weekend I was in Chicago and six of them came for-ward and told their stories. Each and every one of them had a compelling reason for us to defeat this mean-spir-ited amendment that came out of the House of Representatives. 
The President will veto it if it gets to 
his desk, but I hope we will do better in the Senate. I hope there are enough Senators on both sides of the aisle, 60- plus, who will stand up for the DREAMers of America. This is a test. It is a test as to whether we believe in fairness and justice and the value that immigrants such as Oscar Vazquez bring to the future of America. 
The House of Representatives just 
doesn’t see it. They are blinded by their hatred for these immigrants, and they continue to pass these mean-spir-ited amendments. We can do better. We must do better as a nation. Let us stand up for the DREAMers, and let us all be dedicated to passing comprehen-sive immigration reform. Our immigra-tion laws are broken. Our system is broken. It is time for us to accept our responsibility and repair it. 
We passed a bill a year and a half ago 
on the floor of the Senate with 68 votes—14 Republicans—Republicans and Democrats voted for it and sent it over to the House of Representatives and it languished for a year and a half. They refused to even call it or consider it. Our immigration system is still bro-ken. Withholding money from the De-partment of Homeland Security, threatening with these riders that are dream killers for so many young people in America, that is unacceptable. I will stand on this floor as long as it 
takes to defend this DREAM Act and people such as Oscar Vazquez, who con-tribute to America and make it a bet-ter nation. I hope we will have bipar-tisan support for defeating the House of Representatives’ riders that have been branded by the President as unac-ceptable and he will veto. 
I yield floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half. 
The Senator from Missouri. 
f 
REMEMBERING PAT GRAY 
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, 
people who work in politics sometimes suffer a bad image. People who run for office, obviously, sometimes suffer a bad image. But sometimes even worse is the image that what we call the po-litical handlers have—those people who have made a career of professionally helping people get elected. They are seen as ruthless, as hired guns, as ag-gressive, even soulless, unprincipled. I am here to talk about one of those po-litical operatives, but this political op-erative was special. This political oper-ative was my friend. He was principled, he was brave, but most of all he was a patriot. Pat Gray passed away very re-cently and he will be missed. 
Pat grew up in Oklahoma. After serv-
ing 4 years in the Navy, he moved to Kansas City where he took a job with the Kansas City Power and Light Com-pany. He also became very active in the Jaycees. He found that work as part of the Jaycee organization was ex-hilarating. He had his first taste of working on campaigns to improve the community and he was hooked. 
Very quickly he moved into adver-
tising. That advertising job then morphed into working on political campaigns. Pat made his bones in 1982 as a political consultant when he took on the city incumbent county execu-tive in Jackson County, MO. Jackson County is the county where the person who used to have this desk is from, Harry Truman. Jackson County is the county that contains Kansas City. 
It was then and still is a place where 
Democrats do well. So for Pat Gray to take on a candidate to be a sitting in-cumbent county executive was quite brave because, as I am sure the Pre-siding Officer understands, politics is rough locally. When someone takes on a powerful person in the predominating 
party in a community, there is usually a price to pay, but Pat was not de-terred. His candidate, Bill Waris, beat that sitting county executive, Dale Baumgardner, in 1982. 
The following year Pat was hired in 
an important mayoral campaign where he was also successful, electing the Kansas City mayor. Pat was low key, but he was aggressive. Pat had little ego but lots of laser-like strategy. He was very easy going, but he was very hard on his opponents. As one Kansas Citian put it after Pat had passed away: Pat slid into second with his spikes in the air. So you either had to make a very good throw or get out of the way. 
That was his style, very hands-on. He 
wanted to win badly. Pat was instru-mental in electing the first woman as Jackson County executive, the first woman as Jackson County pros-ecutor—my campaign for that office in 1992—and the first woman as mayor of Kansas City. 
He helped to elect mayors, legisla-
tors, city council members, too many for me to name, too many campaigns, too many candidates. Nine out of ten times he was successful. He helped me throughout my career. I remember viv-idly in 1990, when I was running for the county legislature, his coming to my home in Coleman Highlands with a camera and shooting a commercial with me sitting on my living room couch, just the two of us. He became a trusted advisor and my dear friend until his death. 
As I stand at the very desk Harry 
Truman used in the Senate, I stand here in part because of his help and his loyalty. I will be reaching for the phone to call Pat Gray countless times in the coming years. While he helped many candidates, including me, it was on community issues that his record was particularly impressive. The e-tax renewal in Kansas City, which many thought had no chance, Pat success-fully steered; the renewal and invigoration of our sports complex in Kansas City, the home of the division champion Kansas City Royals and our Kansas City Chiefs. Pat Gray strategized a brilliant campaign to re-vitalize downtown Kansas City through the building of a major sports arena, which has now resulted in blocks and blocks of revitalization. In fact, real estate in Kansas City—residential real estate in downtown Kansas City—is now a hot ticket in large part because of Pat Gray; the very first area trans-portation tax, which gave a lifeline to thousands of Kansas Citians in the urban center, allowing them to find that way to get to work; a property tax for indigent care at Truman Medical Center. 
Can you imagine anything that 
might be more difficult to pass? Asking people to pay more property taxes to help care for the poor who were turning up in the emergency room at our major local hospital, Pat Gray did that; addi-tional tax moneys for both police and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.005 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S253 January 20, 2015 
fire and an issue very near and dear to 
my heart. He helped me renew the com-munity antidrug tax in Kansas City, which has been so instrumental in doing research and development on the antidrug strategies that work—not just more police, not just more prosecutors, not just more jail space but also pre-vention and treatment. Pat Gray was there helping me as we started one of the very first drug courts in the coun-try in Kansas City, as a result of his help with the COMBAT tax initiative. 
Pat adored his family. His wife Bren-
da always patient and smiling, he real-ly adored Brenda. She climbed into the roller coaster with Pat Gray in the late 1970s. While she had to hold on hard during part of the ride, there was never any question that they were a team and she was his rock. 
His children, Christopher, Donna, and 
Lauren, he was their guiding light and they were his pride and joy. Pat loved this country. He loved his family. He 
loved his city. He loved his friends and he loved his work. But most of all, he loved this country. 
Pat’s biggest secret, as a sometimes 
rough-and-tumble political brawler: he was an idealist who was inspired every day by our grand and glorious democ-racy. He had deep respect for the sys-tem he worked within. He understood that in America a good idea is some-times enough; a good idea helped along by a professional consultant who was a patriot. 
We will miss you, Pat Gray. We will 
miss you, Pat Gray, the patriot. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this 
morning I rise in support of two amendments that will make it clear to the American people exactly what this bill to authorize the Keystone XL Pipe-line is all about and whom our Repub-lican friends from across the aisle are trying to help. 
The amendments offered by Senators 
M
ARKEY and F RANKEN would ensure 
that the pipeline benefits the American consumer and the American economy. Without them, the bill to authorize the pipeline will benefit narrow special in-terests, such as foreign oil companies, not hard-working Americans. 
We have heard from several of my 
friends on the other side of the aisle, including the lead sponsor, that the Keystone bill is a jobs bill and an en-ergy bill. That may be true, but with-out Senator M
ARKEY ’s amendment it is 
nothing but a Canadian energy bill, and without Senator F
RANKEN ’s 
amendment it is a paltry jobs bill. First, on energy, in short, the Key-
stone bill will allow one Canadian com-pany to use the United States as a mid-dleman to ship oil to the highest bidder abroad. The Canadian oil company, TransCanada, refuses to commit to keeping the crude oil or the refined products in America. Canadian tar sands oil is already traveling through gulf coast refineries on its way to for-eign markets, and, as the Wall Street Journal has reported, much of the crude oil that would flow through the Keystone XL Pipeline would ulti-mately be exported as refined product. 
Why not add to this bill a require-
ment that any oil products transported through the Keystone XL Pipeline be consumed in America? Plain and sim-ple, that is exactly what Senator M
AR-
KEY’s amendment would do. If Repub-
licans are serious about improving our energy security, they will support Sen-ator M
ARKEY ’s amendment. 
Second, let’s talk about whether this 
is a real jobs bill. Republicans and sup-porters of the project like to cite that building the pipeline will support American industries and American jobs in iron and steel, but a 2011 analysis by Cornell University found that 50 per-cent or more of the steel pipe will be manufactured outside the United States. 
It is no wonder that even the most 
optimistic job projections about the Keystone Pipeline are a drop in the bucket compared to just 1 month of job growth in our country. In the final tally, the State Department report says it will create only 35 permanent jobs. 
Why not guarantee in the bill that 
U.S.-made iron, steel, and manufac-tured goods be used to build the pipe-line? That is exactly what Democrats have offered in an amendment worked out by Senators F
RANKEN and W YDEN . 
These amendments should be bipar-
tisan. Republicans have supported sev-eral measures in the past. I know many of my Republican colleagues voted to ban the export of oil drilled in the ANWR in Alaska. I hope they will join us on this amendment as well. 
If Republicans oppose us, they will be 
making it crystal clear to Americans that they are on the side of narrow spe-cial interests instead of on the side of America’s middle class. They will be supporting special interests over Amer-ican jobs. 
Let me be clear. We think the Key-
stone Pipeline should not be built, and there are several reasons for that, among them that the pipeline may ac-celerate global climate change. Tar sands oil is far dirtier than conven-tional crude oil. Democrats would much rather see an energy bill that promotes clean energy sources such as solar and wind, industries which create far more jobs, both construction and manufacturing, using far cleaner en-ergy than the pipeline. 
Why not have a policy that produces 
many more jobs with the cleanest of energy rather than very few jobs with the dirtiest energy on the North Amer-
ican continent? 
But if Keystone is going to be built, 
we think it shouldn’t only benefit Ca-nadian oil companies and overseas steel manufacturers but should actu-ally benefit average families and the American worker. 
To conclude, I note that instead of a 
real energy bill or a real jobs bill or a real infrastructure bill or immigration or any bill to address the greatest problems facing our country at the mo-ment—the decline in middle-class in-comes and the lack of middle-class jobs—for their first proposed action in the 114th Congress, S. 1, Republicans have chosen a permit for a foreign oil company that would create 35 perma-nent jobs. This is not an opening with a bang; this is an opening with a whim-per. It is like leading off a new baseball game with a bunt. 
Democrats can’t change what bills 
Republicans put on the calendar, but our amendments will show a clear and stark contrast if Republicans vote no. On these amendments and more, Re-publicans are going to have to make a choice: Will they continue to fight for narrow special interests or will they work with Democrats to advance America’s middle class by creating more jobs and putting more money in the pockets of American families? Time and these votes will tell. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President. I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE ECONOMY 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, tonight 
the President of the United States will lay out his agenda for the year, but un-fortunately it sounds as if much of it will be a rehash of the same stale, top- down ideas Democrats have been trot-ting out for the past 6 years: more taxes, more spending, more regula-tion—in other words, more govern-ment. If Democrats could sum up their agenda in one phrase, it would be ‘‘gov-ernment knows best.’’ But the past 6 years have very clearly demonstrated that government does not know best. The past 6 years of the Obama economy have not been kind to American fami-lies. 
It is time for new ideas. It is time to 
change the focus from building up gov-ernment to building up people. Ameri-cans need more jobs, better wages, and lower costs for health care, education, and energy, and the Republicans’ pri-ority is meeting those challenges. We want to rebuild the economy from the ground up and increase economic op-portunity for every American. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.007 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S254 January 20, 2015 
Tonight the President will talk about 
helping middle-class families, and Re-publicans are pleased to see the Presi-dent pivoting back to middle-class con-cerns—something Republicans have never looked away from. We hope President Obama is serious about wanting to work with Republicans to address the challenges facing the mid-dle class, but it is a little hard to take the President seriously when he is talking about helping middle-class families while simultaneously issuing veto threats for bills that would ben-efit them. 
Within the past 2 weeks, the Presi-
dent has issued veto threats for two bills that would help create jobs for middle-class families—a bill to fix ObamaCare’s 30-hour workweek provi-sion, which is affecting employees’ hours and wages, and a bill to approve the Keystone Pipeline. The House passed both of these bills earlier this month, and the Senate is currently in the process of considering the Keystone legislation. If it weren’t for the Presi-dent’s veto threat, Keystone XL could be approved in the next few weeks, but thanks to the President, the future of the pipeline is still in doubt. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline is sup-
ported by bipartisan majorities in both Houses of Congress. Six of the Senate Keystone bill’s original sponsors are Democrats. The American people sup-port the pipeline. Unions—a tradition-ally Democratic constituency—support the pipeline because their members want the jobs the pipeline would cre-ate. In fact, a number of unions sent letters just this month reiterating their support for the pipeline. 
This is what James P. Hoffa, presi-
dent of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, said: 
The Teamsters Union continues to believe 
that the Keystone XL pipeline will con-tribute to enhanced energy security, eco-nomic prosperity, and, of critical impor-tance, the creation of good-paying jobs. 
Those aren’t Republican talking 
points; that is a letter from James Hoffa, president of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. 
Edwin D. Hill, president of the Inter-
national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, said something similar: 
At a time when job creation should be a 
top priority, the Keystone XL Pipeline project will put Americans back to work and have ripple benefits throughout the econ-omy. During construction the project is ex-pected to support at least 42,000 jobs and con-tribute $3.4 billion to the U.S. Gross Domes-tic Product. 
Again, that is from Edwin D. Hill, 
president of the International Brother-hood of Electrical Workers. 
Yet, despite all this support, Presi-
dent Obama is willing to turn his back on American workers to appease the only people who seem to oppose the pipeline; that is, members of the far- left environmental wing of the Demo-cratic Party. 
Over the years, the President has of-
fered various excuses for why he is not yet ready to approve the pipeline. He has cited environmental concerns. The 
only problem with that, of course, is that the President’s own State Depart-ment has stated the project will have minimal impact on the environment. The President has also cited the court case over the pipeline’s Nebraska route as a reason for waiting on the pipeline approval. Well, as of a week and a half 
ago that excuse is gone. The Nebraska Supreme Court has now upheld the pipeline’s route. The administration re-sponded by reiterating the President’s veto threat. 
President Obama has tried to mini-
mize the impact of the pipeline delays by diminishing the importance of the jobs the pipeline would create. He has repeatedly mentioned that most of the jobs the pipeline would create would be temporary. Well, tell that to a con-struction worker who is looking for a job. Does the President oppose all in-frastructure projects because some of the jobs they create are temporary? Or does he just oppose projects when the jobs they create are opposed by the fringe elements of his party? 
The Keystone XL Pipeline will be a 
boon to our economy and to American workers. The President’s own State De-partment has stated that the pipeline would support more than 42,000 jobs during construction and contribute $3.4 billion to the economy. In my home State of South Dakota the pipeline will support 3,000 to 4,000 jobs during con-struction and generate over $100 mil-lion in earnings, according to the President’s State Department. These are not my figures. These are figures from the President’s own State Depart-ment. 
Keystone will bring in millions of 
dollars in State and local taxes for a host of local priorities—from schools to law enforcement to roads and bridges. In addition to providing jobs and gener-ating revenue for State and local gov-ernments, the Keystone XL Pipeline will also help America’s farmers get their goods to the market. Rail back-logs this fall left too many farmers struggling to ship their harvests. Key-stone XL would help alleviate future backlogs by taking 100,000 barrels of North Dakota and Montana oil off the rails, which would free up substantial space for farmers and for other rail shippers. 
Finally, the Keystone XL Pipeline 
will strengthen our energy security by reducing our dependence upon energy supplies from volatile countries. This increased energy security will also keep energy prices low for American families. Recent gas price reductions are largely due to increased North American energy development which has reduced our dependence on oil from countries such as Venezuela, Russia, and Iran. The Keystone XL Pipeline will help us continue to replace oil im-ports from volatile countries with our own oil and imports from our friend and ally Canada. That in turn will help keep American families’ energy bills low. With energy bills accounting for more than a quarter of after-tax in-
come for families making less than $30,000, lowering Americans’ energy costs should be a priority. 
It is time for the President of the 
United States to fish or cut bait. Ap-proving the Keystone XL Pipeline should be a no-brainer. Republicans support it, Democrats support it, unions support it, and the American people support it. The pipeline would create jobs. It would increase revenue for local governments. It would strengthen our energy security, and it would do all of this—all of this—with-out spending a dime of taxpayer money. 
President Obama can talk all he 
wants tonight about helping American workers and middle-class families, but it is his actions that will show whether he really means what he says. 
If the President is serious about help-
ing middle-class families, if he is seri-ous about standing with American workers, then he will approve the Key-stone XL bill when it gets to his desk. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Arkansas. 
f 
STATE OF THE UNION 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, to-
night we will gather in the House Chamber to listen to the President’s State of the Union Address. This will be the first time in Barack Obama’s Presidency that he delivers a State of the Union Address to a Republican-led House and Senate. Some see this as a prescription for gridlock. Others, in-cluding myself, see this as an oppor-tunity for the executive branch and the legislative branch to work together to actually get some things done. There is recent precedent that shows this ar-rangement can work. In fact, it is a pe-riod of our history where an Arkansan played a huge role. 
During the final 6 years of Bill Clin-
ton’s Presidency, he faced the same sit-uation as our current President. He worked with Republicans to reform the welfare system. He worked with Repub-licans to balance the budget—an ac-complishment that hasn’t been re-peated since. He worked with Con-gress—not tried to go around them. 
Now, I don’t expect us to always 
agree. There are stark ideological dif-ferences between President Obama and our Republican majority for which there is really no agreement to be had without one side or the other aban-doning their principles, and certainly I do not intend to do that. I don’t see the President doing that either. What I do hope is that the President will find common ground with not only Con-gress but the American people. When that happens, work gets done here. 
Even in the last Congress, with a 
Democratic majority in the Senate blocking almost everything in an effort to protect President Obama, we still had flashes of bipartisan agreement. We agreed on the new farm bill, which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.009 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S255 January 20, 2015 
ensures the continued safety, afford-
ability, and reliability of our food sup-ply while achieving real savings in Federal spending. We reformed the VA to address the horrific wait times our veterans face while trying to receive the health care they earned. And we passed a spending agreement that brings discretionary spending to its lowest level in almost a decade and has a number of provisions that adhere to conservative principles. 
Both parties did not get everything 
they wanted in any of these instances, but the final product was the result of individuals coming from different starting points and arriving at the same finish line. That is what the American people want, but that takes an honest commitment from all parties involved. 
One way the President can show he is 
really ready to work with Congress is to abandon his misguided plan to cir-cumvent Congress and grant amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants. I an-ticipate that President Obama will try tonight, once again, to defend his ac-tions by blaming Congress for not pass-ing immigration reform. The truth is everyone in this Chamber is eager to tackle immigration reform. 
The President is acting unilaterally 
because he knows Congress does not support his amnesty proposal. He knows the final product of our work will not include that provision. So he intends to go around Congress to get his way. Now the President seems in-tent to dig his heels in deeper by threatening to veto our efforts to defund his actions. This is just one of the veto threats President Obama has already issued just weeks into the new Congress. This start doesn’t bode well for bipartisanship. 
I hope tonight’s speech is light on the 
veto threats and heavy on the areas where we can find common agreement. I think those are plentiful, and I sin-cerely believe it is possible. 
A fair and simple tax system, cre-
ating jobs, and making Washington more efficient, effective and account-able—these are the issues that Ameri-cans want us to address and areas where compromise is possible. That is where our focus should be and what the country wants—not just what the President wants. 
If everyone comes to the table ready 
to work, I think we can surprise every-one with what we can achieve. But it will take Presidential leadership. An Arkansan showed it can be done. Presi-dent Obama should look to the example of President Clinton for how to move forward and to work with a Republican Congress. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
Pending: 
Murkowski amendment No. 2, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Markey/Baldwin amendment No. 13 (to 
amendment No. 2), to ensure that oil trans-ported through the Keystone XL Pipeline into the United States is used to reduce U.S. dependence on Middle Eastern oil. 
Portman/Shaheen amendment No. 3 (to 
amendment No. 2), to promote energy effi-ciency. 
Cantwell (for Franken) amendment No. 17 
(to amendment No. 2), to require the use of iron, steel, and manufactured goods produced in the United States in the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline and facilities. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we 
are back on the bill before us, a meas-ure that would allow for the permit to be approved to allow for construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline from Can-ada into the United States. We had good discussion last week, certainly on Friday. 
We have several amendments that 
are pending before the body. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts has one on oil exports, Senator P
ORTMAN on energy 
efficiency, and there is another meas-ure sponsored by Senator F
RANKEN re-
lating to American steel. Obviously, it is important that we begin to process these amendments because we have a significant amount of interest in the issues in front of us. At this point in time there are—we had over 50 filed amendments as of Friday evening. As of this morning, we maybe have more on deck. There is clearly a great deal of interest not only on Keystone XL but other energy-related amendments as well. 
As we work through finalizing the 
events for this afternoon, I would like to alert Members that we would like to have votes on at least the three pend-ing amendments that are before us that I just mentioned, hopefully by midafternoon. We are aware the Senate will close early today because of the President’s State of the Union this evening. So my hope is that we would be able to process these three. 
It has come to our attention that 
Senator P
ORTMAN ’s amendment may 
need to be modified. He is in the proc-ess of doing that, and it may be that we will be able to accept that amendment this afternoon by voice vote. At this point in time, I would encour-
age Members to come to us as the floor managers here, and let’s figure out how we can get these amendments pending before the Senate. On the Republican side we have three folks who are queued up ready to offer theirs when it is appropriate. As we had agreed last week, we will go from side to side in terms of the amendments that will be considered. Hopefully this will be the beginning of a good, constructive week as we turn to regular order here in the Senate processing amendments. 
With that, I would turn to my col-
league on the energy committee, Sen-ator C
ANTWELL , for any comments she 
might care to make. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, just 
to reiterate our opposition to this leg-islation, new polling has come out showing that the American public real-ly does—over 60 percent—support going through a normal process and not sub-verting what are environmental laws. But we are going to move forward in getting this legislation voted on. My colleague just outlined a process for this afternoon. So I would encourage Members to come to the floor to offer their amendments. I know Senator F
RANKEN is coming to speak on his 
amendment, and I see the Senator from Massachusetts here to speak on his amendment. So hopefully while they are speaking we can get a vote sched-ule firmed up and talk about other amendments besides the three we have pending. But I would agree with the Senator from Alaska that Members should come down here and talk on their amendments and we should keep the process moving. 
With that, I am not sure who is 
queued up to speak. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
believe the sponsor of this legislation, Senator H
OEVEN , would like to address 
the Chamber for a few minutes this afternoon not only on the amendments that are pending but the bigger picture of Keystone XL. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. May I inquire of the 
Senator from Alaska and Senator H
OEVEN how long he intends to speak 
to make sure our colleague from Mas-sachusetts knows he has his time be-fore we get locked out for lunch? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, my in-
quiry would be: How much time does the Senator from Massachusetts need? I would be willing to defer my time until later, as long as I know I would have approximately 10 minutes before the hard break of 12:30 p.m. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
would think that if it is OK to allow the Senator from Massachusetts to proceed, knowing that our hard stop is 12:30 p.m., that at least—I would make this request: that both Senators be al-lowed to speak for 10 minutes, starting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.011 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S256 January 20, 2015 
with Senator M ARKEY , followed by Sen-
ator H OEVEN . If they want to extend 
their remarks, they can make a unani-mous consent request to do so. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. May I ask a par-
liamentary inquiry. It would be this. Is it possible for me to speak for 5 min-utes, then reserve the remainder of my time and have the Senator from North Dakota speak, and then I can reclaim the remainder of my time? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will 
take unanimous consent. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I have no objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Massachusetts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, we are 
about to engage in a historic debate; that is, over whether the Canadians—a Canadian oil company—should be al-lowed to take the dirtiest oil in the world, the Canadian tar sands oil, to have the United States accede to the construction of a pipeline, like a straw through our country, which would then go down to the Gulf of Mexico, with no promise from the Canadians that they will not export the oil from the United States. 
So the issue which is raised, of 
course, is what is in it for the United States, since there is a very small number of jobs for our country once the pipeline is completed? We under-stand why the Canadian company wants to do this. If they can get that oil out onto the global marketplace, using the United States as the conduit, they can get a dramatically higher price for that oil. We understand their motivation. But what is in it for the United States of America? 
Ultimately, we have to decide what is 
in our best interests. My amendment says that if this pipeline is con-structed, the oil stays here, our coun-try gets the benefit, and our consumers get the benefit. Otherwise, it is not about energy independence; it is not about North American energy inde-pendence. It is about a Canadian com-pany exporting the oil, using the United States as a conduit, as a straw, as a pipeline. That is it. What is in it for us? 
The American people right now are 
enjoying historically low oil prices. They love it. It is like a tax cut to every American. If this Canadian oil gets exported, you better believe it is going to act as a spur to raise the price of oil. The more oil that is here, the better for us. The more oil that leaves our country, the worse for us. 
I will give you another number, if 
you want to know, because this is a Ca-nadian export pipeline. The United States of America right now is the leading importing country for oil in the world. We are No. 1. We import net about 5 million barrels of oil a day. We are No. 1. We are the No. 1 importing country. Then comes China, then comes India, then Japan. Five million 
barrels a day—how can we be exporting oil when we are the leading importer of oil? 
What countries do we import the oil 
from today, 2015? We import the oil from Saudi Arabia, from Venezuela, from Iraq, from Russia, from Nigeria. How can we be exporting our young men and women in uniform over to the Middle East in order to protect these ships coming in with oil in them and simultaneously be exporting oil out of the United States, while we are still importing 5 million barrels of oil a day? 
That is what this debate is all about. 
It does not make any sense. This is the dirtiest oil in the world. This oil is going to dangerously add to the warm-ing of the planet. The Canadian—the American Petroleum Institute will not promise the oil stays here, even though their ads on TV say that it is all about North American energy independence. 
So we have a huge choice we have to 
make here. Do we want to help our economy? Do we want to help our na-tional security, help our consumers, help our manufacturers by giving them this lower price of energy—which ex-cept for labor is the No. 1 component in industry in the United States—and keep that price low? The Markey amendment says: Yes, that oil stays here in the United States of America for our own strength, our own econ-omy, our own consumers, our own job creation, and will not be sent off onto the world so the Canadian oil company can get a much higher price for that oil while we take all of the risk. We would not be Uncle Sam, we would be Uncle Sucker if we did not keep that oil here. 
I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate this opportunity to engage in a discussion with my colleague from Massachusetts on the important issues. He has raised several issues in regard to oil export and then also in regard to the environmental aspects. 
If I could take a minute to address 
both of those, for starters, I would point out that it is interesting that the Senator, my good friend from Massa-chusetts, is opposed to this pipeline project and talks about our need to im-port oil, and therefore we should not allow any exports, because we need to import oil. Yet he is opposed to a project that would not only bring Ca-nadian oil to our country, 830,000 bar-rels a day, but also would help us move 100,000 barrels of oil a day from my State of North Dakota and my neigh-boring State of Montana—light sweet Bakken crude. So he objects to that, and he talks about our need to import oil. The irony here is that if he is suc-cessful and he and the other critics or opponents of this pipeline and the in-frastructure are successful, then what Canada will do is they will build a pipe-line to the west coast of Canada, and they will export that oil to China—100 percent of it. So it appears that his argument is 
that because some portion of this oil may be exported if we build the pipe-line, somehow it is better to force Can-ada to export 100 percent of it to China. Now, I do not begin to understand that argument. So if we cannot have 100 per-cent—every single drop—stay here, then we are better off to send all 100 percent to China. That is my oppo-nent’s argument. I do not understand it. It does not make sense to me. 
The second point I would like to 
make is if he goes to the environ-mental impact statement issued by the Obama State Department, the environ-mental impact statement says that the oil would be used in the United States. If he looks at the Obama administra-tion’s Department of Energy report, he will see that the report also indicates that this oil is going to be used in the United States. 
Now, that does not mean that we use 
every drop of it. I will give you some statistics. The United States retains 99 percent of all crude oil within the country that we produce. The United States uses 97 percent of the gasoline that we refine in this country. So, re-member, this oil comes to refineries in Patoka, IL, and to the gulf coast. It goes to Cushing, and it gets refined. 
The statistics are that we use 97 per-
cent of that gasoline from oil that is refined in our country. The other thing I would point out is that the oil that comes in on this pipeline, along with the crude that comes from the Bakken, is both Canadian and domestic oil. That cannot be exported without ap-proval from the Secretary of Com-merce of the Obama administration. 
So here again, my good friend from 
Massachusetts is putting forth an amendment that absolutely no oil in this one pipeline can be exported at any time to anywhere from the coun-try, yet they already have provisions in law that it cannot be exported with-out the Secretary of Commerce’s ap-proval. The Secretary of Commerce is appointed by President Obama. 
So, again, if you look at the adminis-
tration’s own reports, and they have been done over more than 6 years that this project has been pending—the ad-ministration now has had 6 years to re-view this project, has done so, and has produced five environmental impact statements. The conclusion of those environmental impact statements is ‘‘no significant environmental im-pact.’’ That is the administration’s own environmental impact statements produced by the State Department. 
But after 6 years, they have come out 
and said: This oil will be used here, and to be exported, it would have to be ap-proved by the Secretary of Commerce, as other oil exports are handled in this country. Furthermore, if we do not build the pipeline, it is either all going to be sent to China—so then we would not get any of it—or we are going to have to move it via railcars—1,400 rail-cars a day, creating more congestion on our railways. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.015 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S257 January 20, 2015 
So at this point, I would inquire as to 
how much time I have used of my 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has used 5 minutes. 
Mr. HOEVEN. At this point, I would 
yield back to my good friend from Mas-sachusetts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. I thank the Senator 
very much. Year 2014 has just been re-ported by NASA as the single warmest year ever recorded in the history of the planet, going back to the earliest records. You do not have to be a detec-tive to figure out what is going on. The world is dangerously warming. The United States can no longer preach temperance from a bar stool and tell the rest of the world they should be better while we continue to burn these fuels. 
But if they are going to build this 
pipeline, at least the American people should be the beneficiaries of the Cana-dian activity to sell all of this oil out onto the global market. What we are being told is: No, we do not want any restrictions. We do not want there to be any way in which we can keep that oil here, to keep prices at least low for the American consumer and for Amer-ican job creation, to keep oil here so we can maybe back out the Saudi Ara-bian oil, maybe back out the Kuwaiti oil, maybe back out the Russian oil that we are importing right now as we sit here. But we are being told we can-not do that. We are being told the Re-publican leadership thinks that is a bad idea. 
When I asked the head of the Trans-
Canada pipeline in the hearing if he agree to keep the oil in the United States, he just looked at me and said no. So this is what is going on. 
What happens for the American con-
sumer? Well, I will tell you what hap-pens. It is a very simple formula. Every time there is a $10 increase in the price of a barrel of oil, it knocks two-tenths of a point to three-tenths of a percent-age point off of the growth rate of the American economy. 
When Americans pay less for Amer-
ican oil and we import less foreign oil, consumers have more money in their pockets from that discounted Amer-ican oil. That is like a direct economic stimulus for middle-class families and small businesses across the country. Analysts say the drop in oil prices will give hundreds of billions back to con-sumers and other parts of our econ-omy. Every penny reduction in gas prices translates into $1 billion in con-sumer savings. 
So when the polling is done on this 
issue and the American people are asked if they would support the expor-tation of American oil, by a 3-to-1 mar-gin people say, all across the country, regardless of party: No, do not export it. Keep that oil here to make America stronger here at home. 
That is not Democrat. That is not 
Republican. That is not Independent. That is all people being polled across 
the board. 
That is just common sense because 
they know the more oil we export, the higher the prices are going to be for consumers here because we have less oil. This is a simple debate. 
The planet is running a fever. There 
are no emergency rooms for planets. We have to engage in preventive care. The Republican leadership thinks they have the votes in order to pass this bill which will dangerously warm the plan-et. My amendment says if that is going to be the case—and I am not voting for that bill—at least let’s keep the oil here, at least let’s get the benefit for consumers so we keep prices low for gasoline, prices low for home heating oil, prices low for jet fuel, prices low for diesel. Let’s keep the oil here, let’s get the benefit in our economy, and let’s not allow oil companies to set the agenda. 
The Republican leadership keeps say-
ing it is all of the above. Ladies and gentlemen, this bill basically says: No. No, it is oil above all. That is what it is all about. It is not even oil that is necessarily going to stay in the United States, so it is a very simple argument I am making. 
We import 5 million barrels of oil a 
day. They come from the worst places in the world that we should be depend-ent upon—5 million barrels a day. We export young men and women over to the Middle East to protect that oil coming in. The least we owe to those young men and women is when we get a chance to reduce our dependence upon imported oil, we take that chance, that we send that message to the rest of the world that we under-stand our Achille’s heel. We understand what makes us weak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The time of the Senator has ex-
pired. 
Mr. MARKEY. I thank the Presiding 
Officer, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the Markey amendment. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate this debate. It is an important de-bate to have. Clearly, the Senator from Massachusetts and I have very dif-ferent ideas about how this should be addressed, but this is the debate we should have. This is about the energy future we are building for this country. 
I am pleased we are engaged in this 
debate. Let’s work to build the kind of energy plan that is going to truly make our country energy secure. 
To do that, we not only need to 
produce energy domestically, we need to work with our closest friend and ally, Canada. At the same time, as we produce that energy, we need the infra-structure to move it to our markets rather than sending it overseas. 
So it is ironic on the one hand the 
Senator is proposing an amendment saying: Oh, no. If we get any of this oil, we have to have all of it. He is making an argument that doesn’t work in a global economy, where he is saying if we can’t have 100 percent of it every single day—not one drop leaves—then 
export all of it. I want 100 percent or nothing. 
That doesn’t make sense. The whole point is we have just fin-
ished showing that the oil will be used here, and for any of it to be exported we need the Secretary of Commerce’s approval. But we have to talk about it in a larger context because this debate we are having isn’t only about the Key-stone Pipeline, it is about the future of energy security for our country. 
Are we going to work to produce oil 
and gas domestically? Are we going to work with Canada to bring their oil and gas that they produce as well to us, rather than having them export it to China, so we are energy secure? 
What I mean by that is we produce 
more oil and gas in North America than we consume. When we do that we become energy secure. As far as this argument about any kind of other source of energy or renewable, that this somehow precludes it, it doesn’t. Let’s produce all those other energy sources as well. They are not mutually exclusive. 
Preventing us from producing more 
oil and gas and working with Canada to produce more oil and gas so we don’t have to get it from OPEC in no way ex-cludes any other type of energy devel-opment. They are not mutually exclu-sive. 
So, yes, let’s do it all but don’t block 
this effort to make us energy secure in oil and gas so we don’t have to depend upon OPEC. That is the real issue un-derlying this debate. That is why we have to build this vital infrastructure. Right now when Americans go to the pump, they are paying—I think I saw today the national average is about $2.05 for gasoline. Why is that? 
As I have said before on this floor, it 
is not because OPEC decided to give us a Christmas present. When OPEC can, they will try to push those gas prices right back up. The reason gas prices at the pump are down now for all our con-sumers and for all our small businesses is because we are producing more oil and gas at home and we are getting more from Canada. 
The United States uses about 18 mil-
lion barrels per day of oil. Right now we produce about 11 million barrels in the United States. We import another 3 million from Canada. That gets us up to about 14 million, so we are down to only importing about 4 million a day. 
If we continue to work with Canada 
and develop our own energy resources, pretty soon we will be at that point where we produce more energy than we consume, but we have to have this dis-cussion about needing the infrastruc-ture and also our ability to operate in global markets. 
I will talk more about that, because 
if we produce more oil and gas, it puts downward pressure on oil prices on the world market. Most of those world markets are priced off of Brent crude. 
As we produce more oil, we not only 
help ourselves, we help our allies. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.016 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S258 January 20, 2015 
we have to understand what it takes to 
build an energy plan and do it the right way rather than blocking the very in-frastructure and doing the very things that have led to incredible benefits today for our consumers at the pump. 
If that were a tax cut, that reduction 
of more than $1 in the gas prices is $100 billion in our consumers’ pockets. That is the impact. 
So it is about jobs. It is about energy, 
it is about jobs, it is about growing our economy, it is about national secu-rity—but not by blocking these efforts that are benefitting our consumers, making our country stronger, safer, and helping our allies but by con-tinuing to move forward with them. 
I look forward to discussing that 
more and the environmental impact. 
One more statistic before I turn to 
my good colleague from Nebraska. Since 1990, the greenhouse gas emis-sions from oil sands-produced oil have gone down 28 percent, almost one- third, because in Alberta they are tak-ing huge steps to continue to improve the environmental stewardship of this production. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has used 10 minutes. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I look forward to dis-
cussing that further. I think I have control of the floor time until 12:30. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
is not controlled. 
Mr. HOEVEN. All right. Under prior 
agreement, I turn to my colleague from Nebraska. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I see my colleague 
from Minnesota who wanted to speak on his amendment which is pending, and I know our colleague from Ne-braska is here. She has been waiting, so I hope before we adjourn we could accommodate both of them. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that we turn to my colleague from Nebraska, and I would be willing to confer, as far as time, to the Senator from Minnesota. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. I thank the Senator 
from North Dakota for his comments. 
Mr. President, I, too, come to the 
floor to speak on the great improve-ments to our economy due to energy production. 
The American oil and gas surge has 
created jobs across this country and re-newed investments in infrastructure, transforming many unlikely States and cities into energy hubs for fuel pro-duction. 
Over the past 5 years alone the 
United States has increased our domes-tic supply of oil and gas by 50 percent. In an amazing turnaround the United States is now on track to overtake Saudi Arabia as the world’s top oil pro-ducer, resulting in the creation of thousands of American jobs and great-er savings for consumers. The natural gas industry has also 
grown tremendously and in the United States has become one of the world’s No. 1 producers. 
Across this great Nation we are for-
tunate to have a diverse portfolio of energy resources, including coal, nu-clear, hydroelectric, natural gas, and multiple renewable energy resources such as ethanol, wind, and solar. These resources can be used to improve the lives of all Americans. 
American consumers are now blessed 
with multiple options to obtain the af-fordable, reliable energy that is being produced in an environmentally re-sponsible manner, but in order to maintain and grow our domestic en-ergy security we need to have policies that support that goal. 
Unfortunately, President Obama has 
given only lip service to an ‘‘all of the above’’ energy strategy while pushing a counteragenda that has restricted do-mestic production and energy choices. That costs Americans billions of dol-lars. 
Meanwhile, the EPA is taking this 
anti-American energy agenda to a new level with proposals that jeopardize the affordability and reliability of elec-tricity for all Americans. 
The EPA’s proposed rule for existing 
powerplants would force the premature retirement of efficient, low-cost coal- fueled generation, leading to the poten-tial loss of billions of dollars of invest-ments made over the past decade to make coal plants cleaner. 
These proposals would make it near-
ly impossible for the United States— which possesses the world’s largest re-serves of coal—to continue to utilize this affordable and abundant energy source. Nebraska’s families and busi-nesses, which depend on coal-fired gen-eration for nearly two-thirds of their electric needs, are going to be dis-proportionately penalized under this plan. 
Under this administration the Fed-
eral Government has quashed energy projects by slow-walking, politicizing, and rejecting routine permits to build energy infrastructure such as the Key-stone Pipeline. This important project has the clear capacity to grow our economy and maintain our energy se-curity. 
On this floor we have heard many 
comments during this debate about the Nebraska Legislature and what was done with regard to the Keystone Pipe-line. Let me set the record straight. I was in the Nebraska Legislature at that time. In fact, the proposed pipe-line route crosses my former legisla-tive district. 
By the way, I am a cattle rancher. I 
live in the Nebraska Sandhills and I live over the Ogalalla Aquifer. The leg-islation was not coerced and the Ne-braska Legislature was certainly not confused, as some of my colleagues on the other side have implied. 
The Nebraska Legislature is a very 
open and public process. Every bill— every single bill that is introduced— has a public hearing, and our citizens 
are welcome and encouraged to come to those public hearings to express their opinions before legislative com-mittees. 
We also have three stages of debate. 
We have three stages of debate on every single bill before that final vote. 
The Nebraska Legislature made deci-
sions dealing with the pipeline siting within our borders. 
The bill passed on a 44-to-5 vote. I 
would also mention that the entire Ne-braska congressional delegation— which does include a Democratic Con-gressman from the Second Congres-sional District who also served in the Nebraska Legislature—is united in our support for this bill. Last week this bill was called an opening gambit or spin by some of my colleagues. 
For the vast majority of Nebraskans, 
this is about certainty. Nebraskans want a decision made. This has been going on for 6 years. It is time for the President to make a decision. 
I am also working on some common-
sense amendments to improve the ar-duous NEPA approval process and to protect private property energy pro-duction. I am also going to be offering amendments to set commonsense limi-tations for Federal land designation. 
I am excited about the opportunities 
we have to pursue policies where we can champion the productive use of America’s energy resources in this Congress and where we will be able to capitalize on our country’s energy prosperity. I am excited and looking forward to an open amendment process where we can do our jobs, where we can offer amendments, where we can debate those amendments, and most impor-tantly where we can vote because that is the only way we are held account-able to our constituents, the American people. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Senator M
UR-
PHYbe recognized for up to 5 minutes 
following my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
to talk about an amendment I have of-fered with Senators S
TABENOW and 
MANCHIN , which is amendment No. 17 
to S. 1. Our amendment recognizes the importance of the iron and steel indus-tries in our country and ensures that if the pipeline is built, it is built with American iron and steel so we can cre-ate more jobs and strengthen our econ-omy. 
Congress has had a long history of 
using ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions in order to maximize the economic bene-fits of infrastructure projects. ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions ensure that more goods and manufactured items used in infrastructure and other projects are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.014 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S259 January 20, 2015 
produced here at home. In fact, as re-
cently as 2013 Congress passed a provi-sion in the WRDA Act—the Water Re-sources Development Act—to require the use of iron, steel, and other domes-tically produced goods in water infra-structure projects. That is important because it means that we keep jobs and profits here at home instead of sending them abroad. 
Unfortunately, there is no such re-
quirement when it comes to construc-tion of the Keystone XL Pipeline. In fact, according to TransCanada itself, half of the pipe for the U.S. portion of the pipeline would be sourced from for-eign countries. And for the other half that would be put together here in the United States, much of the raw mate-rial, such as the steel that goes into the pipe, could be sourced from over-seas. This is the problem our amend-ment addresses. Our amendment would require the use of domestic iron, steel, and other manufactured goods in the construction of the Keystone XL Pipe-line, provided the material is readily available and affordable. 
If adopted, the amendment would 
create jobs for iron ore miners, such as the ones across the Iron Range in my State of Minnesota. It would create more jobs for shippers who ship the ore across the Great Lakes or by rail or down the Mississippi River. It would create more jobs for our steelworkers who work in steel mills across this country. 
At the same time, we specify in our 
amendment that these requirements would be implemented consistent with our trade agreements. 
Some of my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle have said we shouldn’t put such restrictions on a private com-pany. But we have to remember that this isn’t your typical private com-pany. The underlying bill to authorize the pipeline would throw out the estab-lished approval process for the con-struction of a cross-border pipeline by a foreign corporation. That means all of the important assessments regarding things such as safety and the environ-ment that our Federal agencies might have made on this project are tossed by the wayside. So if Congress is going to intervene on behalf of this foreign com-pany, then the least we can do is to make sure the company building the pipeline uses American-made iron and steel. 
This is a very pragmatic amendment. 
We all have different views on the ap-proval process for this pipeline, and while I believe Congress should not cir-cumvent the approval process we have in place, I think we can all agree that we want jobs here in America. So I in-vite my colleagues to stand up for our domestic iron and steel producers by supporting my amendment. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Thank you very much, 
Mr. President. I come to the floor to support the 
amendment which is the pending busi-ness on the floor today. 
This is only my second session in the 
Senate, but I imagine that it means something to be Senate bill 1. It prob-ably means something even more to be Senate bill 1 in the new Republican- majority Senate. Why? Because my colleagues on the other side of the aisle 
had 8 years in the minority to think about what should be the first bill, the No. 1 priority of this new Republican Senate, 8 years to think about every problem American families are facing, to vet every possible solution to these problems and decide what is going to be the first bill we are going to debate to make this country a better place. There were a lot of measures the new majority could have chosen. We could have been sitting here talking about a tax cut for the middle class or we could have been talking about a proposal to make college more affordable. We could have been talking about a pro-posal to grow small businesses all across the country. But we are not talking about those things. After 8 years of stewing over the problems America faces, Senate bill 1 is an oil pipeline. 
As my colleagues who are in opposi-
tion to the underlying bill have said, this isn’t just any oil pipeline; this is a pipeline to ship foreign oil right through the heartland of the United States, most likely on its way to for-eign customers. And it is not just any oil; it is the dirtiest oil you can dream up. 
Building this pipeline and increasing 
the development of tar sands in Canada is the pollution equivalent, according to one study, of putting 4 million new cars on North American roads. But not to worry, say many of the proponents of the bill. Admittedly, many dispute some of those underlying studies. But the real point here is jobs. It is about creating jobs here in the United States. 
This is a sight which is familiar to 
every single American. It is a McDon-ald’s franchise. On average, a McDon-ald’s franchise employs about 30 to 40 people. That is nothing to sneeze at. Thirty to forty people having jobs is a big deal. But the Senate doesn’t nor-mally worry itself with debating the establishment of a new McDonald’s franchise. It is a big deal to a local community, but it is not something that necessarily moves the needle in terms of the national economy. Yet the Keystone Pipeline would create the same number of permanent full-time jobs as the average McDonald’s fran-chise. Yes, it creates construction jobs, and I don’t want to discount the fact that it puts a lot of people to work building the pipeline. But do you know what also puts people to work? Build-ing a new high school. Building a new rail line. Improving our crumbling in-frastructure. That puts a lot of people to work as well. In the end, the added value to the economy of a new school or a new bridge or a new rail line dwarfs that of a pipeline which, with-
out the adoption of the Markey amend-ment to be offered later, will quite pos-sibly just take the oil from one coun-try and send it through the United States to another country—never mind all of the environmental side effects of continuing to develop this oil. 
So I am going to oppose the under-
lying bill, but I am here to support Senator F
RANKEN ’s amendment be-
cause if we are going to approve this pipeline, let’s do everything we can to ensure that even though we are only going to create 40 full-time jobs, that we are creating as many part-time jobs as possible. That is why it makes sense to require that the iron and steel that are going into this pipeline come from America. And we know we need to pass this amendment because Keystone has already promised that half of the steel and half of the iron is going to come from overseas companies. Mr. Presi-dent, 330,000 tons of pipeline is going to come from overseas companies. 
This concept is not new. We do it all 
the time. We just passed the WRDA bill with bipartisan consensus. ‘‘Buy Amer-ican’’ provisions were in there. The American Recovery Act—‘‘Buy Amer-ican’’ provisions were in there. We have had laws on the books for a long time that apply ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions to private companies that are doing business in and around industries regu-lated or funded by the U.S. Govern-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. MURPHY. So this amendment 
will just make sure that at least in the short-term we are going to put a few more Americans to work, even if we are not going to do anything about the rather paltry economic numbers in the long run. 
I am supporting the Franken amend-
ment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it as well. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I would like to make a 
couple of points. One is that in regard to this amendment, to my knowledge, they are talking about situations where a project is publicly funded, funded with taxpayer dollars. In this case, I would point out by way of clos-ing that this is roughly an $8 billion project, but it is privately financed. This isn’t a publicly funded project; it is financed by private companies and, in fact, will create hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue—State, local, and Federal Government level—to provide dollars back to the taxpayers, with ab-solutely no tax increase. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.021 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S260 January 20, 2015 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:43 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. M
CCAIN). 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT— 
Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, par-
liamentary inquiry: I understand we are on the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are 
on the bill. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. I thank the Pre-
siding Officer. 
Mr. President, let me say that I rise 
in general opposition to the Keystone Pipeline, and I rise in favor of Senator M
ARKEY ’s amendment. After long and 
careful deliberation—and after having had the benefit of a hearing on the pipeline in the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee—I have decided to op-pose this bill for four basic reasons. 
First, on the bill, I am deeply con-
cerned that if approved this pipeline will be the first of many pipelines opening one of the largest sources of carbon on Earth to exploitation. 
Second, contrary to what many be-
lieve, I am convinced this pipeline will simply not enhance, help or—in any positive way—improve our energy pro-file. 
Third, in my view, it is completely 
absurd for Congress to take the role of permitting pipelines. It is a role we have never assumed and should not as-sume now. 
Fourth, I believe it is ridiculous that 
our Republican colleagues insist on language banning eminent domain for national parks legislation but oppose it when it comes to foreign or private projects such as Keystone. 
Furthermore, we cannot underesti-
mate the environmental impacts of this pipeline. The facts are clear. The resource in Alberta is enormous; the tar sands formation is the size of Iowa; tar sands oil is 17 percent more green-house gas intensive than other forms of oil because it takes an enormous indus-trial process to extract it. 
It has been estimated that if this re-
source were fully exploited, it would release more carbon dioxide in the air than the United States has emitted in its entire history. 
As James Hansen, one of the fore-
most climate scientists in the world, has said, building the Keystone pipe-line would be ‘‘game over for the plan-et.’’ 
There are also more local risks. Over 
the weekend, landowners are seeing the pipeline spill in the Yellowstone River in Montana. It is happening right now, and landowners are wondering if their family farm will be the victim of a similar spill, wondering if property that has been in their family for gen-erations can still be farmed and passed on to the next generation. 
While some jobs will be created by 
the pipeline, the fact is—after 2 years of construction—it will create only 35 
permanent jobs—35. That is not a lot of jobs. 
If we want to create millions of per-
manent infrastructure jobs, I urge the supporters of the pipeline to support our efforts to increase transportation funding. I urge them to continue incen-tives for clean energy. I ask them to do all they can to help local governments rebuild local infrastructure systems. That is how we create permanent jobs that build our economy and help us keep our competitive advantage. 
By comparison, the number of jobs 
created by Keystone is hardly an argu-ment for passage of this legislation. As you all know, we also have the issue of eminent domain—the power of any gov-ernmental entity to take private prop-erty and convert it to public use sub-ject to reasonable compensation. 
Many, including some of my most 
conservative friends on the other side, were outraged by the idea that eminent domain proceedings could be used to seize private property for private gain. I have been working very closely with Senator C
ANTWELL on an amendment, 
and we agree with our conservative col-leagues that using eminent domain proceedings for private gain is pretty outrageous. Here, on the issue of Key-stone, a foreign-owned company is using eminent domain to seize private property so it can better export Cana-dian oil—a foreign-owned company using eminent domain to seize private property so it can better export Cana-dian oil. The project is not in the pub-lic interest but clearly in the private interest. Senator C
ANTWELL and I feel 
this amendment should be a no- brainer—an easy amendment every Senator can support. 
In recent years Republicans have in-
sisted on similar language prohibiting the use of eminent domain when we es-tablish national parks. If eminent do-main cannot be used to establish a na-tional park in the public interest to conserve our national treasures and preserve America’s beauty for future generations, then surely—surely—it should not be used to benefit private interests; in this case, in the interest of a foreign-owned oil company seeking to ship its product around the world, which brings me to the amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 
We know the oil that will flow 
through this pipeline will flow directly to foreign markets. That is why I sup-port the amendment from the Senator from Massachusetts. Foreign oil is not subject to America’s crude oil export ban, but whether it is shipped as crude or refined here and then exported, we all know this oil is not going to help the American consumers. 
The intent of the Markey amendment 
can be summed up very simply, using an old adage that President Reagan was fond of: ‘‘Trust but verify.’’ 
For months now supporters of the 
Keystone XL Pipeline have been telling us the tar sands that will travel through the United States will help ad-
vance our energy security. They have been telling us the pipeline will bring a 
reliable source of fuel from a close ally and that it will reduce prices at the pump, helping U.S. consumers and businesses. 
The Markey amendment does noth-
ing more than confirm the promises made—time and time again—by sup-porters of the pipeline. It would require the tar sands that travel through the United States stay in the United States. It says that if Americans are to accept all of the downsides of the pipe-line, if U.S. property owners are to have their lands taken away for TransCanada’s benefit, if Americans are forced to live with the risk of an oilspill of dirty tar sands that we do not even know how to clean up prop-erly, then the very least we can do is get a guarantee in law that the United States will reap the benefits that come with all of these risks. 
So all this amendment does is put 
into writing the promises we have heard over and over again from sup-porters of the pipeline. It codifies in law what we previously had to take on faith. 
I thank my colleague from Massachu-
setts for offering the amendment, and I would note he has a long history of working to improve America’s energy security. He and I have worked closely since he came to the Senate to protect the longstanding requirement that U.S.-produced crude oil stay here at home to benefit the U.S. consumer rather than being shipped across the globe. 
This amendment is another common-
sense protection to make sure our Na-tion’s energy policy is aimed at helping consumers rather than helping oil com-panies’ bottom line, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
For the last several Congresses I 
have introduced the American Oil for American Families Act, a bill to ensure that oil or petroleum products that originate within America’s public lands or waters are not exported as crude or in refined form. That bill would in-crease our energy supply at home, low-ering prices for consumers and busi-nesses, and I intend to reintroduce that legislation in this Congress. 
For these reasons, I urge my col-
leagues to support the Markey amend-ment. I intend to vote against the bill, which in my view is nothing more than an earmark for Big Oil. The pipeline will have enormous environmental im-pacts, it will not significantly help the American economy, it will not benefit American consumers, and it will need-lessly harm landowners for genera-tions. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, tonight 
the President of the United States will address the Nation on the state of our Union and talk a little bit about his priorities for the coming year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.022 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S261 January 20, 2015 
I am not sure how much more there 
is for the President to say than has al-ready been leaked in the press in the drip, drip, drip of social media and other stories, but I am concerned he simply did not get the message that was delivered loud and clear on Novem-ber 4 by the American voters. 
Just a couple of months ago they 
sent a message that was loud and it was clear. They are fed up with the way things operate in Washington, DC. They are fed up with the dysfunction, and they are fed up with the lack of real leadership that focuses on their concerns, not Washington’s concerns— concerns such as more money in their pocket. 
I was amused to listen to our good 
friend, our colleague from New Jersey, complaining about additional exports of oil or actually gasoline and other fuel. It is actually the supply, the glut of gasoline onto the global markets that has caused a pay raise for most hard-working, middle-class families. The price of gasoline has plummeted because of the glut of supply. 
But we ought to be focused like a 
laser on how we put more money into the pocketbook of hard-working Amer-ican taxpayers—after years of stagnant jobs and stagnant wages, the stagnant number of jobs for the record number of Americans who have been looking for them. 
So after sending a message loud and 
clear on November 4, what is the Presi-dent’s response? He says more of the same. He is set to announce a $320 bil-lion tax hike and hundreds of billions of dollars in more spending—yes, hun-dreds of billions of dollars more in taxes and hundreds of billions of dol-lars in more Federal spending. Sadly, the President has doubled down on the same agenda which, in his own words, was on the ballot this last fall and was soundly rejected. 
But this agenda and these policies 
are not only wrong for America today, they are certainly wrong for the Amer-ica of our future. Future generations deserve a country that provides them more opportunity than our parents had or than we have. That is called the American dream. But hundreds of bil-lions of dollars in new spending and new taxes—when we already face an $18 trillion debt—well, that makes the American promise one unlikely to be fulfilled. 
The cause of this problem is pretty 
clear: The President remains focused on the priorities in Washington, DC, and not on the priorities of hard-work-ing American taxpayers working from paycheck to paycheck, dealing with rising costs of living when it comes to food and other commodities and who are sorely in need of additional money in their pocket. 
Things clearly need to change. That 
to me was what the voters said on No-vember 4. I think I speak for many Americans and many Texans when I say: Mr. President, enough is enough. The American people expect better, and, more importantly, they deserve 
better. 
Sure, we know there are always 
going to be big challenges, and they are not easy to deal with by any stretch of the imagination. But surely—surely— we can come up with better solutions than more taxes and more spending. This is really doubling down over the last 6 years. One would think that the President, giving the State of the Union now in his seventh year in office, could come up with something a little bit different, particularly after his own party lost nine Senate seats after this referendum on his failed policies that took place on November 4. 
The great news—and there is good 
news—is we do not have to start from scratch. We need to look no further than some of the laboratories of de-mocracy—that is what Louis Brandeis called the State: the laboratories of de-mocracy—to see what actually works. We know what does not work. So let’s look and see what does work. 
We could learn a lot from States such 
as Arizona, where the Presiding Officer is from, and my home State of Texas. We are not perfect, but I think we have learned a few important lessons we could teach to the policymakers in the White House. Many policymakers in Washington seem to have forgotten the secret sauce, the formula, the recipe by which strong, sustainable economic growth that lifts the middle class in Texas and in so many other States across the country—why that is alive and well and why those policies actu-ally work. 
Just last Friday I had the oppor-
tunity to visit Southeast Texas. I was in Beaumont, TX, actually, where the existing gulf coast leg of the Keystone Pipeline is already operating. 
I bet many of my colleagues would be 
amazed to know that we are already transporting Canadian crude from Can-ada all the way across the country, by and large on railcars, to refineries on the gulf coast. The Keystone XL Pipe-line—the legislation that we will be voting on today—will increase the sup-ply, which means more product, and hopefully, that will result in downward pressure on prices for hard-working American taxpayers. 
While the President stood in the way 
of the building of this completed pipe-line and the tens of thousands of jobs it would support, the gulf coast leg of the Keystone Pipeline in Texas is already booming. But they are hungry for more crude feedstock so they can produce more and thereby create more jobs. 
It has been good for communities. I 
talked to the mayor of Beaumont and other communities. I talked to a coun-ty judge. These taxes, which are pro-vided by investment from the Keystone XL Pipeline, not only create good jobs, but the tax base is necessary to edu-cate our kids in K–12 education. They provide the products and services from local businesses that sell goods. In other words, projects such as the Key-stone XL Pipeline is a force multiplier when it comes to our economy and eco-
nomic growth and opportunity, and of course, it has been good for thousands of construction workers who built the pipeline. 
I heard our colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle try to denigrate these construction jobs. They say that they are just temporary jobs. Mr. President, you and I have a temporary job. We are elected for a term of office, and if we are not reelected, it is a temporary job. In effect, every job is a temporary job. But to denigrate these good, high-pay-ing construction jobs, including those performed by welders—in Texas, prop-erly trained welders can make $140,000 to $150,000 a year. Those are good, high- paying jobs, and we ought to respect and encourage them. 
That is just one example of how some 
of the folks at the White House look down their nose at these construction jobs and try to denigrate the economic contribution of projects such as the Keystone XL Pipeline and what they could learn from this project. 
In my State we reduced taxes, cut 
red tape in favor of sensible regula-tions, and encouraged businesses to come to Texas to grow and create jobs. If I heard the story one time, I heard it 100 times. In my State, Governor Perry has contacted people in California and said: Come to Texas, where you are welcome and the cost of doing business is lower and the cost of living is cheap-er. You can actually buy an affordable home for your family. People have voted with their feet and have come where the opportunity is. 
If we add it all up, over the last 6 
years two-thirds of all new net jobs created in the United States of Amer-ica came from just one State, and that is my home State. 
Another thing Washington could 
learn from Texas is how to balance a budget. We actually balance our budget every year. Earlier I mentioned that the President seems to be proud of the fact that the deficit is actually going down. As the Presiding Officer knows, that is the annual difference between what we take in and what we spend. 
What he doesn’t tell you is that we 
are actually adding to the debt every year because we are still spending more money than we are bringing in, and it has now gone up about $8 trillion dur-ing his administration to an unprece-dented $18 trillion national debt. We need to roll up our sleeves, and we in-vite the President to join us and take on the priorities of hard-working American taxpayers in every State across the country. 
We know this is not going to be easy, 
but that is what we volunteered for. I know there are colleagues here in the Senate—Republicans and Democrats alike—who are eager to address the challenges that confront our country— whether it is economic, national secu-rity, or you name it. These are things that need to get done. 
At the end of the day, it doesn’t real-
ly matter what I think the State of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.025 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S262 January 20, 2015 
Union is or, for that matter, it doesn’t 
really matter what the President thinks the State of our Union is. What matters is whether the teacher in Katy, TX, believes his students will have the opportunities he did growing up or whether the single mom waiting tables in Fort Worth can find enough work to feed her family. 
Our Nation is truly strong when its 
people believe it to be, and I hope the President understands that and tries something new rather than the same old failed policies of the past. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ). The Senator from Min-
nesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 
I wish to urge my colleagues to op-
pose any motion to table my amend-ment. My amendment is about making sure that, if we do build the Keystone XL Pipeline, it is built with American iron and steel. Those are jobs. I don’t wish to short-circuit the process here, but if the pipeline is built, it should be built with American steel. 
The Presiding Officer’s State pro-
duces a lot of American steel and very often with iron ore from my State. These are American jobs. 
TransCanada has said that 50 percent 
of the iron and steel will be outsourced from other countries, and the iron and steel for some of the other pipes could come from other countries. They also said they can use those pipes in other projects, including other projects in Canada. 
I agree with Senator C
ORNYN when he 
said these construction jobs that will help build the pipeline are real jobs. Just because they are not permanent jobs does not mean they are not real jobs. Providing the iron and steel and other manufactured products for this project will also provide real jobs. Our amendment will do this entirely and consistently within the language of the bill and within our trade obligations. 
I ask that my colleagues not vote to 
table this amendment because a vote to table this is a vote against Amer-ican jobs. It is a vote against jobs in Ohio and Minnesota. It is a vote against the shippers who ship our iron ore over the Great Lakes or by rail or over the Mississippi so it can be used to make steel. We have done ‘‘Buy Amer-ica’’ legislation before. We just did it in 2013 on the WRDA bill. I ask that my colleagues please not vote against American jobs. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
will take a couple of minutes before we vote to speak to the Franken amend-ment. I think all of us want to buy American and buy local whenever and wherever we can. We strongly support that since it does mean jobs—whether we are talking about a pipeline or oth-erwise. But I think the bigger question 
here—and what we have in front of us with the Keystone XL Pipeline—is what this amendment would do. This amendment would mandate specific materials for the Keystone XL pipe-line, and I think we need to put this into context. This pipeline is a private project. This is not a federally funded infrastructure project. This would be the first time that Congress has di-rected or forced private parties to pur-chase domestic goods and materials. 
We actually asked the Congressional 
Research Service to look into this to see if there was any other instance at the Federal level where private parties were told that they must purchase 100- percent domestic goods and materials, and so far the answer to that inquiry has been that they can find no instance of that. 
I think we need to be careful about 
this as a precedent because if we are going to direct this particular project— the Keystone XL—to have this require-ment on it, where do we go next? What will happen to the next project that we have? Will it be the next pipeline or the next renewable energy project? Where does this slippery slope go? 
I think it is fair to note that Trans-
Canada has made a commitment to have 75 percent of the pipes for this project come from North America, and fully half of that—more than 332,000 tons of steel will come from the State of Arkansas. 
I am with the Senator from Min-
nesota. We want to make sure we get as many jobs as we absolutely can and make sure they are good-paying jobs— whether it is in steel making or widget making or welders. This is about jobs. This is what we want to do to encour-age jobs. I think we need to be very cognizant of what this particular amendment would do. This amend-ment—for the first time ever—would direct a private entity to utilize all American-made products throughout the process of the construction. 
It is important to note that the 
American Iron and Steel Institute has been a strong supporter of the Key-stone XL Pipeline. We have all received a letter—they called it a Steelgram— from the American Iron and Steel In-stitute. They let us know very clearly and in no uncertain terms that they support Keystone XL. They said it is essential that Congress act to ensure the approval of the Keystone XL Pipe-line without further delay. Again, I agree. 
We need to get moving on it. We need 
to do it without delay. I do think it is interesting to note that the amend-ment does allow for the President to waive the requirements for American materials based on certain findings he can make. I appreciate that is in there, and I think that is good. But think about where we are. It has been 3,200- and-some-odd days now where we have been waiting for the President to act to make a decision on the Keystone XL Pipeline. So I don’t have any real con-fidence that he will move to act quick-
ly on any kind of a waiver require-ment. 
I just wanted to put that out there 
before we moved to take up the amend-ments that we have pending before us this afternoon and note that we will be doing that in a few short minutes. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I have 
the greatest respect for the Senator from Alaska. I wish to say a few things about this private company. This com-
pany is asking us to do an extraor-dinary thing. We are debating this on the floor because they are asking us to circumvent the environmental and safety process here and possibly expose the United States—and the path of this pipeline—to tremendous environmental damage. This is very different. 
The Senator asked: Why won’t this 
extend to every private enterprise? This is something we are here debating and voting on, and that should say something about the nature of this issue. 
The United Steelworkers have en-
dorsed my amendment. This is about American jobs. The question is: If we do build this pipeline, should it be built with American steel or should it be built with steel from other countries? 
Again, in the bill, we make sure this 
is compliant with our trade obliga-tions. There is nothing to stop us from doing this. This is a private foreign company that is asking us to cir-cumvent our normal processes, and be-cause of that, I feel we have the right to say this should be made with Amer-ican steel and with jobs in the State of Ohio and in the State of Minnesota— American jobs. If this is about Amer-ican jobs, let’s make it about American jobs. 
Again, this is a company that is ask-
ing us to circumvent our normal proc-esses. So all I will say is that Trans-Canada has said the pipes that have been made for this can be used in other projects in Canada. 
If we are going to build this project, 
let’s make it about American jobs. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise 
today to talk about jobs—especially jobs in the U.S. steel industry. 
This November I went to a ceremony 
at Sparrows Point a former steel plant in Maryland. It was a bittersweet day. I was there to honor the legacy of Bethlehem Steel and all of the Steel-workers in Baltimore. 
The site is being demolished but 
Sparrows Point has over 3,000 acres of land, access to ports, rails, and roads to attract companies to create jobs today and tomorrow. 
We don’t have steel in Maryland any-
more. Many of us still mourn its loss. But we still have steel in America and I am still for steel. 
If this Keystone bill is really a jobs 
bill, then let us put some made-in- America jobs in it and show our sup-port for American steel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.026 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S263 January 20, 2015 
For over a hundred years, workers at 
Sparrows Point produced the steel that built America. Members of my own family worked at this steel mill. My fa-ther would open the doors to his gro-cery store early so that Bethlehem Steel workers could pick up their lunch on their way to work. 
America’s steel and steelworkers pro-
tect the United States and our free-dom. At Sparrows Point, they rolled gun barrels, made steel for grenades, shells and landing craft during World War II. 
God help us all if America stops mak-
ing steel. During times of war—will we depend on foreign steel to build our ships, aircraft carriers and weapons? 
American steelworkers work hard, 
play by the rules and serve their coun-try. In war: building ships, tanks and weapons. In peace: making steel for our buildings and cars. 
Yet for over 50 years, the steel indus-
try withered—not because steel was unproductive or overpriced. The steel industry withered in America because Congress didn’t do everything possible to protect American steel from factors in the international steel market, raw material costs, slumping demand, low steels prices, and a global recession. The government looked the other way when foreign imports began to drive down our prices and drive down our steel mills. 
Our government singles out specific 
industries all the time when it is in our national interest. We single out spe-cific industries and then talk about their value to America. I agree with that. 
We single out industries when it is in 
our national interest because we need them as part of our economy or as part of our national production. 
Helping the farmers or the airlines 
because of the national interest means national responsibility. In 2008, we bailed out the banks and we bailed out the auto industry for stability, secu-rity, and American independence. Where is the help for the steel industry and the steelworkers? 
I have fought for steel in the past. 
Now I am fighting for steel again. I fought so hard year after year to pro-tect the lives and livelihoods in Balti-more, in Dundalk. 
I have fought for more than 25 years 
to reverse this tide against American manufacturing and against American steel. I am going to keep on fighting. 
I fought to keep Sparrows Point 
open. And when that wasn’t possible, I fought for a safety net for workers Trade Adjustment Assistance, unem-ployment insurance and health care benefits. 
I think about Maryland steelworkers 
every day—what they are going through these past few years have been tough on workers, their families, and the community. 
I am supporting an amendment that 
protects American steel like steel has protected us. It is simple. Let us put American workers back to work in good, solid steel jobs, by requiring that 
the pipeline’s construction, connection, operation, and maintenance all be done with made-in-America, U.S. steel. 
Let us get to work for American 
workers and let us put the jobs in this jobs bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3, AS MODIFIED  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Portman amendment No. 3 be modified with the changes that are at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
DIVISION B—ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
IMPROVEMENT 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy 
Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE I—BETTER BUILDINGS 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Better 
Buildings Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN FEDERAL AND 
OTHER BUILDINGS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. 
(2) C
OST-EFFECTIVE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective energy 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides energy savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(3) C
OST-EFFECTIVE WATER EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective water 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides water savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(b) M
ODEL PROVISIONS , POLICIES , ANDBEST 
PRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy and after providing the pub-lic with an opportunity for notice and com-ment, shall develop model commercial leas-ing provisions and best practices in accord-ance with this subsection. 
(2) C
OMMERCIAL LEASING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The model commercial 
leasing provisions developed under this sub-section shall, at a minimum, align the inter-ests of building owners and tenants with re-gard to investments in cost-effective energy efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures to encourage building owners and tenants to collaborate to invest in such measures. 
(B) U
SE OF MODEL PROVISIONS .—The Admin-
istrator may use the model commercial leas-ing provisions developed under this sub-section in any standard leasing document that designates a Federal agency (or other client of the Administrator) as a landlord or tenant. 
(C) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator shall 
periodically publish the model commercial leasing provisions developed under this sub-section, along with explanatory materials, to encourage building owners and tenants in the private sector to use such provisions and 
materials. 
(3) R
EALTY SERVICES .—The Administrator 
shall develop policies and practices to imple-ment cost-effective energy efficiency meas-ures and cost-effective water efficiency measures for the realty services provided by the Administrator to Federal agencies (or other clients of the Administrator), includ-ing periodic training of appropriate Federal employees and contractors on how to iden-tify and evaluate those measures. 
(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL ASSISTANCE .—The Ad-
ministrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy, shall make available model 
commercial leasing provisions and best prac-tices developed under this subsection to State, county, and municipal governments for use in managing owned and leased build-ing space in accordance with the goal of en-couraging investment in all cost-effective energy efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures. 
SEC. 103. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 424. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ means a tech-nology, product, or practice that will result in substantial operational cost savings by re-ducing energy consumption and utility costs. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ means areas within a commercial building that are leased or otherwise occu-pied by a tenant or other occupant for a pe-riod of time pursuant to the terms of a writ-ten agreement. 
‘‘(b) S
TUDY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, shall complete a study on the feasibility of— 
‘‘(A) significantly improving energy effi-
ciency in commercial buildings through the design and construction, by owners and ten-ants, of separate spaces with high-perform-ance energy efficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) encouraging owners and tenants to 
implement high-performance energy effi-ciency measures in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE.—The study shall, at a min-
imum, include— 
‘‘(A) descriptions of— ‘‘(i) high-performance energy efficiency 
measures that should be considered as part of the initial design and construction of sep-arate spaces; 
‘‘(ii) processes that owners, tenants, archi-
tects, and engineers may replicate when de-signing and constructing separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency measures; 
‘‘(iii) policies and best practices to achieve 
reductions in energy intensities for lighting, plug loads, heating, cooling, cooking, laun-dry, and other systems to satisfy the needs of the commercial building tenant; 
‘‘(iv) return on investment and payback 
analyses of the incremental cost and pro-jected energy savings of the proposed set of high-performance energy efficiency meas-ures, including consideration of available in-centives; 
‘‘(v) models and simulation methods that 
predict the quantity of energy used by sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures and that compare that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.050 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S264 January 20, 2015 
predicted quantity to the quantity of energy 
used by separate spaces without high-per-formance energy efficiency measures but that otherwise comply with applicable build-ing code requirements; 
‘‘(vi) measurement and verification plat-
forms demonstrating actual energy use of high-performance energy efficiency measures installed in separate spaces, and whether such measures generate the savings intended in the initial design and construction of the separate spaces; 
‘‘(vii) best practices that encourage an in-
tegrated approach to designing and con-structing separate spaces to perform at opti-mum energy efficiency in conjunction with the central systems of a commercial build-ing; and 
‘‘(viii) any impact on employment result-
ing from the design and construction of sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) case studies reporting economic and 
energy savings returns in the design and con-struction of separate spaces with high-per-formance energy efficiency measures. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register requesting public comments regarding effective meth-ods, measures, and practices for the design and construction of separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency meas-ures. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
publish the study on the website of the De-partment of Energy.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 423 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 424. Separate spaces with high-per-
formance energy efficiency measures.’’. 
SEC. 104. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) (as amended by section 103) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 425. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(b) T
ENANT STAR.—The Administrator of 
the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall develop a voluntary program within the Energy Star program established by sec-tion 324A of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a), which may be known as ‘Tenant Star’, to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by ten-ants or otherwise occupied within commer-cial buildings. 
‘‘(c) E
XPANDING SURVEY DATA.—The Sec-
retary of Energy, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Energy Information Adminis-tration, shall— 
‘‘(1) collect, through each Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey of the Energy Information Administration that is conducted after the date of enactment of this section, data on— 
‘‘(A) categories of building occupancy that 
are known to consume significant quantities of energy, such as occupancy by data cen-ters, trading floors, and restaurants; and 
‘‘(B) other aspects of the property, building 
operation, or building occupancy determined by the Administrator of the Energy Informa-
tion Administration, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to be relevant in low-ering energy consumption; 
‘‘(2) with respect to the first Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey con-ducted after the date of enactment of this section, to the extent full compliance with the requirements of paragraph (1) is not fea-sible, conduct activities to develop the capa-bility to collect such data and begin to col-lect such data; and 
‘‘(3) make data collected under paragraphs 
(1) and (2) available to the public in aggre-gated form and provide such data, and any associated results, to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for use in accordance with subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) R
ECOGNITION OF OWNERS AND TEN-
ANTS .— 
‘‘(1) O CCUPANCY -BASED RECOGNITION .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date on which suf-ficient data is received pursuant to sub-section (c), the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency shall, fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment— 
‘‘(A) in a manner similar to the Energy 
Star rating system for commercial buildings, develop policies and procedures to recognize tenants in commercial buildings that volun-tarily achieve high levels of energy effi-ciency in separate spaces; 
‘‘(B) establish building occupancy cat-
egories eligible for Tenant Star recognition based on the data collected under subsection (c) and any other appropriate data sources; and 
‘‘(C) consider other forms of recognition 
for commercial building tenants or other oc-cupants that lower energy consumption in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGN - AND CONSTRUCTION -BASED REC -
OGNITION .—After the study required by sec-
tion 424(b) is completed, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary and fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment, may develop a voluntary program to recognize commercial building owners and tenants that use high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures in the design and con-struction of separate spaces.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 424 (as added by section 103(b)) the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 425. Tenant Star program.’’. 
TITLE II—GRID-ENABLED WATER 
HEATERS 
SEC. 201. GRID-ENABLED WATER HEATERS. 
Part B of title III of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act is amended— 
(1) in section 325(e) (42 U.S.C. 6295(e)), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) A DDITIONAL STANDARDS FOR GRID -EN-
ABLED WATER HEATERS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) A CTIVATION LOCK .—The term ‘activa-
tion lock’ means a control mechanism (ei-ther a physical device directly on the water heater or a control system integrated into the water heater) that is locked by default and contains a physical, software, or digital communication that must be activated with an activation key to enable the product to operate at its designed specifications and ca-pabilities and without which activation the product will provide not greater than 50 per-cent of the rated first hour delivery of hot water certified by the manufacturer. 
‘‘(ii) G
RID-ENABLED WATER HEATER .—The 
term ‘grid-enabled water heater’ means an electric resistance water heater that— ‘‘(I) has a rated storage tank volume of 
more than 75 gallons; 
‘‘(II) is manufactured on or after April 16, 
2015; 
‘‘(III) has— ‘‘(aa) an energy factor of not less than 1.061 
minus the product obtained by multiplying— 
‘‘(AA) the rated storage volume of the 
tank, expressed in gallons; and 
‘‘(BB) 0.00168; or ‘‘(bb) an equivalent alternative standard 
prescribed by the Secretary and developed pursuant to paragraph (5)(E); 
‘‘(IV) is equipped at the point of manufac-
ture with an activation lock; and 
‘‘(V) bears a permanent label applied by 
the manufacturer that— 
‘‘(aa) is made of material not adversely af-
fected by water; 
‘‘(bb) is attached by means of non-water- 
soluble adhesive; and 
‘‘(cc) advises purchasers and end-users of 
the intended and appropriate use of the prod-uct with the following notice printed in 16.5 point Arial Narrow Bold font: 
‘‘‘IMPORTANT INFORMATION: This water 
heater is intended only for use as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program. It will not provide adequate hot water unless enrolled in such a program and activated by your utility company or an-other program operator. Confirm the avail-ability of a program in your local area before purchasing or installing this product.’. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The manufacturer or 
private labeler shall provide the activation key for a grid-enabled water heater only to a utility or other company that operates an electric thermal storage or demand response program that uses such a grid-enabled water heater. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) M ANUFACTURERS .—The Secretary shall 
require each manufacturer of grid-enabled water heaters to report to the Secretary an-nually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters that the manufacturer ships each year. 
‘‘(ii) O
PERATORS .—The Secretary shall re-
quire utilities and other demand response and thermal storage program operators to report annually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters activated for their programs using forms of the Energy Information Agen-cy or using such other mechanism that the Secretary determines appropriate after an opportunity for notice and comment. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONFIDENTIALITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
The Secretary shall treat shipment data re-ported by manufacturers as confidential business information. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In 2017 and 2019, the Sec-
retary shall publish an analysis of the data collected under subparagraph (C) to assess the extent to which shipped products are put into use in demand response and thermal storage programs. 
‘‘(ii) P
REVENTION OF PRODUCT DIVERSION .—If 
the Secretary determines that sales of grid- enabled water heaters exceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products ac-tivated for use in demand response and ther-mal storage programs annually, the Sec-retary shall, after opportunity for notice and comment, establish procedures to prevent product diversion for non-program purposes. 
‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) shall remain in effect until the Secretary determines under this section that— 
‘‘(I) grid-enabled water heaters do not re-
quire a separate efficiency requirement; or 
‘‘(II) sales of grid-enabled water heaters ex-
ceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products activated for use in demand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.001 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S265 January 20, 2015 
response and thermal storage programs an-
nually and procedures to prevent product di-version for non-program purposes would not be adequate to prevent such product diver-sion. 
‘‘(ii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—If the Secretary ex-
ercises the authority described in clause (i) or amends the efficiency requirement for grid-enabled water heaters, that action will take effect on the date described in sub-section (m)(4)(A)(ii). 
‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION .—In carrying out this 
section with respect to electric water heat-ers, the Secretary shall consider the impact on thermal storage and demand response programs, including any impact on energy savings, electric bills, peak load reduction, electric reliability, integration of renewable resources, and the environment. 
‘‘(iv) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this 
paragraph, the Secretary shall require that grid-enabled water heaters be equipped with communication capability to enable the grid-enabled water heaters to participate in ancillary services programs if the Secretary determines that the technology is available, practical, and cost-effective.’’; 
(2) in section 332(a) (42 U.S.C. 6302(a))— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in the first paragraph (6), by striking 
the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; 
(C) by redesignating the second paragraph 
(6) as paragraph (7); 
(D) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (7) (as 
so redesignated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) for any person— ‘‘(A) to activate an activation lock for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; 
‘‘(B) to distribute an activation key for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such activation key will be used to acti-vate a grid-enabled water heater that is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program; 
‘‘(C) to otherwise enable a grid-enabled 
water heater to operate at its designed speci-fication and capabilities with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; or 
‘‘(D) to knowingly remove or render illegi-
ble the label of a grid-enabled water heater described in section 325(e)(6)(A)(ii)(V).’’; 
(3) in section 333(a) (42 U.S.C. 6303(a))— (A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (5) of 
section 332(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), (5), (6), (7), or (8) of section 332(a)’’; and 
(4) in section 334 (42 U.S.C. 6304)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(6)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 332(a)(7)’’. 
TITLE III—ENERGY INFORMATION FOR 
COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS 
SEC. 301. ENERGY INFORMATION FOR COMMER-
CIAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT OF BENCHMARKING AND  
DISCLOSURE FOR LEASING BUILDINGS WITHOUT  
ENERGY STAR LABELS .—Section 435(b)(2) of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17091(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘signing the contract,’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘signing the contract, the following require-
ments are met: 
‘‘(A) The space is renovated for all energy 
efficiency and conservation improvements that would be cost effective over the life of the lease, including improvements in light-ing, windows, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems. 
‘‘(B)(i) Subject to clause (ii), the space is 
benchmarked under a nationally recognized, online, free benchmarking program, with public disclosure, unless the space is a space for which owners cannot access whole build-ing utility consumption data, including spaces— 
‘‘(I) that are located in States with privacy 
laws that provide that utilities shall not pro-vide such aggregated information to multi-tenant building owners; and 
‘‘(II) for which tenants do not provide en-
ergy consumption information to the com-mercial building owner in response to a re-quest from the building owner. 
‘‘(ii) A Federal agency that is a tenant of 
the space shall provide to the building owner, or authorize the owner to obtain from the utility, the energy consumption informa-tion of the space for the benchmarking and disclosure required by this subparagraph.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall complete a study— 
(A) on the impact of— (i) State and local performance 
benchmarking and disclosure policies, and any associated building efficiency policies, for commercial and multifamily buildings; and 
(ii) programs and systems in which utili-
ties provide aggregated information regard-ing whole building energy consumption and usage information to owners of multitenant commercial, residential, and mixed-use buildings; 
(B) that identifies best practice policy ap-
proaches studied under subparagraph (A) that have resulted in the greatest improve-ments in building energy efficiency; and 
(C) that considers— (i) compliance rates and the benefits and 
costs of the policies and programs on build-
ing owners, utilities, tenants, and other par-ties; 
(ii) utility practices, programs, and sys-
tems that provide aggregated energy con-sumption information to multitenant build-ing owners, and the impact of public utility commissions and State privacy laws on those practices, programs, and systems; 
(iii) exceptions to compliance in existing 
laws where building owners are not able to gather or access whole building energy infor-mation from tenants or utilities; 
(iv) the treatment of buildings with— (I) multiple uses; (II) uses for which baseline information is 
not available; and 
(III) uses that require high levels of energy 
intensities, such as data centers, trading floors, and televisions studios; 
(v) implementation practices, including 
disclosure methods and phase-in of compli-ance; 
(vi) the safety and security of 
benchmarking tools offered by government agencies, and the resiliency of those tools against cyber attacks; and 
(vii) international experiences with regard 
to building benchmarking and disclosure laws and data aggregation for multitenant buildings. 
(2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—At the con-
clusion of the study, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources 
of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
(c) C
REATION AND MAINTENANCE OF DATA-
BASE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act and following opportunity for public notice and comment, the Secretary of Energy, in co-ordination with other relevant agencies, shall maintain, and if necessary create, a database for the purpose of storing and mak-ing available public energy-related informa-tion on commercial and multifamily build-ings, including— 
(A) data provided under Federal, State, 
local, and other laws or programs regarding building benchmarking and energy informa-tion disclosure; 
(B) information on buildings that have dis-
closed energy ratings and certifications; and 
(C) energy-related information on build-
ings provided voluntarily by the owners of the buildings, only in an anonymous form unless the owner provides otherwise. 
(2) C
OMPLEMENTARY PROGRAMS .—The data-
base maintained pursuant to paragraph (1) shall complement and not duplicate the functions of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Energy Star Portfolio Manager tool. 
(d) I
NPUT FROM STAKEHOLDERS .—The Sec-
retary of Energy shall seek input from stakeholders to maximize the effectiveness of the actions taken under this section. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the progress made in complying with this sec-tion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, at 
this time I call for regular order with respect to Markey amendment No. 13. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to table the Markey amendment and ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be recognized for 1 minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? There is a unanimous con-sent request. Is there objection? 
The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
have a parliamentary inquiry. 
Is there a request from the Senator 
from Massachusetts to speak to this amendment for 1 minute? What is the request? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He asked 
unanimous consent to speak for 1 minute. 
Mr. MARKEY. To this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Massachusetts is 
recognized. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, this is 
a motion to table the Markey amend-ment, which is an amendment to have every Member of the Senate be put on record as to whether or not the oil coming through the Keystone Pipeline 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.001 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S266 January 20, 2015 
is then exported out of the United 
States. Each Member of the Senate should be recorded on that issue. 
We import 5 million barrels of oil per 
day into the United States. We should not allow the Canadians to use the United States as a straw to be able to then go down to the Gulf of Mexico and send that oil out of the country. We ex-port young men and women over to the Middle East in order to protect oil coming in from Saudi Arabia and Ku-wait. This is a chance to keep oil in America so we don’t have to export it. 
I do not believe the appropriate vote 
for Members is to support a tabling of the Markey amendment so that we don’t actually reach the heart of this substantive issue, which is that we should be working to have energy inde-pendence in America. When we are im-porting 5 million barrels of oil a day from Russia, Saudi Arabia, and Ku-wait, we are in no way independent. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
opportunity to speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The yeas and nays have previously 
been ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 57, 
nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 4 Leg.] 
YEAS—57 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Reid 
The motion was agreed to. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. WICKER. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 17 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I now move to 
table the Franken amendment, No. 17, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 53, 
nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 5 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—46 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
Reid 
The motion was agreed to. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. BURR. I move to lay that motion 
on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3, AS MODIFIED  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Senator S
HAHEEN be recognized to speak for 1 
minute and that Senator P ORTMAN be 
recognized to speak for 1 minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I join 
my colleague Senator P
ORTMAN from 
Ohio in a bipartisan amendment on en-ergy efficiency. This is a very short 
version that passed overwhelmingly in the House last year. It doesn’t pick fa-vorites in terms of fuel sources, and it is good for every region of the country. This is something we all ought to be able to get behind. I am very pleased and hope we get a very strong vote in the Senate. 
I am pleased to support this amend-
ment, and I thank my colleague from Ohio, Senator P
ORTMAN , for his leader-
ship. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. The Senator from 
New Hampshire said it well. This is a no-brainer. It is three relatively small provisions, one of which is very timely with regard to water heaters, about which we are very concerned. I ask that we move on this amendment in a bipartisan way. It has already passed the House, so it shouldn’t be controver-sial over there either. We hope we will be able to bring the larger legislation to the floor in the future, but this is a good downpayment. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I know of no fur-
ther debate on the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment, as modified. 
Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 94, 
nays 5, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 6 Leg.] 
YEAS—94 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.031 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S267 January 20, 2015 
NAYS—5 
Cruz 
Lankford Lee 
Paul Sasse 
NOT VOTING—1 
Reid 
The amendment (No. 3), as modified, 
was agreed to. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mrs. FISCHER. I move to lay that 
motion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we 
have disposed of three pending amend-ments that were before us. As we men-tioned earlier, we are looking forward to Members coming down to the floor to offer their amendments. We have agreed to a process here this afternoon. 
Today will be a somewhat truncated 
day on the Senate floor because of the State of the Union Address, but it is our hope that we will be able to get three amendments pending on our side and three amendments pending on the Democrats’ side. 
The Senator from Nebraska, Mrs. 
F
ISCHER , is prepared to speak to her 
amendment, and then we will move to the other side of the aisle. After that, I will be calling up an amendment from Senator L
EE. We will then go to the 
Democratic side and come back here for a third round. 
Just to give Members an idea of what 
we will have in front of us, we will not be having votes on these amendments today, but I do think it should be clear to Members that we will be looking for-ward to doing a similar series of votes tomorrow. So I would encourage folks to come to the floor, talk to us, and let’s get this process moving. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield to 
the Senator from Nebraska. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nebraska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I call 
up my amendment No. 18. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Nebraska [Mrs. F ISCHER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 18 to amendment No. 2. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide limits on the 
designation of new federally protected land) 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. ll. LIMITATION ON DESIGNATION OF NEW 
FEDERALLY PROTECTED LAND. 
(a) D EFINITION OF FEDERALLY PROTECTED  
LAND.—In this section, the term ‘‘federally 
protected land’’ means any area designated or acquired by the Federal Government for the purpose of conserving historic, cultural, environmental, scenic, recreational, develop-mental, or biological resources. 
(b) F
INDINGS REQUIRED .—New federally pro-
tected land shall not be designated unless the Secretary, prior to the designation, pub-
lishes in the Federal Register— 
(1) a finding that the addition of the new 
federally protected land would not have a negative impact on the administration of ex-isting federally protected land; and 
(2) a finding that, as of the date of the find-
ing, sufficient resources are available to ef-fectively implement management plans for existing units of federally protected land. 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, this 
amendment would create limitations for new Federal land designations to ensure responsible management of our natural resources. These limitations are modeled on those in the National Marine Sanctuaries Act, which author-izes the protection of national marine sanctuaries. Under the act, the Com-merce Secretary cannot designate a new sanctuary unless the Secretary publishes a finding that, No. 1, the ad-dition of a new sanctuary will not have a negative impact on the overall sys-tem, and No. 2, sufficient resources were available in the fiscal year in which the finding is made to effec-tively implement management plans for each sanctuary in the system. 
These are commonsense limitations 
that ensure the administration will not add more land to the Federal system without considering the impacts to the overall system and without sufficient funds to manage those resources effec-tively. At a time when the national park system has a $13 billion mainte-nance backlog, we need to consider the impacts to the overall system and whether there are sufficient resources to effectively manage additional land holdings. 
In the context of energy policy, we 
should also consider our stewardship choices. American energy production on private and State-owned lands has increased significantly in recent years while decreasing on Federal lands. Through leasing restrictions and per-mitting delays, the Obama administra-tion has tied up energy production on Federal lands in redtape. Since 2009 oil production on Federal lands is down by 6 percent, and natural gas production on Federal lands is down 28 percent. Meanwhile, oil production on non-Fed-eral land has risen by 61 percent, and natural gas production on non-Federal land is up by 33 percent. 
By limiting Federal land designa-
tions, more land should continue to be held privately or managed by States and local governments, increasing the opportunity for productive and bene-ficial use. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, as 
we go back and forth on offering amendments, I wish to turn to the Sen-ator from Hawaii for him to offer his amendment. 
Mr. SCHATZ. I thank the Senator 
from Washington. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. AMENDMENT NO . 58 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 58. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Hawaii [Mr. S CHATZ ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 58 to amend-ment No. 2. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
regarding climate change) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The environmental analysis 
contained in the Final Supplemental Envi-ronmental Impact Statement referred to in section 2(a) and deemed to satisfy the re-quirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) as described in section 2(a), states that— 
(1) ‘‘[W]arming of the climate system is 
unequivocal and each of the last [3] decades has been successively warmer at the Earth’s surface than any preceding decade since 1850.’’; 
(2) ‘‘The [Intergovernmental Panel on Cli-
mate Change], in addition to other institu-tions, such as the National Research Council and the United States (U.S.) Global Change Research Program (USGCRP), have con-cluded that it is extremely likely that global increases in atmospheric [greenhouse gas] concentrations and global temperatures are caused by human activities.’’; and 
(3) ‘‘A warmer planet causes large-scale 
changes that reverberate throughout the cli-mate system of the Earth, including higher sea levels, changes in precipitation, and al-tered weather patterns (e.g. an increase in more extreme weather events).’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Consistent with 
the findings under subsection (a), it is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) climate change is real; and (2) human activity significantly contrib-
utes to climate change. 
Mr. SCHATZ. This amendment af-
firms something very simple; that is, climate change is real and human ac-tivities significantly contribute to cli-mate change. It also states that a warmer planet causes large-scale changes, including higher sea levels, changes in precipitation, and altered weather patterns, such as increases in more extreme weather events. 
This amendment cites for its evi-
dence the findings of national and international scientific institutions, including the IPCC, the National Re-search Council, and the U.S. Global Change Research Program. All of these organizations are cited and quoted in the State Department’s final supple-mental environmental impact state-ment on Keystone XL Pipeline. This is the same environmental review docu-ment that plays a prominent role in the text of the underlying bill, S. 1, and the substitute amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.004 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S268 January 20, 2015 
The purpose of this amendment is 
simply to acknowledge and restate a set of observable facts. It is not in-tended to place a value judgment on those facts or to suggest a specific course of action in response to those facts. It is just a set of facts derived from decades of careful study of our land, air, and water. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up Senator L
EE’s amendment No. 33. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ], for Mr. L EE, proposes an amend-
ment numbered 33 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To conform citizen suits under the 
Endangered Species Act of 1973) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . AWARD OF LITIGATION COSTS TO 
PREVAILING PARTIES IN ACCORD-ANCE WITH EXISTING LAW. 
Section 11(g)(4) of the Endangered Species 
Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1540(g)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘to any’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and insert-ing ‘‘to any prevailing party in accordance with section 2412 of title 28, United States Code.’’. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Very briefly on 
Senator L EE’s amendment—he will be 
here to speak to it—this is a measure which would ensure that the rate of legal fees that are paid in Endangered Species Act cases would be consistent with those in other cases that are eligi-ble for lawyer’s fee compensation. Right now there is no cap on the hour-ly rate lawyers can be paid in connec-tion with lawsuits that are brought re-garding violations under the ESA. So this amendment would standardize the award of attorney’s fees to parties pre-vailing against the Federal Govern-ment by applying a $125-an-hour rate cap under the Equal Access to Justice Act requirement. This applies to small business-related claims, among other things, and this would apply the same standard to ESA cases. 
This is a measure Senator L
EEwill 
come to the floor to speak to further, but I would just give a little preview of that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I would like to call 
on the Senator from Illinois to offer his amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up amend-
ment No. 69. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. D URBIN ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 69 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure that the storage and 
transportation of petroleum coke is regu-lated in a manner that ensures the protec-tion of public and ecological health) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REGULATION OF TRANSPORTATION 
AND STORAGE OF PETROLEUM COKE. 
This Act shall not take effect prior to the 
date that— 
(1) the Administrator of the Environ-
mental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, pro-mulgates rules concerning the storage and transportation of petroleum coke that en-sure the protection of public and ecological health; and 
(2) petroleum coke is no longer exempt 
from regulation under section 101(14) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601(14)), which may be established ei-ther by an Act of Congress or any regula-tions, rules, or guidance issued by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, about 1 
year ago I was invited to go to the southeast part of the city of Chicago. It is an area that used to be populated by steel mills and now there are a lot of struggling families. The manufac-turing jobs were not replaced. 
These are hard-working people— 
many are Mexican-American people. They sustain what you might expect— great parishes and churches and a great spirit among them, but now they are in a constant struggle. They live in a part of Chicago that has seen better days. They are doing their darndest for their families. 
They invited me to see something. 
They wanted me to see what they were living next door to. I went down to that part of the city of Chicago—within the boundaries of the city of Chicago—and I could not believe what I saw. They live in little houses such as these, and across from them is a mountainous gathering of something called petcoke. 
What is petcoke? If you take the Ca-
nadian tar sands that will move through the Keystone XL Pipeline to a refinery and put them through a proc-ess where you can end up with a viable product, such as gasoline, jet fuel, die-sel fuel or whatever it might be, you have to clean out all of this petcoke that creates the tar sands composition that they are dealing with. 
When it is all over with—and if the 
process has been successful—there is a lot of waste. In fact, there are 61 
pounds of petcoke for every barrel of oil. Keep in mind that the Senator who is sponsoring the underlying legisla-tion—we are dealing with moving hun-dreds of thousands of barrels a day through this pipeline. 
Now take every one of those barrels 
and have 61 pounds of petcoke left over as a result of the refining process. What happens to it? This is what hap-pened to it in Chicago. It was dumped in the neighborhood. 
The people invited me to come to 
their homes, and I did. I walked into this woman’s home, and she said: I have sealed the windows. I taped them shut because this black, sooty petcoke blows through my windows night and day. I cannot stop it. Is it something to worry about? 
It turns out that the petcoke is not a 
benign material. We are not talking about dust in the air. We are talking about a composition that includes—ac-cording to those who have taken a close look at it—heavy metals. Would you want your baby in your home—or my home or my grandchildren—breath-ing in this filthy, petcoke-infested dust night and day? They are not making it up. They showed me the window sills, and you could see the black, sooty petcoke. 
I will tell you the details of the 
story. The environmental review for the project of Keystone XL notes that communities throughout the Midwest have noticed large piles of petroleum coke—or petcoke—building up as more and more tar sands are processed. 
This picture tells a story. This is 
near a body of water which is carrying this petcoke on the water. These poor folks deal with it as it blows through the air. 
This type of crude oil is carried by 
the Keystone XL Pipeline, a pipeline which the Republican majority has de-cided is their No. 1 priority in the Sen-ate. Under the new Republican major-ity it is S. 1. This pipeline, on behalf of a Canadian company, TransCanada, is the topic we are facing. 
We just had a vote and unfortunately 
could not prevail with the notion that at least the oil that comes out of the pipeline ought to be for the benefit of American consumers. We lost that vote. I think the vote was 57 to 42. It was tabled. 
Let’s talk about the actual process 
itself. According to the EPA—as I men-tioned, the environmental impact statement—every barrel of tar sands contains 61 pounds of petcoke. That means the Keystone XL Pipeline alone will produce 15,400 metric tons of petcoke every day—15,400 metric tons of petcoke every day. Would you like to live next door to that? That is what is happening in the city of Chicago, but it not the only one. 
This petcoke comes from the BP, 
British Petroleum, refinery in Whiting, IN. It is on the very southern tip of Lake Michigan. We can see it from the city of Chicago. They went through a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.038 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S269 January 20, 2015 
$4 billion upgrade and put in new 
equipment so they could start proc-essing the Canadian tar sands which will come down through the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
Soon after they started this proc-
essing with $4 billion of new equip-ment, the people living in this part of Chicago looked out their windows to see the massive piles of petcoke build-ing up, and as a consequence they got worried. They are worried for their children. On windy days—it is, in fact, the ‘‘Windy City’’—black clouds of this dust blow from piles into this working- class neighborhood. 
It always seems to be the case, 
doesn’t it? If somebody tried to put this on the North Shore of Chicago, they would scream bloody murder. But the company that owns this petcoke put it outside a poor neighborhood—a working-class neighborhood in Chi-cago. The petcoke dust settles on win-dow sills and porches. 
I met the kids running outside. They are producing 6,000 tons of 
petcoke every single day at the British Petroleum refinery in Whiting, IN— 6,000 tons a day. At that rate the plant only has room to store a few days’ worth of production onsite. So they ended up selling the petcoke to a com-pany called KCBX. It is a subsidiary company owned by the Koch brothers— yes, those Koch brothers. 
Connect the dots. The highest pri-
ority of the Republican majority in the Senate was to call up a bill for a Cana-dian company to transport tar sands across the United States with no prom-ise that the American consumers would ever be able to access it, and the proc-ess of refining the Canadian tar sands ends up inuring to the benefit of many companies, such as British Petroleum and KCBX, which again is owned by the Koch brothers. These are the same Koch brothers who are viable political players in our political campaigns. 
This means the people in southeast 
Chicago are forced to breathe this dirty air that members of National Nurses United say causes severe health threats. Petcoke contains high levels of heavy metals, such as vanadium and nickel, and dust particles get trapped in residents’ lungs, triggering asthma and exacerbating heart and lung condi-tions. 
When I go to a school—whether it is 
rural or urban—I make a point to ask a very basic question: Does any student here know anyone with asthma? Half of the hands are up in every classroom. Our pages are starting to raise their hands, of course. 
So here we have a national problem, 
a respiratory problem, which has been made dramatically worse by the by-product, petcoke, of the Keystone XL Pipeline. That is a fact. What I have argued to you now so far is indis-putable. 
The community and members of the 
Southeast Environmental Task Force that I visited with in Chicago are fight-ing back with the help of the National Resources Defense Council. They 
worked with Mayor Emanuel and Chi-cago officials to put standards in place for petcoke storage sites that protect public and environmental health. They have come up with a radical notion—if you want to store this dangerous petcoke, then for goodness’ sake put it inside a building so it doesn’t blow all over the neighborhood. 
They are suing KCBX and Koch In-
dustries for the damages caused by petcoke piles after the Environmental Protection Agency issued a notice to the company of Clean Air Act viola-tions. 
The people who hate the EPA like 
the devil hates holy water do not want them to come in and look at something as outrageous as this and tell you the obvious. This is a public health danger. Petcoke from Canadian tar sands, and part of the Keystone XL Pipeline, is a public health hazard. 
Unfortunately, petcoke just isn’t an 
issue in Chicago or Illinois. My col-league from Michigan, Senator G
ARY 
PETERS , told me a story earlier. He can 
tell you what happened in Detroit when another Koch brothers-owned company decided to store large piles of petcoke on the Detroit River. 
If you look online, you can still find 
the YouTube video of black clouds blowing off the piles of the Koch broth-ers’ petcoke into the river. In fact, Senator P
ETERS said that at one point 
this black cloud was so dense it ob-scured the Ambassador Bridge between the United States and Canada. You could not see it. 
It took years of complaints and law-
suits from local communities to get shipping ports in California to require piles of petcoke that was being stored there to be kept in enclosed facilities and covered at all times. 
Other communities continue to fight, 
including my city of Chicago, which I am proud to represent. As the U.S. re-fines more and more tar sands—that is what this bill is all about, refining more and more Canadian tar sands. Every single day tons of this petcoke is produced with no end in sight and no way of protecting the people who live around that area from the damage it will cause to the lungs of children and other vulnerable people, such as elderly people with respiratory challenges. 
Residents in Houston, TX, and the 
State of Ohio have complained about how these petcoke piles stored in their neighborhoods are damaging their homes and health, but many Ameri-cans affected by petcoke don’t have the money or power to take on big compa-nies, so it is up to Congress. It is up to us to ensure that every person in America—rich or poor, whether they live in a good neighborhood or a strug-gling neighborhood—has the protection against public health hazards. 
There is a current exemption of 
petcoke from environmental laws. When you think of all of the things blowing in the air, how in the world did petcoke end up being treated like fairy dust? It is exempt from laws relating 
to basic things, such as the Superfund. It is exempt from laws relating to haz-ardous waste and materials. They must have had friends in high places to make sure this miserable source of res-piratory problems would be exempt from Federal law. 
My amendment would change that. It 
would end this exemption so they would be held to environmental and public health standards when it comes to this miserable byproduct of Cana-dian tar sands and the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
My amendment goes on to require 
the EPA and the Department of Trans-portation to implement rules for petcoke storage and transportation to protect the public health and environ-ment. 
Is there anyone here who will tell 
you that the folks, TransCanada or those refining this, should not have that responsibility? I would not want to see this anywhere. I would not want to see it in Alaska, and I would not want to see it in Oklahoma. I sure don’t want to even see it in the city of Chicago. But to think it goes unregu-lated—absolutely unregulated—is amazing, and that is what my amend-ment addresses. 
The United States already produces 
millions of tons of petcoke each year. Building this pipeline is just going to add dramatically to that amount. By fixing the legal status of petcoke and making it subject to the same laws as all other dangerous materials, we can help ensure that clean air and clean water is something everyone enjoys, whether they are rich or poor and no matter what State they happen to live in. 
I hope the Senate will have a chance 
to vote on my amendment to close this loophole for petcoke and establish rea-sonable guidelines for handling the ma-terial. 
It is time we put the health and well- 
being of Americans ahead of the profits of any industry involved in the proc-essing of Canadian tar sands because no community—especially the south-east side of Chicago—should be consid-ered a dumping ground for companies to make money off the lungs and health of vulnerable children, elderly, and poor people. 
No family should be forced to live 
next door to a three-story-high pile of petcoke, and that is what is going on. No kid should have to move from a ball field to play inside so they are not ex-posed to hazardous chemicals. 
I know what will happen. Somebody 
is going to make a motion to table this amendment. We can run, but we can’t hide, just as we can run, but we can’t hide from blowing petcoke. If my col-leagues won’t allow a vote on this amendment to classify this as a mate-rial that should be regulated for the safety of the environment and public health, they will be on record if they vote to table this amendment. 
I urge my colleagues—even if they 
dearly love the Keystone XL Pipeline 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.040 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S270 January 20, 2015 
and even if they can’t wait to bring in 
the Canadian tar sands—think about this as if this were your hometown, your neighborhood, and you lived in a house such as this and you looked across the road at that miserable pile, three stories high, of petcoke blowing in for your children and your grand-children to breathe every day. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, at 
this time I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment to call up the Toomey amendment No. 41. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska, [Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ], for Mr. T OOMEY , for himself, Mr. 
CASEY , and Mr. H ATCH , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 41 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To continue cleaning up fields and 
streams while protecting neighborhoods, generating affordable energy, and creating jobs) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. STANDARDS FOR COAL REFUSE POWER 
PLANTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) 19th-century mining operations left be-
hind more than 2,000,000,000 tons of coal refuse on surface land in various coal mining regions of the United States; 
(2) coal refuse piles— (A) pose significant environmental risks; (B) have contaminated more than 180,000 
acres of land and streams; and 
(C) are susceptible to fires that endanger 
public health and emit an estimated 9,000,000 tons of carbon dioxide each year, in addition to other uncontrolled pollutants; 
(3) the Environmental Protection Agency, 
the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and the Department of En-vironmental Protection of the State of Penn-sylvania recognize the significant public health benefits of power plants that use coal refuse as fuel; 
(4) since the inception of coal refuse power 
plants, the plants have removed 210,000,000 tons of coal refuse and restored 8,200 acres of contaminated land; and 
(5) due to the unique nature of coal refuse 
and the power plants that use coal refuse as a fuel, those plants face distinct economic and technical obstacles to achieving compli-ance with regulatory standards established for traditional coal-fired power plants. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF COAL REFUSE .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘coal refuse’’ means any byproduct of coal mining, physical coal cleaning, or coal preparation operations that contains coal, matrix material, clay, and other organic and inorganic material. 
(c) E
MISSION LIMITATIONS FOR CERTAIN  
ELECTRIC UTILITY STEAM GENERATING  
UNITS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The general emission lim-
itations established by the Environmental Protection Agency in the final rule entitled ‘‘Federal Implementation Plans: Interstate 
Transport of Fine Particulate Matter and Ozone and Correction of SIP Approvals’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 48208 (August 8, 2011)) (or a suc-cessor regulation) shall not apply to an elec-tric utility steam generating unit described in paragraph (3). 
(2) H
YDROGEN CHLORIDE AND SULFUR DIOX -
IDE.—The emission limitations for hydrogen 
chloride and sulfur dioxide contained in table 2 of subpart UUUUU of part 63 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), entitled ‘‘Emission Limits for Existing EGUs’’ shall not apply to an elec-tric utility steam generating unit described in paragraph (3). 
(3) D
ESCRIPTION OF ELECTRIC UTILITY STEAM  
GENERATING UNITS .—An electric utility 
steam generating unit referred to in para-graphs (1) and (2) is an electric utility steam generating unit that— 
(A) is in operation as of the date of enact-
ment of this Act; 
(B) uses fluidized bed combustion tech-
nology to convert coal refuse into energy; and 
(C) uses coal refuse as at least 50 percent of 
the annual fuel consumed, by weight, of the unit. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act, this section takes effect on the date of enactment of this 
Act. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, ob-
viously, Senator T OOMEY will come to 
the floor to speak to his amendment. 
I wish to follow up on the comments 
of the Senator from Illinois, who was referring to petcoke. Senator T
OOMEY  
in his amendment is attempting to deal with a situation in specific parts of the country that are impacted by coal refuse. Coal refuse, as it is defined in his amendment, effectively comes about from some centuries-old, 19th century mining operations that left be-hind this coal refuse in certain parts of the coal mining regions around the country. They remain a legacy problem that is acknowledged, a legacy problem that creates environmental issues, in-cluding contamination of local streams with heavy metals, acid, and mine drainage, that, again, I think we all recognize there is a responsibility to address. 
The good news is there is a solution 
to cleaning up this problem. Coal refuse powerplants take this coal and these waste piles and turn them into energy and heat for consumers, for businesses. They follow EPA regula-tions. This is not a situation where we are bypassing EPA regulations when it comes to the emissions issues. But re-mediating these mine sites, removing these waste piles, and at the same time generating electricity with the coal and applying the basic ash from the process reclaims the land at a lower cost. So we are able to do several things at the same time. We are deal-ing with an environmental issue that has been in place for far too long. We are generating electricity that can be used to the benefit of consumers and businesses, and we are also able to re-claim the land. 
So it is viewed, clearly, as a win here. 
It also creates some jobs. It improves the environment and it boosts eco-nomic growth. Burning these coal waste piles is ba-
sically a carbon-neutral process be-cause the carbon in these piles is cur-rently being emitted into the atmos-phere through the slow chemical proc-ess that is at play there, and we also have fires that burn within these piles. So just sitting there is not an answer to a better environment and reduced emissions. 
The plants that burn this waste coal 
cannot economically be as clean as plants using higher quality coal. But the side benefits of removing these waste piles, again, from the perspective of dealing with emissions, generating electricity, and reclaiming the land— the benefits do compensate for the dif-ferences that are out there. 
Historically, environmental regu-
lators have recognized these benefits. They have carved out the plants from regulatory standards that would cause them to shut down. There have been EPA regulations recently that have failed to sustain this approach and, thus there is the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania that would allow these coal waste plants to run. 
I encourage my colleagues to look at 
this amendment in front of us and con-sider the merits as Senator T
OOMEY has 
laid out. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
know we are running against a time clock here in getting ready for the State of the Union Address tonight. I appreciate my colleague from Alaska going back and forth on these amend-ments and allowing both sides of the aisle to set up some pending amend-ments. I will just say the Toomey amendment asks for an exemption of the Clean Air Act which I wouldn’t support. I know we will have a chance later on to have that discussion. 
Our colleague from Nebraska came to 
the floor and offered an amendment that would make it incredibly difficult without first proving there was nega-tive management of Federal land to get any more national monuments. Na-tional monuments have been big eco-nomic drivers in a lot of communities and have preserved some very unique parts of our country. We will have a chance to talk about that a little bit later. But I wish to make sure we get our colleague recognized so he can offer his amendment. Then, I think we will probably, as my colleague from Alaska said, be finished for this after-noon as it relates to offering amend-ments back and forth. I wish to recog-nize the Senator from Rhode Island for his amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
(Purpose: to express the sense of the Sen-
ate that climate change is real and not a hoax) 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to lay aside the pending amendment so that I may call up my amendment No. 29. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.045 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S271 January 20, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ] proposes an amendment num-
bered 29 to amendment No. 2. 
On page 3, between lines 19 and 20, insert 
the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING 
CLIMATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that climate 
change is real and not a hoax. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
first wish to thank the distinguished chairman of the energy committee and her ranking member for allowing this process to go forward to the point where I am able to call up this amend-ment. 
It is a convention here when amend-
ments are called up to ask unanimous consent that the reading be dispensed with, but in this amendment, the effec-tive language is only eight words: ‘‘Cli-mate change is real and not a hoax.’’ So I went ahead and allowed the cler-ical staff to read the whole operative text of this amendment. 
This is an extremely simple amend-
ment. We are here in this remarkable body in which so much history has taken place and in which so many great achievements have been fought through, many of them with powerful interests and strong arguments on op-posite sides. And through that conflict, here in this body, we have been able to generate some of the great com-promises and some of the great resolu-tions that have defined the course of the history of this country. So what a wonderful place this is to have the op-portunity to serve. 
Now, in this great deliberative body, 
called by many the greatest delibera-tive body, we have a great issue before us—perhaps as many say, the issue of our time—and that is what our carbon pollution—the excess carbon that we burn when we burn fossil fuels—is doing to our atmosphere and what it is doing to our oceans. There is no factual debate about what it is doing to our at-mosphere and our oceans. It is crystal clear, and the consequences are crystal clear as well. 
If my colleagues don’t believe me, 
fine, go ask the U.S. military. Ask Ad-miral Locklear. Ask the Secretary of the Navy. Ask the Joint Chiefs of Staff. If my colleagues don’t want to believe in the military, ask our religious lead-ers. Ask the U.S. Conference of Catho-lic Bishops. If my colleagues only be-lieve what corporations tell us, ask some of our biggest and most success-ful American corporations. Ask Walmart. Ask Coca-Cola. Ask Nike, ask Apple, ask Google. Go on through the corporate heraldry, and virtually every American corporation that is not actively involved in the fossil fuel in-dustry will tell us this is a real and se-rious problem. And many of them are dedicating an enormous amount of in-ternal effort to try to solve it within 
their corporate boundaries. Again, Walmart and Coca-Cola come right to the head of the list. 
Of course, we don’t have to ask our 
scientists any longer. They are pretty clear. They use words such as ‘‘un-equivocal’’ and ‘‘undeniable’’ at every single scientific society that represents the major elements of the profession in this country. Every single one has made this a priority. If people just want to go out to farmers, foresters, and fishermen, they are already seeing the changes around them. 
So here we are in this great delibera-
tive body with this extraordinarily im-portant issue that we have to face, and what do we see? Silence, virtually dead silence, because one side of this body won’t even discuss the question. Many refuse to believe that climate change even exists, and for those who do, the political perils of using that phrase have now become so great that there is no serious conversation back and forth about climate change. 
In the first week we debated the Key-
stone Pipeline, which the environ-mental impact statement said will have a dramatic effect on climate change—the equivalent of 6 million added cars on our highways for 50 years, not to mention the petcoke and the byproducts, and just the carbon ef-fect of it—no mention. The only time it was mentioned was when our distin-guished energy committee chairman mentioned the testimony of a witness in her committee. She was good enough to make sure that climate change was raised in her committee, and she men-tioned that there had been a witness who in turn mentioned climate change. But there was no direct mention in all of the debate that we heard in that week about climate change. It is the word that cannot be said. 
That is wrong. We cannot ignore this 
problem. It is too real for my fisher-men in Rhode Island. It is to real for the people who are living near coasts and are seeing beaches they used to be able to play on eaten away. It is too real for the people whose homes have fallen into the sea. It is too real for us not to discuss it. 
Now, it is not going to be easy, and 
we have to start somewhere. So this is a start. I am going to ask my col-leagues to vote on such a simple ques-tion: Is climate change real or is it a hoax? Both points of view have been expressed in this body. Where do we come down? Let’s actually find out if there are people on the Republican side of the aisle who are willing to say cli-mate change is real. My moose up in New Hampshire, one could say, are suf-fering unprecedented infestations of ticks because there is no snow for them to fall off and die, and the moose are getting overwhelmed. We could say that in the University of Oklahoma, the leading dean is an IPCC member and led the establishment of Climate Central. One could go to the Carolina coasts and hear from the coastal agen-cies about sea level rise. One could go 
to Arizona and hear about the desertification and the drought. We can go all over the place and find these 
things, and they are real. 
We have to have this conversation. It 
has to begin with as simple a propo-sition as this. Then, I hope if we can build off this if we can find a few Re-publican Senators who will say pub-licly that climate change is real. We can then go on to if it is real, let’s have a conversation about what we do about it, because recklessly continuing to dump megatons of carbon into the at-mosphere every year is not a solution. And I don’t want to be a part of a gen-eration of which our kids and our grandchildren look back and ask: Where were they? Why could they not address this question? There they were in this great deliberative body. There they were with this great issue of our time. Why would they not even discuss it? 
So I hope this amendment gets the 
conversation under way. It is one I look forward to. I think there are very sensible ways to solve this problem, in-cluding ways that have been supported by everyone from Republican Secre-taries of the Treasury to the lead econ-omist for Ronald Reagan, the famous Mr. Laffer. There are ways we can make these adjustments. But we have to have the conversation, and I hope this begins it. 
With that, I yield the floor. Again, I 
thank the distinguished chairman of the energy committee for her courtesy in allowing us to proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague. I think discus-sions we have had just in the past hour here since we have had the vote and the various amendments we now have pending before us—this is a good con-versation. This is a good discussion and debate for us to be having as a body. We haven’t had energy-related issues brought before this floor in some years now. We had a very limited debate on Keystone back in December, but I am hopeful that with the opportunity for amendments—and again, not just some amendments we on our side have hand-picked and then decided what the Democrats might be able to move on their side—an opportunity for some real issues to be brought forward and to be debated on this floor. 
The Senator from Rhode Island is 
very passionate on the issue of climate change. I think it is fair to say that he has singlehandedly raised the aware-ness not only in this body but for those loyal followers on C–SPAN. 
When it comes to the issue of climate 
change, I think the Senator comes up once a week with his charts and a se-ries of speeches that I think is meant to educate colleagues. I don’t agree with all of it. I think that is a fair statement to say. But what is equally fair is that there is a care and concern for not only our country and our coun-try’s environment—truly the public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.046 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S272 January 20, 2015 
safety of our people, a care for our 
land, the stewardship we have as Amer-icans—but it goes well beyond our bor-ders to that of our entire globe, our en-tire planet, and how we care for planet Earth and how we move forward re-sponsibly. 
One aspect of the energy debate that 
I continue to advance is that we must ensure that if we are to make advances when it comes to caring for our envi-ronment and truly the whole issue of global climate, we have to be a nation that is economically secure in the sense that the technologies we will have to help us be cleaner in all that we do, do not come without cost. Here in this country, we have been the lead-ers, we have been the innovators when it comes to clean-energy technologies, and we should challenge ourselves every day to do more in that regard, to build out, to push out that R&D so that we are making—whether it is making clean coal truly clean, whether it is ad-vancing those clean energy tech-nologies. 
I, for one, coming from a fossil fuel- 
producing State, am a huge proponent of nuclear-powered generation in this country because I believe very strongly that it is the cleanest energy source we have at this point in time. 
So what are we doing in this country 
to make sure our energy is abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and secure? These are the challenges I put out to my colleagues. 
I clearly appreciate the need that we 
have in this body and in this country to be moving forward with technologies that allow us to have reduced emis-sions, to have a cleaner environment, but I also want to make sure we do so in a way that doesn’t cripple our econ-omy. So how we lead in this way, which I believe we must, while keeping our economy where it must be—in the front and moving forward all the time—is our great challenge. 
Again, I look forward to the debate 
we will have. I am pleased we were able to process the amendments we had be-fore us today. I look forward to advanc-ing those that we have pending in front of us now and to good, continued, and robust discussion on this floor. 
I note the majority leader is here, 
and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PHILIP M. PRO 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I rise 
today to recognize the career of the Honorable Philip M. Pro, who is retir-ing from the U.S. District Court for the 
District of Nevada. 
For more than 25 years, Judge Pro 
has sat on the district court. He was nominated by President Ronald Reagan, and he took office on July 23, 1987. From 2002 to 2007, he served as chief judge for the district court. Since being appointed to this distinguished position by President Reagan, his con-sistent leadership and responsiveness to the public and the court have not 
gone unnoticed. In October 1993, then U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Wil-liam Rehnquist appointed Judge Pro as chair of the Committee on the Admin-istration of the Magistrate Judges Sys-tem of the Judicial Conference of the United States. In 2007, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts ap-pointed Judge Pro to the board of the Federal Judicial Center. 
Beyond his remarkable career at the 
district court, Judge Pro has had a tre-mendous impact on the entire legal community. He served for several years on the Study Committee to Review the Nevada Rules of Civil Procedure. He was actively involved in numerous international rule-of-law programs in countries such as Hungary, Spain, Nor-way, Malawi, and South Africa. Judge Pro was integral in the establishment of the William S. Boyd School of Law at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. He served on the Law Advisory Committee for the law school and the advisory board of the school’s Saltman Center for Conflict Resolution. 
In addition to his impressive work in 
the legal community, he has worked since 1987 to educate Nevada’s youth about civic duties through his role with the We, the People . . . the Citizen and the Constitution Program. 
On a personal basis, I was chairman 
of the Nevada Gaming Commission dur-ing tumultuous times, when it was dis-covered mob influences infiltrated Ne-vada’s gaming establishments; Phil was one of my attorneys. We have joked, since then, that he was able to beat, on behalf of the State of Nevada and its gaming authorities, the best lawyers that the adverse interest could buy. He was then an advocate of the law. Phil understood the law, for which I will always be grateful. I would also be negligent if I did not announce to everyone within the sound of my voice my envy for his great voice. He has a deep baritone speaking ability, which sets him apart from almost everyone else. I thank Phil Pro for his friend-ship. 
Through his years of professional and 
voluntary service, Judge Pro has be-come a fixture in the Nevada legal community. I congratulate him on his many successes and decades of dedi-cated public service. I wish him the best in all his future endeavors. COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, 
SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation has adopted rules gov-erning its procedures for the 114th Con-gress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, para-graph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that the accompanying rules for the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON COM-
MERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPOR-TATION 
114
THCONGRESS  
RULE I—MEETINGS OF THE COMMITTEE 
1. INGENERAL .—The regular meeting dates 
of the Committee shall be the first and third Wednesdays of each month. Additional meet-ings may be called by the Chairman as the Chairman may deem necessary, or pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 3 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
2. O
PENMEETINGS .—Meetings of the Com-
mittee, or any subcommittee, including meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or series of meetings by the Committee, or any sub-committee, on the same subject for a period of no more than 14 calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only whether the matters enumerated in subparagraphs (A) through (F) would require the meeting to be closed, followed imme-diately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the members of the Committee, or any subcommittee, when it is determined that the matter to be discussed or the testi-mony to be taken at such meeting or meet-ings— 
(A) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; 
(B) will relate solely to matters of Com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
(C) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; 
(D) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terest of effective law enforcement; 
(E) will disclose information relating to 
the trade secrets of, or financial or commer-cial information pertaining specifically to, a given person if— 
(1) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or 
(2) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.042 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S273 January 20, 2015 
(F) may divulge matters required to be 
kept confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. 
3. S
TATEMENTS .—Each witness who is to 
appear before the Committee or any sub-committee shall file with the Committee, at least 24 hours in advance of the hearing, a written statement of the witness’s testimony in as many copies as the Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee prescribes. In the event a witness fails to file a timely written statement in accordance with this rule, the Chairman of the Committee or sub-committee, as applicable, may permit the witness to testify, or deny the witness the privilege of testifying before the Committee, or permit the witness to testify in response to questions from members without the ben-efit of giving an opening statement. 
4. F
IELD HEARINGS .—Field hearings of the 
full Committee, and any subcommittee thereof, shall be scheduled only when au-thorized by the Chairman and ranking mi-nority member of the full Committee. 
RULE II—QUORUMS 
1. B
ILLS, RESOLUTIONS , ANDNOMINATIONS .— 
A majority of the members, which includes at least 1 minority member, shall constitute a quorum for official action of the Com-mittee when reporting a bill, resolution, or nomination. Proxies may not be counted in making a quorum for purposes of this para-graph. 
2. O
THER BUSINESS .—One-third of the en-
tire membership of the Committee shall con-stitute a quorum for the transaction of all business as may be considered by the Com-mittee, except for the reporting of a bill, res-olution, or nomination or authorizing a sub-poena. Proxies may not be counted in mak-ing a quorum for purposes of this paragraph. 
3. T
AKING TESTIMONY .—For the purpose of 
taking sworn testimony a quorum of the Committee and each subcommittee thereof, now or hereafter appointed, shall consist of 1 member of the Committee. 
RULE III—PROXIES 
When a record vote is taken in the Com-
mittee on any bill, resolution, amendment, or any other question, the required quorum being present, a member who is unable to at-tend the meeting may submit his or her vote by proxy, in writing or through personal in-structions. 
RULE IV—CONSIDERATION OF BILLS 
AND RESOLUTIONS 
It shall not be in order during a meeting of 
the Committee to move to proceed to the consideration of any bill or resolution unless the bill or resolution has been filed with the Clerk of the Committee not less than 48 hours in advance of the Committee meeting, in as many copies as the Chairman of the Committee prescribes. This rule may be waived with the concurrence of the Chair-man and the ranking minority member of the full Committee. 
RULE V—SUBPOENAS; COUNSEL; 
RECORD 
1. S
UBPOENAS .—The Chairman, with the ap-
proval of the ranking minority member of the Committee, may subpoena the attend-ance of witnesses for hearings and the pro-duction of memoranda, documents, records, or any other materials. The Chairman may subpoena such attendance of witnesses or production of materials without the approval of the ranking minority member if the Chairman or a member of the Committee staff designated by the Chairman has not re-ceived notification from the ranking minor-ity member or a member of the Committee staff designated by the ranking minority member of disapproval of the subpoena with-in 72 hours, excluding Saturdays and Sun-days, of being notified of the subpoena. If a subpoena is disapproved by the ranking mi-
nority member as provided in this para-graph, the subpoena may be authorized by vote of the Members of the Committee, the quorum required by paragraph 1 of rule II being present. When the Committee or Chair-man authorizes a subpoena, it shall be issued upon the signature of the Chairman or any other Member of the Committee designated by the Chairman. At the direction of the Chairman, with notification to the ranking minority member of not less than 72 hours, the staff is authorized to take depositions from witnesses. The ranking minority mem-ber, or a member of the Committee staff des-ignated by the ranking minority member, shall be given the opportunity to attend and participate in the taking of any deposition. Witnesses at depositions shall be examined upon oath administered by an individual au-thorized by law to administer oaths, or ad-ministered by any member of the Committee if one is present. 
2. C
OUNSEL .—Witnesses may be accom-
panied at a public or executive hearing, or the taking of a deposition, by counsel to ad-vise them of their rights. Counsel retained by any witness and accompanying such wit-ness shall be permitted to be present during the testimony of the witness at any public or executive hearing, or the taking of a deposi-tion, to advise the witness, while the witness is testifying, of the witness’s legal rights. In the case of any witness who is an officer or employee of the government, or of a corpora-tion or association, the Chairman may rule that representation by counsel from the gov-ernment, corporation, or association or by counsel representing other witnesses, creates a conflict of interest, and that the witness may only be represented during testimony before the Committee by personal counsel not from the government, corporation, or as-sociation or by personal counsel not rep-resenting other witnesses. This paragraph shall not be construed to excuse a witness 
from testifying in the event the witness’s counsel is ejected for conducting himself or herself in such manner as to prevent, im-pede, disrupt, obstruct, or interfere with the orderly administration of a hearing or the taking of a deposition. This paragraph may not be construed as authorizing counsel to coach the witness or to answer for the wit-ness. The failure of any witness to secure counsel shall not excuse the witness from complying with a subpoena. 
3. R
ECORD .—An accurate electronic or sten-
ographic record shall be kept of the testi-mony of all witnesses in executive and public hearings and depositions. If testimony given by deposition is transcribed, the individual administering the oath shall certify on the transcript that the witness was duly sworn in his or her presence and the transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true record of the testimony. The transcript with these certifications shall be filed with the chief clerk of the Committee. The record of a witness’s testimony, whether in public or executive session or in a deposition, shall be made available for inspection by the witness or the witness’s counsel under Committee supervision. A copy of any testimony given in public session, or that part of the testi-mony given by the witness in executive ses-sion or deposition and subsequently quoted or made part of the record in a public ses-sion, shall be provided to that witness at the witness’s expense if so requested. Upon in-specting the transcript, within a time limit set by the Clerk of the Committee, a witness may request changes in the transcript to correct errors of transcription and grammat-ical errors. The witness may also bring to the attention of the Committee errors of fact in the witness’s testimony by submitting a sworn statement about those facts with a re-quest that it be attached to the transcript. 
The Chairman or a member of the Com-mittee staff designated by the Chairman shall rule on such requests. 
RULE VI—BROADCASTING OF HEARINGS 
Public hearings of the full Committee, or 
any subcommittee thereof, shall be televised or broadcast only when authorized by the Chairman and the ranking minority member of the full Committee. 
RULE VII—SUBCOMMITTEES 
1. H
EARINGS .—Any member of the Com-
mittee may sit with any subcommittee dur-ing its hearings. 
2. C
HANGE OF CHAIRMANSHIP .—Subcommit-
tees shall be considered de novo whenever there is a change in the chairmanship, and seniority on the particular subcommittee shall not necessarily apply. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RYAN RINGEL 
Mr. CRAPO. Madam President, I wish 
today to honor Ryan Ringel, a member of my Senate staff who recently went to work for a fellow Member of the Senate. 
Ryan, who is from Rexburg, ID, has 
been an invaluable member of my Sen-ate staff for the past 16 years. After at-tending Ricks College, now Brigham Young University-Idaho, Ryan grad-uated from Boise State University in 1998 with a bachelor of science degree in political science, international rela-tions, and Spanish. With his strong support for BSU sports, particularly football, he will likely continue to cheer for his team from his new posi-tion, even though he is working for an-other State. 
Also in 1998 he joined my campaign 
as a staff assistant and then interned in my Boise office before moving to Washington, DC to become systems ad-ministrator in the Senate office as it opened in 1999. During his Senate ten-ure, Ryan met his wife, Noelle, and they have built a beautiful family that includes three sons, Zachary, Andrew and Michael. 
In addition to being an effective 
member of my staff, Ryan is a trusted friend. Ryan’s high regard for the privi-lege of serving fellow Idahoans is evi-dent. His know-how and sensible guid-ance have been instrumental and will be greatly missed. Countless times he has taken my calls at any hour and fixed whatever it was that was broken or in need of replacement. All the while, he brings a good humor to chal-lenges and figures out ways to get things done right. 
It is no surprise that Ryan’s knowl-
edge and skill have been recognized by others, and I wish Ryan all the best in his future career path. Thankfully, he is not going far, and I will still get to see Ryan and Noelle in the halls of the Senate. Congratulations, Ryan, Noelle, Zachary, Andrew and Michael, on the start of a new chapter. Thank you, Ryan, for your outstanding service. I wish you all the very best life has to offer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.011 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S274 January 20, 2015 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO SAM CHAPMAN 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I 
would like to take this opportunity to recognize my great friend and former colleague Sam Chapman, who is retir-ing on February 1, 2015, after a long and distinguished career in public serv-ice. 
I first had the opportunity to work 
with Sam when we were both county supervisors in northern California. When I was elected to the Marin Coun-ty Board of Supervisors in 1976, Sam had already served 2 years on the neighboring Napa County Board of Su-pervisors after successfully defeating an incumbent. He was only 26 at the time, but he had been motivated to launch his underdog run after watching the incumbent fall asleep at a public meeting. Although he called his 1974 win ‘‘the beginning of my career in pol-itics,’’ Sam had already shown a deep dedication to the ideals of public serv-ice. 
After receiving his law degree from 
the University of California at Berke-ley’s Boalt Hall School of Law, Sam joined Volunteers in Service to Amer-ica, VISTA, a national public service program envisioned by President John F. Kennedy and implemented by Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson to fight poverty in America. He worked with VISTA as a volunteer attorney in the field of poverty law and later became a staff attorney for the Napa County Legal Assistance Agency. He then opened his own general practice law office in Napa prior to running for supervisor. 
Sam and I have always shared so 
many values—he has always been a strong advocate for the environment and other progressive causes—and dur-ing the 6 years we served together, we worked to improve the lives of people throughout our North Bay commu-nities. When I was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1982, I knew right away that I wanted Sam on my team. For more than 20 years—as press secretary, legislative director, and finally as my chief of staff—Sam worked tirelessly every day to serve the people of the State of California. 
In 2004, seeking a new way to serve 
his community, Sam left the U.S. Sen-ate to become the publisher of the Pa-cific Sun, a weekly newspaper focused on Marin County. He always had an in-terest in the news media, having worked as a reporter and editor for the Napa Valley Register prior to receiving his law degree. In 2010, following his lifelong interest in the environment and renewable energy issues, he be-came the State and Community Affairs Manager at Lawrence Berkeley Na-tional Lab, where he has worked to strengthen the lab’s ties with the local and regional community. Throughout his career in public service, Sam also found the time to serve on a number of environmental commissions, lending his expertise to the Bay Conservation and Development Commission, Bay 
Area Air Quality Management District, and California Air Resources Board. 
For more than three decades, Sam 
has been a trusted ally, advisor, and friend. As he begins his retirement and embarks on the next exciting phase of his life, I send him and his family, es-pecially his two beautiful daughters Allegra and Sabrina, my best wishes, deep affection, and abiding gratitude. ∑ 
f 
JOHNSON CITY CHAMBER OF 
COMMERCE CENTENNIAL 
∑Mr. CORKER. Madam President, on 
July 6, 2015, the Johnson City Chamber of Commerce will celebrate its centen-nial. 
For 100 years the chamber has pro-
moted business, enhanced economic and community development, and served as a catalyst for improving the overall quality of life for people in the Tri-Cities. 
In many cities across Tennessee, 
chamber of commerce members are the lifeblood of the community. They are our educators, our bankers, our doc-tors, our pharmacists, and more, and they share a common dedication to im-proving the quality of lives of their fel-low citizens. 
As a former businessman, chamber 
member and mayor, I know firsthand that what we do here in Washington, including Federal regulations and tax policies, has a direct impact on busi-nesses and communities across Ten-nessee. 
For far too long, Washington has put 
off addressing these issues as well as what I believe should be our top pri-ority: getting our fiscal house in order. 
As I speak with Tennessee chamber 
of commerce groups, one thing is obvi-ous. They are ready for Washington to govern responsibly and finally focus on growing our economy, repairing our fiscal house and strengthening our Na-tion’s role in the world. 
Some of America’s greatest achieve-
ments and longest-lasting solutions have occurred when one party controls Congress and another the White House. 
It will take hard work, but I am opti-
mistic. If the President rolls up his sleeves and provides leadership and if Congress acts responsibly, I truly be-lieve we can begin to solve some of the big issues members of the chamber care most about. 
I congratulate the Johnson City 
Chamber of Commerce on their centen-nial celebration. I appreciate their input on how we can strengthen our communities and unleash the entrepre-neurial spirit of our local businesses. I thank them for making the Tri-Cities a great place to live and do business, and I look forward to working with them for years to come. ∑ 
f 
VERMONT ESSAY FINALISTS 
∑Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
ask to have printed in the R ECORD fi-
nalist essays written by Vermont High School students as part of the Fifth 
Annual ‘‘What is the State of the Union’’ Essay contest conducted by my office. These 20 finalists were selected from over 400 entries. 
The essays follow: 
SAM ANGLUM , BURR AND BURTON ACADEMY  
(FINALIST)  
We marched along for roughly 5 miles, part 
of which was right through Times Square. While holding up our signs and chanting what we wanted to see change in our govern-ment’s priorities, I looked to my left and gazed at the skyline full of skyscrapers atop the canopy of Central Park. 
My class and I were marching alongside 
400,000 New Yorkers, Americans, and globally aware citizens at the 2014 NYC Climate March. Climate change is a very serious issue that not many people are sensitive enough about. My hopes going into the march were to be a part of bringing global awareness to the massive shift in attitude I feel is going to save the Earth from its immi-nent doom. 
After participating in such a momentous 
event, I want my voice to echo further than the streets of Manhattan. I want the United States government to consider helping by promoting climate education in schools across the nation so that this kind of action becomes a part of the everyday agenda. As a high school student in Vermont, I urge my very own state senators including Governor Shumlin to consider spreading this type of education across the State of Vermont. I imagine the future generations as the key components to setting goals and battling for solutions to the problems that people are fighting against today. 
Not everyone will be an activist, or even 
care nearly as much as they should, but as long as more of the youth is aware of these pressing global issues, the amount of people that will create change will no doubt be mul-tiplied. Our world’s economic foundation is based on the over-extraction of fossil fuels, and because of this one in four carbon emis-sions comes from humans. I am aware that Vermont has a goal of making restrictions on fossil fuels and ultimately becoming 90 percent renewable by 2050. Every student in Vermont should be aware of this goal. I strongly urge the United States government to contribute to that further by promoting this kind of discussion within classrooms. 
New York City Councilman Donovan Rich-
ards, a man on the panel for 350.org, spoke to us the night before the march, and his words stuck with me. ‘‘Rulership does not coincide with leadership.’’ The streets of Manhattan were full of leaders on Sunday, September 21, and our desire was to influence our rulers. However, if our voice is transmitted to our ‘‘rulers’’ such as yourself, our governments can ‘‘lead’’ us into a more sustainable and renewable world. 
CAROLINE ARTHAUD , CHAMPLAIN VALLEY UNION  
HIGH SCHOOL (FINALIST)  
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, members 
of Congress, and fellow Americans: 
Theodore Roosevelt once said, ‘‘This coun-
try will not be a good place for any of us to live in unless we make it a good place for all of us to live in.’’ At this time, it is my duty to lead this country towards such a place. I stand here today to address our successes, but also our deficits. Although Americans have many reasons to be proud of our accom-plishments, it is unrealistic and inaccurate to declare ourselves flawless. We must mus-ter the courage to confront the issues that hold us back. 
Although the unemployment rate has de-
creased from 9.7 percent in 2010 to 5.8 percent in November of 2014, there are still 9 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.023 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S275 January 20, 2015 
Americans without jobs. This is not accept-
able. 
Beyond this, our precious environment is 
deteriorating. What many seem to struggle to understand is that the gradual warming of the earth is not an issue affecting only polar bears and penguins, but a growing danger to humans, as well. 
To begin to address issues of unemploy-
ment and environment, it is important that we, the American people, do our part to raise awareness and call for action. America needs to initiate large-scale production of renew-able energy sources. This will help us in two ways: it will expand employment and create new jobs, and it will also transition this country from dependence on pollution-caus-ing energy sources to cleaner solutions. We can sleep easier knowing that we have stopped engaging in a process sure to leave our children and grandchildren with a world too far gone to rehabilitate. 
Yet, another issue has escalated severely 
in recent years. It is one that has resulted in the violent deaths of 20 innocent six-year- olds in 2012, and that continues to take the lives of an average of 289 Americans daily. Many of us don’t want to look at the prob-lem of gun violence, but it has become some-thing we can no longer ignore. We must for-mulate legislation that demands the renewal of gun permits on a regular basis, and work to improve the quality of mental health treatment. We must insist upon imple-menting stricter background checks on any-one wishing to bear weapons. 
Change is difficult. It’s difficult on an indi-
vidual basis, and vastly more difficult on a national one. However, I believe that the ability to change is a big part of what has made this nation so great. Americans are re-silient and creative, and I believe that if we set our minds to it, we can improve the state of our union. I call upon you, all of you, to help continue the legacy of this remarkable country by working with me to better the lives of all Americans. Unemployment, envi-ronmental degradation, and gun violence are a lot to take on; however, we live in a coun-try capable of anything. 
Thank you. God bless you, and God bless 
the United States of America. 
HAR WA BI , WINOOSKI HIGH SCHOOL (FINALIST)  
‘‘There is a lot that happens around the 
world we cannot control. We cannot stop earthquakes, we cannot prevent droughts, and we cannot prevent all conflict, but when we know where the hungry, the homeless and the sick exist, then we can help,’’ says Jan Schakowsky, the U.S. Representative from Illinois. We can’t help what nature creates, but being homeless is not nature. It is pro-duced by humans and only humans can erase it. It is our nation’s fault for letting people become homeless and live in poverty. We need to help the homeless and not let the poor become homeless. 
According to studentsagainsthunger.org in 
United States, each year more than 3.5 mil-lion people become homeless. They are forced to sleep in parks, under bridges, in shelters or cars. In fact, 35 percent of the homeless population are families with chil-dren, which is the fastest growing segment of the homeless population. And, 25 percent of the homeless population suffer from some form of mental illness. According to the feedingamerica.org, 45.3 percent of the peo-ple lived in poverty in 2013. This included 26.4 million people ages 18 to 64, 4.7 million chil-dren under the age of 18, and 4.2 million sen-iors 65 and older. 
I believe poverty happens in the United 
States because housing and hospital bills are too expensive. Lower-income workers cannot afford food and shelter. After we pay for housing, nothing is left for us. We don’t have a higher income, we have food stamps which 
are low because the government cut it off, including for my family. And, my mom is the only one who works. According to homeaid.org, some part of the homelessness is caused by the loss of loved ones, job loss, domestic violence, divorce and family dis-putes. Other impairments such as depression, untreated mental illness, post-traumatic stress disorder, and physical disabilities are also responsible for a large portion of the homeless. I want government to help those people who need and try to stop it from hap-pening, and to make our nation become bet-ter. 
I believe only government can decrease 
homelessness and help to increase the in-come, which all poor people need. We need to decrease the cost of hospitals or anything that costs a lot. Please help us poor and homeless because the government is our only hope. We will be waiting for the results of our government’s actions. 
PETER CAMARDO , SOUTH BURLINGTON HIGH  
SCHOOL (FINALIST)  
A democracy is a government ruled by the 
people. In a democracy, the citizens hold the responsibility of making decisions. This is why United States of America has been suc-cessful throughout history. A democracy is the most productive way to run society when its citizens are engaged, but it loses its supe-riority when the population is plagued by ig-norance. 
In my lifetime, Americans have been fortu-
nate to live on our homeland without major threat to our national security. We have grown accustomed to lives of guaranteed safety. Unfortunately with this privilege, we have begun to feel entitled and to neglect our responsibility as American citizens. Issues of great concern are being ignored by the American population as if they mean nothing. Americans are sitting back and waiting for others to take action while grave matters are left undebated by the American public. I think back to President Kennedy’s inaugural speech, and when he said the fa-mous words, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country.’’ It is important that we American citizens remind ourselves of these words in everything we do, and to remember that our government is built upon the strong, inde-pendent voices that make up a democracy. 
I don’t believe there is one significant 
issue concerning the United States that is more urgent than the rest. Each issue we face is vital for our nation to address appro-priately. Regardless of which issue we under-take at which time, the first step to solving it is to become educated, and to stop ignor-ing problems just because they are not af-fecting us directly. All the members of a de-mocracy must understand a conflict before it can be solved. In an age where people have infinite information at their fingertips, it can be easy to lose sight of important infor-mation. We must be educated before we can solve our issues of today. 
The responsibility to educate the public 
lies with the elected members of our govern-ment. It is important for our government to be straightforward and honest. It is impor-tant that when there are protests and move-ments the voices of the American people are heard and represented. Most importantly, the United States Congress should set an ex-ample for leadership and communication, and should inspire the people of the United States through proactive legislation and positive inter-party communication. 
We are the greatest nation on earth. We 
are far too experienced and wise to get caught up in a bipartisan conflict. When we get caught up in a battle with ourselves, it dejects us. The reason why the citizens of America have lost a sense of American pride 
is because our leaders seem to have lost a sense of purpose. The objective of our gov-ernment is to, ‘‘Establish justice, insure do-mestic tranquility, provide for the common 
defense, promote the general welfare, and se-cure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,’’ and the government should put aside their personal beliefs in an effort to make that happen. 
TAYLOR DEVANEY , MISSISQUOI VALLEY UNION  
HIGH SCHOOL (FINALIST)  
President Obama once said that, ‘‘The na-
tion cannot prosper long when it favors only the prosperous’’, and as a young Vermonter, I agree with this statement. I am concerned with the state of our union due to the ever- growing, unequal wealth distribution. As the rich get richer, the poor get poorer, and in many situations wealth distribution gets ig-nored. The middle class population used to be the backbone of the nation, but every year it gets harder to make ends meet, as they slide lower down the economic class scale. America leads the world in the widest gap between the have and have nots, making the idea of America being the land of oppor-tunity seem more of an unlikely dream. 
The most recent studies from the Federal 
Reserve show that a mere 3 percent of Amer-ican families own 54 percent of the wealth in the United States. The unbalanced wealth distribution is dangerous for the nation as a whole. Economists Emmanuel Saez and Ga-briel Zucman state that in their research that the wealth distribution has grown to the same levels as in the 1920’s. The top 1 percent owns upwards of 40 percent of the wealth in the United States. As a nation, we have experienced the disastrous effects of an economic crash during the Great Depression, due to unbalanced wealth. We as a nation have failed to learn from our mistakes and are continuing down a dangerous path. The middle class is still at risk for being hurt the most, as they are left to clean up the mess of the high rollers. An unfair task when their wages remain stagnant, as the profits and wages soar for those at the top of the cor-rupted corporate ladder. The hard working American people do not deserve to struggle and something must be done. 
The mega-rich are not paying appropriate 
amount of taxes for their wealth, making the middle and lower class make up for the dif-ference. Many of the people who control the tax rates are also the ones who make the most. Members of Congress are creating laws to benefit themselves. Big money and gov-ernment fit together well, for politicians look for the wealthy to support them finan-cially. 
We can no longer only provide for wealthy 
men and women who indirectly control our government. Creating a scaled taxation sys-tem will help balance the wealth in the na-tion. Making sure the wealthy are paying their fair share is key to balancing out our nation’s prosperity. The U.S. can take note from the most famous, and down to Earth business from Vermont, Ben & Jerry’s. This company had a system of a pay ratio be-tween the highest paid employee and the lowest paid employee of 5 to 1 in its early years. These numbers are relatively small, but scaling them could make an impact on businesses today. Unequal wealth distribu-tion benefits only a small portion of the country and will be the cause of a failed economy. 
CONNOR DROWN , WINOOSKI HIGH SCHOOL  
(FINALIST)  
America. Home of the brave and land of 
the free. It is at its heart known as a free country, with opportunity just waiting for someone to snatch it up for themselves. It is a land where one desires the ‘‘American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:56 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.017 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S276 January 20, 2015 
Dream.’’ Unfortunately, this is not remotely 
possible, and many citizens of the United States have difficulties living in this coun-try. The United States of America is a great country to live in, if not the best, but is also far from perfect. 
Everything in America could be improved 
in one way or the other. Education and health care are huge government issues that need improvement in order to make the United States of America a more suitable place to live. 
Firstly, education in America is one of if 
not the most important factors to a success-ful career and life for US citizens. Getting a high school diploma is still very important, but it is now becoming more and more of a necessity to attend college and get a degree. According to usnews.com, the value of a col-lege degree is greater than it has been in nearly half a century, at least when com-pared to the prospect of not getting a degree. Among millennials ages 25 to 32, median an-nual earnings for fulltime working college degree holders are $17,500 greater than for those with high school diplomas only. The only problem is that college has increasingly become less and less affordable. 
According to the College Board, the aver-
age cost of tuition and fees for the 2013–2014 academic year was $30,094 at private colleges, $8,893 for state residents at public colleges, and $22,203 for out-of-state residents attend-ing public universities. Most Americans don’t even consider public schools, which are most often referred to as the least expensive, affordable. According to the Huffington Post, 62 percent said they believe most people are not able to afford the cost of a public college education. If the majority of America could afford college to achieve their career goals, America will be a better and more successful country. If something such as raising taxes benefits colleges in that it will be more af-fordable, America will have more oppor-tunity to strive for success. 
Health care is another issue that I feel 
should be mentioned. It is said that Presi-dent Obama and the United States in general wants to make healthcare more affordable to everyone. Government run health care sys-tems, such as Obamacare, are free and low- cost government run programs that result in higher costs and everyone receiving the same poor quality health care. Health care should remain privatized so that the people who may need better health care and can also af-ford it without a huge deductible may re-ceive it. 
In conclusion, ensuring that health care 
remains the same and reducing the cost of education will undeniably improve America. 
SPENCER ECKERT , WOODSTOCK UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (FINALIST)  
Remember when you got your first job? 
I’m sure it was an exciting and proud mo-ment. It could be that you weren’t even con-cerned about your hourly pay, but as time went by, I’m certain that changed and you realized that you work hard and want to be compensated for that. In today’s society, it can be hard to earn a good living wage from a ‘‘decent’’ job. But for many people, they don’t get good pay even when they should. The low minimum wage today makes it dif-ficult for people to survive and make a liv-ing. 
There are a number of compelling reasons 
to increase the minimum wage. Let’s begin with the economy. It’s simple; raising the minimum wage would have a positive effect on the economy by giving workers more money to spend. It would be good to raise the minimum wage to $15 because there would be more money being pumped into the economy. If workers get paid more, then they are happier and with a better mood they will want to spend more. It gives people 
the confidence to spend more and when they spend more they are fueling the economy. ‘‘A raise for minimum wage earners will put more money in more families’ pockets, which will be spent on goods and services, stimulating economic growth locally and na-tionally,’’ according to the ‘‘Minimum Wage Mythbusters.’’ 
Increasing minimum wage has a positive 
impact on the working family. It helps them to make ends meet, and at the same time en-ables them to spend some money. When they spend money, they are fueling the economy. 
Raising the minimum wage would not 
cause any job loss or unemployment, and most work places would not go out of busi-ness if they were to raise the minimum wage. In fact there would probably be less turnover. Therefore, companies would reduce the amount of money they spend on training. If companies compensate their employees with better wages than those employees are happier and more committed to that com-pany. So raising the minimum wage can have a positive effect on companies. ‘‘Rais-ing the minimum wage would be good for our economy. A higher minimum wage not only increases workers’ incomes—which is sorely needed to boost demand and get the economy going—but it also reduces turnover, cuts the costs that low-paid employers impose on tax-payers, and pushes businesses toward a high- road, high-human-capital model.’’ (Said T. William Lester, David Madland, and Jackie Odum, in their article Raising the Minimum Wage Would Help, Not Hurt, Our Economy) 
One reason why the minimum wage should 
be increased to $15 is because it would help a lot of people get out of the poverty level. Too many people in the country who work at minimum wage jobs currently depend on the government for other help. People subscribe to government programs such as food stamps and school breakfast and lunch programs, just to name a few. ‘‘According to a Michi-gan survey shows that families who work at fast food businesses are much more likely to enroll in safety net programs than the work-force as a whole, such as food stamps.’’ 
Another reason why the minimum wage 
should be increased to $15 is because of the positive psychological benefits. It would raise people’s self-esteem and self-worth and would also allow children in these poverty- level homes to have better opportunities in the future. If these children are able to im-prove their performance in school, then they are likely to continue education which would allow them to pursue better paying jobs in the future. If they have better paying jobs, they are no longer on government programs and they have the opportunity and con-fidence to spend money which fuel the econ-omy. It is a positive cycle. ‘‘A raise in the minimum wage would not only help many families escape or avoid poverty, but could also significantly boost their children’s aca-demic performance and future adult earn-ings,’’ said Yannet M. Lathrop, a Policy Ana-lyst who has conducted studies on raising the minimum wage. 
There really is no downside to raising the 
minimum wage. Raising the minimum wage to $15 would be good for employers, workers, families, and the economy. Raising the min-imum wage would lead to these dramatic outcomes: getting families out of poverty, giving children a better education and fu-ture, giving employers committed workers, putting more money into the economy, giv-ing people the confidence to spend more and making people happy. 
JACOB GALLOW , MISSISQUOI VALLEY UNION HIGH  
SCHOOL (FINALIST)  
Jean-Jacques Rousseau stated, ‘‘A man is 
born free, but everywhere we are in chains.’’ Freedom is something everyone seeks, but 
most will never experience it. Given more power, the government becomes a wolf among sheep. People flock to the sight of freedom, only to see that even something so great has its limits. Governments tend to give more things to the people, things to give them a sense of security, a place to sleep, somewhere to work, to do as they wish. Those things come at a price, the price of freedom. The more the people receive, es-pecially on the topic of security, the more liberties are contracted. 
Are we truly free? America sits in the 
shadow of threats every day, for there will always be some person who despises the place we call home. Security is something we, as Americans, take for granted. While we sit in the shadows, not even aware of it, brave men and women risk their lives and die every day for the security of their home-land, wishing for a safe place for their friends and family to live. Yet, here we sit in the symbolic country of freedom, with some-one always looking over our shoulder. That security we take for granted tends to take away the liberties and freedoms we were given many years ago. The more of a grip the government has on its people, the more the people are caged. 
Our troops are out fighting for our govern-
ment, and our government’s wishes, but have we ever stopped to think of what our own troops went through? According to Veteran’s Inc., around 529,000 and 840,000 veterans are homeless each year, one in ten veterans are disabled related to war injuries. According to CNN, 22 veterans take their own lives each and every day, some resulting from PTSD, a disorder soldiers get after experiencing the horrors of war. Veteran unemployment rate is another issue among all of these. What can we, as Americans, do to help our Veterans. 
We surely are not doing enough, and those numbers keep climbing. What about those families of soldiers, what do they have to go through each and every day with a spouse, parent, or sibling off at war, fighting people because our governments wants to be ‘‘in-volved.’’ 
We don’t need to be caught in everyone 
else’s business, unless it becomes our busi-ness, and if we do get involved, we need to back up our soldiers first. Our country had to solve our own problems in 1861–1865, let others do the same. 
Freedom isn’t really free. Here in America, 
we are promised freedom, but the securities we receive and the democracy we spread binds us in chains, not allowing us to roam free. Sure there needs to be laws enforced, yes there needs to be security, but we need freedom too. Our government needs to focus on our country. Will we as Americans allow the anaconda, known as the government, to strangle us, the people, as mice? ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE UNIVERSITY OF 
OREGON FOOTBALL TEAM 
∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor the University of Oregon’s foot-ball team for its tremendous season. The Fighting Ducks of Oregon accumu-lated 13 wins with only 2 losses this year, which accounts for the most wins in team history. This season cul-minated with the Ducks winning their 11th Pac-12 Conference championship, playing in the first NCAA college foot-ball playoff, winning their third-ever Rose Bowl and reaching the National Championship game. It is truly a great year to be a Duck. 
Recognition should not only be given 
to this football team’s success on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.017 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S277 January 20, 2015 
field but also to the hard work and ef-
fort demonstrated by players, coaches, and staff off the field. From volun-teering at local afterschool programs to honoring our military, members of the Oregon Ducks football team have shown dedication and commitment to their school and their community. 
Special recognition should go to head 
coach Mark Helfrich—a native Orego-nian—for leading this group of young men to success on and off the field. I am also proud to honor Oregon quar-terback Marcus Mariota for winning the University of Oregon’s first Heisman Trophy. Marcus is the first athlete of Polynesian descent to win this award, which makes him the pride of his home State of Hawaii. His ac-ceptance speech during the Heisman Trophy presentation was truly moving. I am proud to watch him represent the University with such class. 
The Oregon Ducks have seen tremen-
dous success throughout this 2014 sea-son, scoring an average of 45.4 points per game, 90 total touchdowns, and amassing more than 3,000 total yards rushing. Marcus Mariota set a school record for single-season passing yards— more than 4,400 yards in 15 games—and, following completion of the regular season, two members of the Oregon football team were honored as first- team All-Americans by the Associated Press. 
It has been a remarkable season all 
around, and I look forward to more years watching Coach Helfrich encour-age his players to win the day. Go Ducks! ∑ 
f 
REPORT ON THE STATE OF THE 
UNION DELIVERED TO A JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS ON JANU-ARY 20, 2015—PM 1 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States which was ordered to lie on the table: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, 
Members of Congress, my fellow Amer-icans: 
We are 15 years into this new cen-
tury. Fifteen years that dawned with terror touching our shores; that un-folded with a new generation fighting two long and costly wars; that saw a vicious recession spread across our Na-tion and the world. It has been, and still is, a hard time for many. 
But tonight, we turn the page. Tonight, after a breakthrough year 
for America, our economy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999. Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the finan-cial crisis. More of our kids are grad-uating than ever before; more of our people are insured than ever before; we are as free from the grip of foreign oil as we’ve been in almost 30 years. 
Tonight, for the first time since 9/11, 
our combat mission in Afghanistan is over. Six years ago, nearly 180,000 
American troops served in Iraq and Af-ghanistan. Today, fewer than 15,000 re-main. And we salute the courage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this 9/11 Generation who has served to keep us safe. We are humbled and grateful for your service. 
America, for all that we’ve endured; 
for all the grit and hard work required to come back; for all the tasks that lie ahead, know this: 
The shadow of crisis has passed, and 
the state of the Union is strong. 
At this moment—with a growing 
economy, shrinking deficits, bustling industry, and booming energy produc-tion—we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other nation on Earth. It’s now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next 15 years, and for decades to come. 
Will we accept an economy where 
only a few of us do spectacularly well? Or will we commit ourselves to an economy that generates rising incomes and chances for everyone who makes the effort? 
Will we approach the world fearful 
and reactive, dragged into costly con-flicts that strain our military and set back our standing? Or will we lead wisely, using all elements of our power to defeat new threats and protect our planet? 
Will we allow ourselves to be sorted 
into factions and turned against one another—or will we recapture the sense of common purpose that has always propelled America forward? 
In two weeks, I will send this Con-
gress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan. And in the months ahead, I’ll crisscross the coun-try making a case for those ideas. 
So tonight, I want to focus less on a 
checklist of proposals, and focus more on the values at stake in the choices before us. 
It begins with our economy. Seven years ago, Rebekah and Ben 
Erler of Minneapolis were newlyweds. She waited tables. He worked construc-tion. Their first child, Jack, was on the way. 
They were young and in love in 
America, and it doesn’t get much bet-ter than that. 
‘‘If only we had known,’’ Rebekah 
wrote to me last spring, ‘‘what was about to happen to the housing and construction market.’’ 
As the crisis worsened, Ben’s busi-
ness dried up, so he took what jobs he could find, even if they kept him on the road for long stretches of time. Re-bekah took out student loans, enrolled in community college, and retrained for a new career. They sacrificed for each other. And slowly, it paid off. They bought their first home. They had a second son, Henry. Rebekah got a better job, and then a raise. Ben is back in construction—and home for dinner every night. 
‘‘It is amazing,’’ Rebekah wrote, 
‘‘what you can bounce back from when you have to . . . we are a strong, tight- 
knit family who has made it through some very, very hard times.’’ 
We are a strong, tight-knit family 
who has made it through some very, very hard times. 
America, Rebekah and Ben’s story is 
our story. They represent the millions who have worked hard, and scrimped, and sacrificed, and retooled. You are the reason I ran for this office. You’re the people I was thinking of 6 years ago today, in the darkest months of the crisis, when I stood on the steps of this Capitol and promised we would rebuild our economy on a new foundation. And it’s been your effort and resilience that has made it possible for our country to emerge stronger. 
We believed we could reverse the tide 
of outsourcing, and draw new jobs to our shores. And over the past 5 years, our businesses have created more than 11 million new jobs. 
We believed we could reduce our de-
pendence on foreign oil and protect our planet. And today, America is number one in oil and gas. America is number one in wind power. Every three weeks, we bring online as much solar power as we did in all of 2008. And thanks to lower gas prices and higher fuel stand-ards, the typical family this year should save $750 at the pump. 
We believed we could prepare our 
kids for a more competitive world. And today, our younger students have earned the highest math and reading scores on record. Our high school grad-uation rate has hit an all-time high. And more Americans finish college than ever before. 
We believed that sensible regulations 
could prevent another crisis, shield families from ruin, and encourage fair competition. Today, we have new tools to stop taxpayer-funded bailouts, and a new consumer watchdog to protect us from predatory lending and abusive credit card practices. And in the past year alone, about ten million unin-sured Americans finally gained the se-curity of health coverage. 
At every step, we were told our goals 
were misguided or too ambitious; that we would crush jobs and explode defi-cits. Instead, we’ve seen the fastest economic growth in over a decade, our deficits cut by two-thirds, a stock mar-ket that has doubled, and health care inflation at its lowest rate in 50 years. 
So the verdict is clear. Middle-class 
economics works. Expanding oppor-tunity works. And these policies will continue to work, as long as politics don’t get in the way. We can’t slow down businesses or put our economy at 
risk with Government shutdowns or fiscal showdowns. We can’t put the se-curity of families at risk by taking away their health insurance, or unrav-eling the new rules on Wall Street, or refighting past battles on immigration when we’ve got a system to fix. And if a bill comes to my desk that tries to do any of these things, it will earn my veto. 
Today, thanks to a growing economy, 
the recovery is touching more and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.048 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S278 January 20, 2015 
more lives. Wages are finally starting 
to rise again. We know that more small business owners plan to raise their em-ployees’ pay than at any time since 2007. But here’s the thing—those of us here tonight, we need to set our sights higher than just making sure Govern-ment doesn’t halt the progress we’re making. We need to do more than just do no harm. Tonight, together, let’s do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American. 
Because families like Rebekah’s still 
need our help. She and Ben are working as hard as ever, but have to forego va-cations and a new car so they can pay off student loans and save for retire-ment. Basic childcare for Jack and Henry costs more than their mortgage, and almost as much as a year at the University of Minnesota. Like millions of hardworking Americans, Rebekah isn’t asking for a handout, but she is asking that we look for more ways to help families get ahead. 
In fact, at every moment of economic 
change throughout our history, this country has taken bold action to adapt to new circumstances, and to make sure everyone gets a fair shot. We set up worker protections, Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to protect our-selves from the harshest adversity. We gave our citizens schools and colleges, infrastructure and the internet—tools they needed to go as far as their effort will take them. 
That’s what middle-class economics 
is—the idea that this country does best when everyone gets their fair shot, ev-eryone does their fair share, and every-one plays by the same set of rules. We don’t just want everyone to share in America’s success—we want everyone to contribute to our success. 
So what does middle-class economics 
require in our time? 
First—middle-class economics means 
helping working families feel more se-cure in a world of constant change. That means helping folks afford childcare, college, health care, a home, retirement—and my budget will ad-dress each of these issues, lowering the taxes of working families and putting thousands of dollars back into their pockets each year. 
Here’s one example. During World 
War II, when men like my grandfather went off to war, having women like my grandmother in the workforce was a national security priority—so this country provided universal childcare. In today’s economy, when having both parents in the workforce is an eco-nomic necessity for many families, we need affordable, high-quality childcare more than ever. It’s not a nice-to- have—it’s a must-have. It’s time we stop treating childcare as a side issue, or a women’s issue, and treat it like the national economic priority that it is for all of us. And that’s why my plan will make quality childcare more available, and more affordable, for every middle-class and low-income family with young children in Amer-ica—by creating more slots and a new 
tax cut of up to $3,000 per child, per year. 
Here’s another example. Today, we’re 
the only advanced country on Earth that doesn’t guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave to our workers. Forty-three million workers have no paid sick leave. Forty-three million. Think about that. And that forces too many parents to make the gut-wrench-ing choice between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. So I’ll be taking new action to help States adopt paid leave laws of their own. And since paid sick leave won where it was on the ballot last November, let’s put it to a vote right here in Washington. Send me a bill that gives every worker in America the opportunity to earn seven days of paid sick leave. It’s the right thing to do. 
Of course, nothing helps families 
make ends meet like higher wages. That’s why this Congress still needs to pass a law that makes sure a woman is paid the same as a man for doing the same work. Really. It’s 2015. It’s time. We still need to make sure employees get the overtime they’ve earned. And to everyone in this Congress who still refuses to raise the minimum wage, I say this: If you truly believe you could work full-time and support a family on less than $15,000 a year, go try it. If not, vote to give millions of the hard-est-working people in America a raise. 
These ideas won’t make everybody 
rich, or relieve every hardship. That’s not the job of Government. To give working families a fair shot, we’ll still need more employers to see beyond next quarter’s earnings and recognize that investing in their workforce is in their company’s long-term interest. We still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give Amer-ican workers a voice. But things like child care and sick leave and equal pay; things like lower mortgage premiums and a higher minimum wage—these ideas will make a meaningful dif-ference in the lives of millions of fami-lies. That is a fact. And that’s what all of us—Republicans and Democrats alike—were sent here to do. 
Second, to make sure folks keep 
earning higher wages down the road, we have to do more to help Americans upgrade their skills. 
America thrived in the 20th century 
because we made high school free, sent a generation of GIs to college, and trained the best workforce in the world. But in a 21st century economy that rewards knowledge like never be-fore, we need to do more. 
By the end of this decade, two in 
three job openings will require some higher education. Two in three. And yet, we still live in a country where too many bright, striving Americans are priced out of the education they need. It’s not fair to them, and it’s not smart for our future. 
That’s why I am sending this Con-
gress a bold new plan to lower the cost of community college—to zero. Forty percent of our college students 
choose community college. Some are young and starting out. Some are older and looking for a better job. Some are veterans and single parents trying to transition back into the job market. Whoever you are, this plan is your chance to graduate ready for the new economy, without a load of debt. Un-derstand, you’ve got to earn it—you’ve got to keep your grades up and grad-uate on time. Tennessee, a state with Republican leadership, and Chicago, a city with Democratic leadership, are showing that free community college is possible. I want to spread that idea all across America, so that 2 years of col-lege becomes as free and universal in America as high school is today. And I want to work with this Congress, to make sure Americans already burdened with student loans can reduce their monthly payments, so that student debt doesn’t derail anyone’s dreams. 
Thanks to Vice President B
IDEN’s 
great work to update our job training system, we’re connecting community colleges with local employers to train workers to fill high-paying jobs like coding, and nursing, and robotics. To-night, I’m also asking more businesses to follow the lead of companies like CVS and UPS, and offer more edu-cational benefits and paid apprentice-ships—opportunities that give workers the chance to earn higher-paying jobs even if they don’t have a higher edu-cation. 
And as a new generation of veterans 
comes home, we owe them every oppor-tunity to live the American Dream they helped defend. Already, we’ve made strides towards ensuring that every veteran has access to the highest quality care. We’re slashing the back-log that had too many veterans wait-ing years to get the benefits they need, and we’re making it easier for vets to translate their training and experience into civilian jobs. Joining Forces, the national campaign launched by Michelle and Jill Biden, has helped nearly 700,000 veterans and military spouses get new jobs. So to every CEO in America, let me repeat: If you want somebody who’s going to get the job done, hire a veteran. 
Finally, as we better train our work-
ers, we need the new economy to keep churning out high-wage jobs for our workers to fill. 
Since 2010, America has put more 
people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined. Our manufacturers have added almost 800,000 new jobs. Some of our bedrock sectors, like our auto in-dustry, are booming. But there are also millions of Americans who work in jobs that didn’t even exist 10 or 20 years ago—jobs at companies like Google, and eBay, and Tesla. 
So no one knows for certain which 
industries will generate the jobs of the future. But we do know we want them here in America. That’s why the third part of middle-class economics is about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.018 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S279 January 20, 2015 
building the most competitive econ-
omy anywhere, the place where busi-nesses want to locate and hire. 
Twenty-first century businesses need 
21st century infrastructure—modern ports, stronger bridges, faster trains and the fastest internet. Democrats and Republicans used to agree on this. So let’s set our sights higher than a single oil pipeline. Let’s pass a bipar-tisan infrastructure plan that could create more than thirty times as many jobs per year, and make this country stronger for decades to come. 
Twenty-first century businesses, in-
cluding small businesses, need to sell more American products overseas. Today, our businesses export more than ever, and exporters tend to pay their workers higher wages. But as we speak, China wants to write the rules for the world’s fastest-growing region. That would put our workers and busi-nesses at a disadvantage. Why would we let that happen? We should write those rules. We should level the play-ing field. That’s why I’m asking both parties to give me trade promotion au-thority to protect American workers, with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that aren’t just free, but fair. 
Look, I’m the first one to admit that 
past trade deals haven’t always lived up to the hype, and that’s why we’ve gone after countries that break the rules at our expense. But 95 percent of the world’s customers live outside our borders, and we can’t close ourselves off from those opportunities. More than half of manufacturing executives have said they’re actively looking at bringing jobs back from China. Let’s give them one more reason to get it done. 
Twenty-first century businesses will 
rely on American science, technology, research and development. I want the country that eliminated polio and mapped the human genome to lead a new era of medicine—one that delivers the right treatment at the right time, in some patients with cystic fibrosis, this approach has reversed a disease once thought unstoppable. Tonight, I’m launching a new Precision Medi-cine Initiative to bring us closer to curing diseases like cancer and diabe-tes—and to give all of us access to the personalized information we need to keep ourselves and our families healthier. 
I intend to protect a free and open 
internet, extend its reach to every classroom, and every community, and help folks build the fastest networks, so that the next generation of digital innovators and entrepreneurs have the platform to keep reshaping our world. 
I want Americans to win the race for 
the kinds of discoveries that unleash new jobs—converting sunlight into liq-uid fuel; creating revolutionary pros-thetics, so that a veteran who gave his arms for his country can play catch with his kid; pushing out into the Solar System not just to visit, but to stay. Last month, we launched a new spacecraft as part of a re-energized 
space program that will send American astronauts to Mars. In two months, to prepare us for those missions, Scott Kelly will begin a year-long stay in space. Good luck, Captain—and make sure to Instagram it. 
Now, the truth is, when it comes to 
issues like infrastructure and basic re-search, I know there’s bipartisan sup-port in this chamber. Members of both parties have told me so. Where we too often run onto the rocks is how to pay for these investments. As Americans, we don’t mind paying our fair share of taxes, as long as everybody else does, too. But for far too long, lobbyists have rigged the tax code with loopholes that let some corporations pay nothing while others pay full freight. They’ve riddled it with giveaways the superrich don’t need, denying a break to middle class families who do. 
This year, we have an opportunity to 
change that. Let’s close loopholes so we stop rewarding companies that keep profits abroad, and reward those that invest in America. Let’s use those sav-ings to rebuild our infrastructure and make it more attractive for companies to bring jobs home. Let’s simplify the system and let a small business owner file based on her actual bank state-ment, instead of the number of ac-countants she can afford. And let’s close the loopholes that lead to in-equality by allowing the top 1 percent to avoid paying taxes on their accumu-lated wealth. We can use that money to help more families pay for childcare and send their kids to college. We need a tax code that truly helps working Americans trying to get a leg up in the new economy, and we can achieve that together. 
Helping hardworking families make 
ends meet. Giving them the tools they need for good-paying jobs in this new economy. Maintaining the conditions for growth and competitiveness. This is where America needs to go. I believe it’s where the American people want to go. It will make our economy stronger a year from now, 15 years from now, and deep into the century ahead. 
Of course, if there’s one thing this 
new century has taught us, it’s that we cannot separate our work at home from challenges beyond our shores. 
My first duty as Commander in Chief 
is to defend the United States of Amer-ica. In doing so, the question is not whether America leads in the world, but how. When we make rash decisions, reacting to the headlines instead of using our heads; when the first re-sponse to a challenge is to send in our military—then we risk getting drawn into unnecessary conflicts, and neglect the broader strategy we need for a safer, more prosperous world. That’s what our enemies want us to do. 
I believe in a smarter kind of Amer-
ican leadership. We lead best when we combine military power with strong di-plomacy; when we leverage our power with coalition building; when we don’t let our fears blind us to the opportuni-ties that this new century presents. 
That’s exactly what we’re doing right now—and around the globe, it is mak-ing a difference. 
First, we stand united with people 
around the world who’ve been targeted by terrorists—from a school in Paki-stan to the streets of Paris. We will continue to hunt down terrorists and dismantle their networks, and we re-serve the right to act unilaterally, as we’ve done relentlessly since I took of-fice to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to us and our allies. 
At the same time, we’ve learned 
some costly lessons over the last 13 years. 
Instead of Americans patrolling the 
valleys of Afghanistan, we’ve trained their security forces, who’ve now taken the lead, and we’ve honored our troops’ sacrifice by supporting that country’s first democratic transition. Instead of sending large ground forces overseas, we’re partnering with nations from South Asia to North Africa to deny safe haven to terrorists who threaten America. In Iraq and Syria, American leadership—including our military power—is stopping ISIL’s advance. In-stead of getting dragged into another ground war in the Middle East, we are leading a broad coalition, including Arab nations, to degrade and ulti-mately destroy this terrorist group. We’re also supporting a moderate oppo-sition in Syria that can help us in this effort, and assisting people everywhere who stand up to the bankrupt ideology of violent extremism. This effort will take time. It will require focus. But we will succeed. And tonight, I call on this Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a res-olution to authorize the use of force against ISIL. 
Second, we are demonstrating the 
power of American strength and diplo-macy. We’re upholding the principle that bigger nations can’t bully the small—by opposing Russian aggression, supporting Ukraine’s democracy, and reassuring our NATO allies. Last year, as we were doing the hard work of im-posing sanctions along with our allies, some suggested that Mr. Putin’s ag-gression was a masterful display of strategy and strength. Well, today, it is America that stands strong and united with our allies, while Russia is isolated, with its economy in tatters. 
That’s how America leads—not with 
bluster, but with persistent, steady re-solve. 
In Cuba, we are ending a policy that 
was long past its expiration date. When what you’re doing doesn’t work for 50 years, it’s time to try something new. Our shift in Cuba policy has the poten-tial to end a legacy of mistrust in our hemisphere; removes a phony excuse for restrictions in Cuba; stands up for democratic values; and extends the hand of friendship to the Cuban people. And this year, Congress should begin the work of ending the embargo. As His Holiness, Pope Francis, has said, diplo-macy is the work of ‘‘small steps.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.019 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S280 January 20, 2015 
These small steps have added up to new 
hope for the future in Cuba. And after years in prison, we’re overjoyed that Alan Gross is back where he belongs. Welcome home, Alan. 
Our diplomacy is at work with re-
spect to Iran, where, for the first time in a decade, we’ve halted the progress of its nuclear program and reduced its stockpile of nuclear material. Between now and this spring, we have a chance to negotiate a comprehensive agree-ment that prevents a nuclear-armed Iran; secures America and our allies— including Israel; while avoiding yet an-other Middle East conflict. There are no guarantees that negotiations will succeed, and I keep all options on the table to prevent a nuclear Iran. But new sanctions passed by this Congress, at this moment in time, will all but guarantee that diplomacy fails—alien-ating America from its allies; and en-suring that Iran starts up its nuclear program again. It doesn’t make sense. That is why I will veto any new sanc-tions bill that threatens to undo this progress. The American people expect us to only go to war as a last resort, and I intend to stay true to that wis-dom. 
Third, we’re looking beyond the 
issues that have consumed us in the past to shape the coming century. 
No foreign nation, no hacker, should 
be able to shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets, or invade the privacy of American families, espe-cially our kids. We are making sure our Government integrates intelligence to combat cyber threats, just as we have done to combat terrorism. And tonight, I urge this Congress to finally pass the legislation we need to better meet the evolving threat of cyber-attacks, com-bat identity theft, and protect our chil-dren’s information. If we don’t act, we’ll leave our Nation and our econ-omy vulnerable. If we do, we can con-tinue to protect the technologies that have unleashed untold opportunities for people around the globe. 
In West Africa, our troops, our sci-
entists, our doctors, our nurses and healthcare workers are rolling back Ebola—saving countless lives and stop-ping the spread of disease. I couldn’t be prouder of them, and I thank this Con-gress for your bipartisan support of their efforts. But the job is not yet done—and the world needs to use this lesson to build a more effective global effort to prevent the spread of future pandemics, invest in smart develop-ment, and eradicate extreme poverty. 
In the Asia Pacific, we are modern-
izing alliances while making sure that other nations play by the rules—in how they trade, how they resolve maritime disputes, and how they participate in meeting common international chal-lenges like nonproliferation and dis-aster relief. And no challenge—no chal-lenge—poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change. 2014 was the planet’s warmest year on record. Now, one year doesn’t make a trend, but this does—14 of the 15 warm-est years on record have all fallen in 
the first 15 years of this century. 
I’ve heard some folks try to dodge 
the evidence by saying they’re not sci-entists; that we don’t have enough in-formation to act. Well, I’m not a sci-entist, either. But you know what—I know a lot of really good scientists at NASA, and NOAA, and at our major universities. The best scientists in the world are all telling us that our activi-ties are changing the climate, and if we 
do not act forcefully, we’ll continue to see rising oceans, longer, hotter heat waves, dangerous droughts and floods, and massive disruptions that can trig-ger greater migration, conflict, and hunger around the globe. The Pentagon says that climate change poses imme-diate risks to our national security. We should act like it. 
That’s why, over the past 6 years, 
we’ve done more than ever before to combat climate change, from the way we produce energy, to the way we use it. That’s why we’ve set aside more public lands and waters than any ad-ministration in history. And that’s why I will not let this Congress endan-ger the health of our children by turn-ing back the clock on our efforts. I am determined to make sure American leadership drives international action. In Beijing, we made an historic an-nouncement—the United States will double the pace at which we cut carbon pollution, and China committed, for the first time, to limiting their emis-sions. And because the world’s two largest economies came together, other nations are now stepping up, and offer-ing hope that, this year, the world will finally reach an agreement to protect the one planet we’ve got. 
There’s one last pillar to our leader-
ship—and that’s the example of our values. 
As Americans, we respect human dig-
nity, even when we’re threatened, which is why I’ve prohibited torture, and worked to make sure our use of new technology like drones is properly constrained. It’s why we speak out against the deplorable anti-Semitism that has resurfaced in certain parts of the world. It’s why we continue to re-ject offensive stereotypes of Muslims— the vast majority of whom share our commitment to peace. That’s why we defend free speech, and advocate for po-litical prisoners, and condemn the per-secution of women, or religious minori-ties, or people who are lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, or transgender. We do these things not only because they’re right, but because they make us safer. 
As Americans, we have a profound 
commitment to justice—so it makes no sense to spend three million dollars per prisoner to keep open a prison that the world condemns and terrorists use to recruit. Since I’ve been President, we’ve worked responsibly to cut the population of GTMO in half. Now it’s time to finish the job. And I will not relent in my determination to shut it down. It’s not who we are. 
As Americans, we cherish our civil 
liberties—and we need to uphold that commitment if we want maximum co-
operation from other countries and in-dustry in our fight against terrorist networks. So while some have moved on from the debates over our surveil-lance programs, I haven’t. As promised, our intelligence agencies have worked hard, with the recommendations of pri-vacy advocates, to increase trans-parency and build more safeguards against potential abuse. And next month, we’ll issue a report on how we’re keeping our promise to keep our country safe while strengthening pri-vacy. 
Looking to the future instead of the 
past. Making sure we match our power with diplomacy, and use force wisely. Building coalitions to meet new chal-lenges and opportunities. Leading—al-ways—with the example of our values. That’s what makes us exceptional. That’s what keeps us strong. And that’s why we must keep striving to hold ourselves to the highest of stand-ards—our own. 
You know, just over a decade ago, I 
gave a speech in Boston where I said there wasn’t a liberal America, or a conservative America; a black America or a white America—but a United States of America. I said this because I had seen it in my own life, in a nation that gave someone like me a chance; because I grew up in Hawaii, a melting pot of races and customs; because I made Illinois my home—a state of small towns, rich farmland, and one of the world’s great cities; a microcosm of the country where Democrats and Re-publicans and Independents, good peo-ple of every ethnicity and every faith, share certain bedrock values. 
Over the past 6 years, the pundits 
have pointed out more than once that my presidency hasn’t delivered on this vision. How ironic, they say, that our politics seems more divided than ever. It’s held up as proof not just of my own flaws—of which there are many—but also as proof that the vision itself is misguided, and naive, and that there are too many people in this town who actually benefit from partisanship and gridlock for us to ever do anything about it. 
I know how tempting such cynicism 
may be. But I still think the cynics are wrong. 
I still believe that we are one people. 
I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long. I believe this because over and over in my 6 years in office, I have seen America at its best. I’ve seen the hope-ful faces of young graduates from New York to California; and our newest offi-cers at West Point, Annapolis, Colo-rado Springs, and New London. I’ve mourned with grieving families in Tuc-son and Newtown; in Boston, West, Texas, and West Virginia. I’ve watched Americans beat back adversity from the Gulf Coast to the Great Plains; from Midwest assembly lines to the Mid-Atlantic seaboard. I’ve seen some-thing like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.020 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S281 January 20, 2015 
story of freedom across our country, a 
civil right now legal in States that seven in ten Americans call home. 
So I know the good, and optimistic, 
and big-hearted generosity of the American people who, every day, live the idea that we are our brother’s keeper, and our sister’s keeper. And I know they expect those of us who serve here to set a better example. 
So the question for those of us here 
tonight is how we, all of us, can better reflect America’s hopes. I’ve served in Congress with many of you. I know many of you well. There are a lot of good people here, on both sides of the aisle. And many of you have told me that this isn’t what you signed up for— arguing past each other on cable shows, the constant fundraising, al-ways looking over your shoulder at how the base will react to every deci-sion. 
Imagine if we broke out of these tired 
old patterns. Imagine if we did some-thing different. 
Understand—a better politics isn’t 
one where Democrats abandon their agenda or Republicans simply embrace mine. 
A better politics is one where we ap-
peal to each other’s basic decency in-stead of our basest fears. 
A better politics is one where we de-
bate without demonizing each other; where we talk issues, and values, and principles, and facts, rather than ‘‘gotcha’’ moments, or trivial gaffes, or fake controversies that have nothing to do with people’s daily lives. 
A better politics is one where we 
spend less time drowning in dark money for ads that pull us into the gutter, and spend more time lifting young people up, with a sense of pur-pose and possibility, and asking them to join in the great mission of building America. 
If we’re going to have arguments, 
let’s have arguments—but let’s make them debates worthy of this body and worthy of this country. 
We still may not agree on a woman’s 
right to choose, but surely we can agree it’s a good thing that teen preg-nancies and abortions are nearing all- time lows, and that every woman should have access to the health care she needs. 
Yes, passions still fly on immigra-
tion, but surely we can all see some-thing of ourselves in the striving young student, and agree that no one benefits when a hardworking mom is taken from her child, and that it’s possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of im-migrants. 
We may go at it in campaign season, 
but surely we can agree that the right to vote is sacred; that it’s being denied to too many; and that, on this 50th an-niversary of the great march from Selma to Montgomery and the passage of the Voting Rights Act, we can come together, Democrats and Republicans, to make voting easier for every single American. We may have different takes on the 
events of Ferguson and New York. But surely we can understand a father who fears his son can’t walk home without being harassed. Surely we can under-stand the wife who won’t rest until the police officer she married walks through the front door at the end of his shift. Surely we can agree it’s a good thing that for the first time in 40 years, the crime rate and the incarcer-ation rate have come down together, and use that as a starting point for Democrats and Republicans, commu-nity leaders and law enforcement, to reform America’s criminal justice sys-tem so that it protects and serves us all. 
That’s a better politics. That’s how 
we start rebuilding trust. That’s how we move this country forward. That’s what the American people want. That’s what they deserve. 
I have no more campaigns to run. My 
only agenda for the next 2 years is the same as the one I’ve had since the day I swore an oath on the steps of this Capitol—to do what I believe is best for America. If you share the broad vision I outlined tonight, join me in the work at hand. If you disagree with parts of it, I hope you’ll at least work with me where you do agree. And I commit to every Republican here tonight that I will not only seek out your ideas, I will seek to work with you to make this country stronger. 
Because I want this chamber, this 
city, to reflect the truth—that for all our blind spots and shortcomings, we are a people with the strength and gen-erosity of spirit to bridge divides, to unite in common effort, and help our neighbors, whether down the street or on the other side of the world. 
I want our actions to tell every child, 
in every neighborhood: your life mat-ters, and we are as committed to im-proving your life chances as we are for our own kids. 
I want future generations to know 
that we are a people who see our dif-ferences as a great gift, that we are a people who value the dignity and worth of every citizen—man and woman, young and old, black and white, Latino and Asian, immigrant and Native American, gay and straight, Americans with mental illness or physical dis-ability. 
I want them to grow up in a country 
that shows the world what we still know to be true: that we are still more than a collection of red States and blue States; that we are the United States of America. 
I want them to grow up in a country 
where a young mom like Rebekah can sit down and write a letter to her President with a story to sum up these past 6 years: 
‘‘It is amazing what you can bounce 
back from when you have to . . . we are a strong, tight-knit family who has made it through some very, very hard times.’’ 
My fellow Americans, we too are a 
strong, tight-knit family. We, too, have made it through some hard times. Fif-
teen years into this new century, we have picked ourselves up, dusted our-selves off, and begun again the work of remaking America. We’ve laid a new foundation. A brighter future is ours to write. Let’s begin this new chapter—to-gether—and let’s start the work right now. 
Thank you, God bless you, and God 
bless this country we love. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , January 20, 2015. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 240. An act making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–256. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Defense Pro-duction Act Annual Fund Report for Fiscal Year 2014’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–257. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Abandoned Mine Land Reclamation Program; Limited Liabil-ity for Noncoal Reclamation by Certified States and Indian Tribes’’ ((RIN1029–AC66) (Docket ID OSM–2012–0010)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 13, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–258. A communication from the Depart-
mental Privacy Officer, Office of the Sec-retary, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Privacy Act Regulations; Exemp-tion for the Insider Threat Program’’ (RIN1090–AB07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–259. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Auxil-iary Installations, Replacement Facilities, and Siting and Maintenance Regulations’’ (Docket No. RM12–11–002) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 12, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–260. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–261. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.021 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S282 January 20, 2015 
the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit Risk Re-
tention’’ (RIN1557–AD40) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–262. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold Adjustment—Final Rule’’ (RIN1557–AD90) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–263. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subordinated Debt Issued by a National Bank’’ (RIN1557– AD73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–264. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Community Re-investment Act Regulations’’ (RIN1557–AD89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 13, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–265. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Capital Rules, Liquidity Coverage Ratio: In-terim Final Revisions to Definition of Quali-fying Master Netting Agreement and Related Definitions’’ (RIN1557–AD91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–266. A communication from the Assist-
ant to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit Risk Retention’’ (RIN7100–AD70) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–267. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–268. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the continuation of the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13396 on February 7, 2006, with respect to Cote d’Ivoire; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–269. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—January 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–1) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 9, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–270. A communication from the Con-
troller, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Federal Awarding Agency Regulatory 
Implementation of Office of Management and Budget’s Uniform Administrative Re-quirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Re-quirements for Federal Awards’’ (2 CFR Part 1; 2 CFR Part 25; 2 CFR Part 170; 2 CFR Part 180; 2 CFR Part 200) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 23, 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–271. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–438, ‘‘Workers’ Compensation Statute of Limitations Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–272. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–439, ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Freedom of Information Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–273. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–441, ‘‘Business Improvement Districts Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–274. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–424, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–275. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–426, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–276. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–452, ‘‘Georgia Avenue Great Streets Neighborhood Retail Priority Area Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–277. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–442, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of the Strand Theater Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–278. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–425, ‘‘Small and Certified Business Enterprise Development and Assist-ance Waiver Certification Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–279. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–451, ‘‘Rent Control Hardship Petition Limitation Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–280. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–453, ‘‘Tenant Opportunity to Purchase Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–281. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–420, ‘‘Post-Arrest Process 
Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–282. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–423, ‘‘Sustainable Solid Waste Management Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–283. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–437, ‘‘Voter Registration Ac-cess and Modernization Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–284. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–416, ‘‘Prohibition of the Harm of Police Animals Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–285. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–565, ‘‘Legalization of Posses-sion of Minimal Amounts of Marijuana for Personal Use Initiative of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–286. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–443, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Ex-pansion Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–287. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency Response to the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Report to Congress for the pe-riod from April 1, 2014 through September 30, 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–288. A communication from the Inspec-
tor General of the Office of Personnel Man-agement, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2014 through Sep-tember 30, 2014; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–289. A communication from the Clerk 
of Court, United States Court of Federal Claims, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Court’s annual report for the year ended Sep-tember 30, 2014; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
EC–290. A communication from the Federal 
Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Of-fice, Department of Commerce, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Miscellaneous Changes to Trademark Rules of Practice and the Rules of Practice in Filings Pursuant to the Protocol Relating to the Madrid Agreement Concerning the International Registration of Marks’’ (RIN0651–AC88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–291. A communication from the Staff 
Director of the United States Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the United States Com-mission on Civil Rights renewing the charter of its federal advisory committees; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–292. A communication from the Acting 
Director of the Regulation Policy and Man-agement Office of the General Counsel, Vet-erans Health Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Caregivers Program’’ (RIN2900–AN94) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 12, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.012 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S283 January 20, 2015 
EC–293. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations. (Dayton, Ohio)’’ ((MB Docket No. 14–159) (RM–11735)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–294. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.622(i), Post-Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Television Broad-cast Stations. (Denver, Colorado)’’ ((MB Docket No. 14–179) (RM–11736)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–295. A communication from the Assist-
ant Chief Counsel for Hazmat, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Harmonization with International Standards (RRR)’’ (RIN2137– AF05) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–296. A communication from the Assist-
ant Chief Counsel for Hazmat, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pipeline Safety: Periodic Updates of Regu-latory References to Technical Standards and Miscellaneous Amendments’’ (RIN2137– AE85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–297. A communication from the Divi-
sion Chief of Regulatory Development, Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inspection, Repair, and Maintenance; Driv-er-Vehicle Inspection Report (DVIR)’’ (RIN2126–AB46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 12, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: 
S. Res. 28. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. 
LANKFORD ): 
S. 189. A bill to provide for additional safe-
guards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 190. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of imported seafood; to the Committee on 
Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 191. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins 
Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to raise the quality of career and technical education programs and to allow local eligi-ble recipients to use funding to establish high-quality career academies; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , Mr. B URR, and Mr. S AND-
ERS): 
S. 192. A bill to reauthorize the Older 
Americans Act of 1965, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Mr. E
NZI): 
S. 193. A bill to provide for the manage-
ment of certain inventoried roadless areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mr. F
RANKEN ): 
S. 194. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to clarify the rule allow-ing discharge as a nonpriority claim of gov-ernmental claims arising from the disposi-tion of farm assets under chapter 12 bank-ruptcies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. V
ITTER , 
and Mr. T OOMEY ): 
S. 195. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve and expand Coverdell education savings accounts; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. REID: 
S. 196. A bill to provide for the withdrawal 
of certain Federal land in Garden Valley, Ne-vada; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. 
CASEY ): 
S. 197. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to improve delivery of high- quality assessments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 198. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relat-ing to inverted corporations; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. REID: 
S. 199. A bill to establish the Gold Butte 
National Conservation Area in Clark County, Nevada, in order to conserve, protect, and enhance the cultural, archaeological, nat-ural, wilderness, scientific, geological, his-torical, biological, wildlife, educational, and scenic resources of the area, to designate wilderness area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. THUNE: 
S. Res. 28. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation; from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. B URR): 
S. Res. 29. A resolution condemning the 
terrorist attacks in Paris, offering condo-lences to the families of the victims, express-ing solidarity with the people of France, and reaffirming fundamental freedom of expres-sion; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
ENZI, Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. V ITTER , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. J OHN-
SON, and Ms. A YOTTE ): 
S. Res. 30. A resolution designating the 
week of January 25 through January 31, 2015, as ‘‘National School Choice Week’’ ; consid-ered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 12 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 12, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 30, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the def-inition of full-time employee for pur-poses of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 105 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 105, a bill to permit management of the red snapper by Gulf Coast States and for other purposes. 
S. 117 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
117, a bill to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, to relocate to Jeru-salem the United States Embassy in Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 123 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 123, a bill to prevent a tax-payer bailout of health insurance issuers. 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from 
Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ), the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.013 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S284 January 20, 2015 
Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ), the Senator 
from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ), the Sen-
ator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the Sen-
ator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) and the 
Senator from Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 149, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 165 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), the Senator from 
Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ), the Senator 
from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) and the Senator 
from Iowa (Mrs. E RNST ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 165, a bill to extend and enhance prohibitions and limita-tions with respect to the transfer or re-lease of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from North 
Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 167, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide for the conduct of annual evalua-tions of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ) and the 
Senator from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 167, supra. 
S. 184 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 184, a bill to amend the Indian Child Protection and Family Vi-olence Prevention Act to require back-ground checks before foster care place-ments are ordered in tribal court pro-ceedings, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 26 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 26, a resolution com-mending Pope Francis for his leader-ship in helping to secure the release of Alan Gross and for working with the Governments of the United States and Cuba to achieve a more positive rela-tionship. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 3 pro-posed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 17 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 23 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 24 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 26 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ) and the Sen-
ator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 27 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 28 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 29 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 44 intended to be pro-posed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Ohio 
(Mr. B ROWN ) were added as cosponsors 
of amendment No. 49 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself 
and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 194. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to clarify the rule allowing discharge as a nonpriority claim of governmental claims arising from the disposition of farm assets 
under chapter 12 bankruptcies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce, along with Senator F
RANKEN , the Family Farmer Bank-
ruptcy Clarification Act of 2015. I thank Senator F
RANKEN for his work 
on this bill and for his support. We in-troduced identical legislation in the 
113th Congress and similar legislation in the 112 Congress. Unfortunately, the Senate has never had the opportunity to consider these bills and the problem we seek to correct. 
This bipartisan bill addresses the 2012 
United States Supreme Court case Hall v. United States. In a 5–4 decision, the Supreme Court ruled that a provision I inserted into the 2005 Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Pro-tection Act didn’t accomplish what we in Congress intended. The Family Farmer Bankruptcy Clarification Act of 2015 corrects this and clarifies that bankrupt family farmers reorganizing their debts are able to treat capital gains taxes owed to a governmental unit, arising from the sale of farm as-sets during a bankruptcy, as general unsecured claims. This bill will remove the Internal Revenue Service’s veto power over a bankruptcy reorganiza-tion plan’s confirmation, giving the family farmer a chance to reorganize successfully. 
In 1986 Congress enacted Chapter 12 
of the Bankruptcy Code to provide a specialized bankruptcy process for fam-ily farmers. In 2005 Chapter 12 was made permanent. Between 1986 and 2005 we learned what aspects worked and didn’t work for family farmers reorga-nizing in bankruptcy. One problematic area was where a family farmer needed to sell assets in order to generate cash for the reorganization. Specifically, a family farmer would have to sell por-tions of the farm to generate cash to fund a reorganization plan so that the creditors could receive payment. Un-fortunately, in situations like this, the family farmer is selling land that has been owned for a very long time, with a very low cost basis. Thus, when the land is sold, the family farmer is hit with a substantial capital gains tax, which is owed to the Internal Revenue Service. 
Under the Bankruptcy Code, taxes 
owed to the Internal Revenue Service receive priority treatment. Holders of priority claims must receive payment in full, unless the claim holder agrees to be treated differently. This creates problems for the family farmer who needs the cash to pay creditors to reor-ganize. However, since the Internal Revenue Service has the ability to re-quire full payment, they hold veto power over a plan’s confirmation, which means in many instances the plan will not be confirmed. This does not make sense if the goal is to give the family farmer a fresh start. Thus, in 2005 Congress said that in these lim-ited situations, the taxes owed to the Internal Revenue Service would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.015 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S285 January 20, 2015 
stripped of their priority and treated as 
general unsecured debt. This removed the government’s veto power over plan confirmation and paved the way for family farmers to reorganize. 
Unfortunately, in Hall v. United 
States, the Supreme Court ruled that despite Congress’s express goal of help-ing family farmers, the language in-serted into the Bankruptcy Code in 2005 conflicted with the Tax Code. The Hall case was one of statutory inter-pretation. There is no question what Congress was trying to do; rather, did 
Congress use the correct language? My goal, along with others at the time, was to relieve family farmers from having their reorganization plans fail because of huge tax liabilities to the Federal Government. Justice Breyer noted this in the dissent: ‘‘Congress was concerned about the effect on the farmer of collecting capital gains tax debts that arose during (and were con-nected with) the Chapter 12 pro-ceedings themselves. . . . The majority does not deny the importance of Con-gress’ objective. Rather, it feels com-pelled to hold that Congress put the Amendment in the wrong place.’’ Hall v. United States, 132 S.Ct. 1882, 1897, 2012. 
As a result of the Hall case, family 
farmers facing bankruptcy now find themselves caught in a tough spot. The rules have now been changed and must be corrected in order to provide cer-tainty and clarity in the law. The Fam-ily Farmer Bankruptcy Clarification Act of 2015 will provide the clarity needed to help family farmers. 
This bill adds a new section 1232 to 
title 11 of the United States Code. This new section, along with other con-forming changes to the Bankruptcy Code, gives guidance and certainty to debtors, practitioners, and courts as to how these claims are to be treated dur-ing bankruptcy. I am pleased that the bill we are introducing today will help family farmers who are facing hard times. The Family Farmer Bankruptcy Clarification Act of 2015 ensures that what Congress sought to do in 2005 ac-tually occurs. In the wake of the Hall decision, this bill is needed in order to help family farmers reorganize success-fully. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 194 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Family 
Farmer Bankruptcy Clarification Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF RULE ALLOWING DIS-
CHARGE TO GOVERNMENTAL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE DIS-POSITION OF FARM ASSETS UNDER CHAPTER 12 BANKRUPTCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1232. Claim by a governmental unit based 
on the disposition of property used in a farming operation 
‘‘(a) Any unsecured claim of a govern-
mental unit against the debtor or the estate that arises before the filing of the petition, or that arises after the filing of the petition and before the debtor’s discharge under sec-tion 1228, as a result of the sale, transfer, ex-change, or other disposition of any property used in the debtor’s farming operation— 
‘‘(1) shall be treated as an unsecured claim 
arising before the date on which the petition is filed; 
‘‘(2) shall not be entitled to priority under 
section 507; 
‘‘(3) shall be provided for under a plan; and ‘‘(4) shall be discharged in accordance with 
section 1228. 
‘‘(b) For purposes of applying sections 
1225(a)(4), 1228(b)(2), and 1229(b)(1) to a claim described in subsection (a) of this section, the amount that would be paid on such claim if the estate of the debtor were liquidated in a case under chapter 7 of this title shall be the amount that would be paid by the estate in a chapter 7 case if the claim were an unse-cured claim arising before the date on which the petition was filed and were not entitled 
to priority under section 507. 
‘‘(c) For purposes of applying sections 
523(a), 1228(a)(2), and 1228(c)(2) to a claim de-scribed in subsection (a) of this section, the claim shall not be treated as a claim of a kind specified in section 523(a)(1). 
‘‘(d)(1) A governmental unit may file a 
proof of claim for a claim described in sub-section (a) that arises after the date on which the petition is filed. 
‘‘(2) If a debtor files a tax return after the 
filing of the petition for a period in which a claim described in subsection (a) arises, and the claim relates to the tax return, the debt-or shall serve notice of the claim on the gov-ernmental unit charged with the responsi-bility for the collection of the tax at the ad-dress and in the manner designated in sec-tion 505(b)(1). Notice under this paragraph shall state that the debtor has filed a peti-tion under this chapter, state the name and location of the court in which the case under this chapter is pending, state the amount of the claim, and include a copy of the filed tax return and documentation supporting the calculation of the claim. 
‘‘(3) If notice of a claim has been served on 
the governmental unit in accordance with paragraph (2), the governmental unit may file a proof of claim not later than 180 days after the date on which such notice was served. If the governmental unit has not filed a timely proof of the claim, the debtor or trustee may file proof of the claim that is consistent with the notice served under para-graph (2). If a proof of claim is filed by the debtor or trustee under this paragraph, the governmental unit may not amend the proof of claim. 
‘‘(4) A claim filed under this subsection 
shall be determined and shall be allowed under subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 502, or disallowed under subsection (d) or (e) of section 502, in the same manner as if the claim had arisen immediately before the date of the filing of the petition.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
12 of title 11, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(A) in section 1222(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘unless—’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘the holder’’ and inserting ‘‘unless the holder’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(iii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) subject to section 1232, provide for the 
treatment of any claim by a governmental unit of a kind described in section 1232(a).’’; 
(B) in section 1228— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (aa) by inserting a comma after ‘‘all debts 
provided for by the plan’’; and 
(bb) by inserting a comma after ‘‘allowed 
under section 503 of this title’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the 
kind’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a kind specified in section 523(a) of this title, except as provided in section 1232(c).’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘, ex-
cept as provided in section 1232(c)’’ before the period at the end; and 
(C) in section 1229(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) provide for the payment of a claim de-
scribed in section 1232(a) that arose after the date on which the petition was filed.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘1232. Claim by a governmental unit based 
on the disposition of property used in a farming operation.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to any bankruptcy case that— 
(1) is pending on the date of enactment of 
this Act and relating to which an order of discharge under section 1228 of title 11, United States Code, has not been entered; or 
(2) commences on or after the date of en-
actment of this Act. 
By Mr. REID: 
S. 196. A bill to provide for the with-
drawal of certain Federal land in Gar-den Valley, Nevada; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 196 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Garden Val-
ley Withdrawal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. GARDEN VALLEY, NEVADA, WITHDRAWAL. 
Subject to valid existing rights in exist-
ence on the date of enactment of this Act, the approximately 805,100 acres of Federal land generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Garden Valley Withdrawal Area’’ and dated July 11, 2014, is withdrawn from— 
(1) entry, appropriation, and disposal under 
the public land laws; 
(2) location, entry, and patent under the 
mining laws; and 
(3) operation of the mineral leasing, min-
eral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
REED, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. 
WARREN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and 
Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 198. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JA6.030 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S286 January 20, 2015 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 198 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Cor-
porate Inversions Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELATING TO 
INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
7874 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate 
foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or 
‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-
mestic corporation. 
‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For 
purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— 
‘‘(A) the entity completes after May 8, 2014, 
the direct or indirect acquisition of— 
‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held 
directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or 
‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or 
substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and 
‘‘(B) after the acquisition, either— 
‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the stock (by 
vote or value) of the entity is held— 
‘‘(I) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or 
‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with re-
spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership, or 
‘‘(ii) the management and control of the 
expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, pri-marily within the United States, and such expanded affiliated group has significant do-mestic business activities. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-
poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on May 8, 2014, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) M
ANAGEMENT AND CONTROL .—For pur-
poses of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe regulations for purposes of deter-mining cases in which the management and control of an expanded affiliated group is to be treated as occurring, directly or indi-rectly, primarily within the United States. The regulations prescribed under the pre-ceding sentence shall apply to periods after May 8, 2014. 
‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE OFFICERS AND SENIOR MAN -
AGEMENT .—Such regulations shall provide 
that the management and control of an ex-panded affiliated group shall be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States if substantially all of the executive officers and senior manage-ment of the expanded affiliated group who exercise day-to-day responsibility for mak-ing decisions involving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the expanded af-filiated group are based or primarily located within the United States. Individuals who in fact exercise such day-to-day responsibilities shall be treated as executive officers and senior management regardless of their title. 
‘‘(5) S
IGNIFICANT DOMESTIC BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii), 
an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— 
‘‘(A) the employees of the group are based 
in the United States, 
‘‘(B) the employee compensation incurred 
by the group is incurred with respect to em-ployees based in the United States, 
‘‘(C) the assets of the group are located in 
the United States, or 
‘‘(D) the income of the group is derived in 
the United States, 
determined in the same manner as such de-
terminations are made for purposes of deter-mining substantial business activities under regulations referred to in paragraph (3) as in effect on May 8, 2014, but applied by treating all references in such regulations to ‘foreign country’ and ‘relevant foreign country’ as references to ‘the United States’. The Sec-retary may issue regulations decreasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute significant domestic business activities for purposes of this para-graph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 9, 2014,’’. 
(2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)(i)’’, and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after 
‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B), 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
(b)(2)(B)(i), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’, 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)(i)’’, and 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-
verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
By Mr. REID: 
S. 199. A bill to establish the Gold 
Butte National Conservation Area in Clark County, Nevada, in order to con-serve, protect, and enhance the cul-tural, archaeological, natural, wilder-ness, scientific, geological, historical, biological, wildlife, educational, and scenic resources of the area, to des-
ignate wilderness area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 199 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Gold Butte National Conservation Area Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Findings. Sec. 3. Definitions. 
TITLE I—GOLD BUTTE NATIONAL 
CONSERVATION AREA 
Sec. 101. Establishment of Gold Butte Na-
tional Conservation Area. 
Sec. 102. Management of Conservation Area. Sec. 103. General provisions. Sec. 104. Gold Butte National Conservation 
Area Advisory Council. 
TITLE II—DESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS 
AREAS IN CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA 
Sec. 201. Findings. 
Sec. 202. Additions to National Wilderness 
Preservation System. 
Sec. 203. Administration. Sec. 204. Adjacent management. Sec. 205. Military, law enforcement, and 
emergency overflights. 
Sec. 206. Release of wilderness study areas. Sec. 207. Native American cultural and reli-
gious uses. 
Sec. 208. Wildlife management. Sec. 209. Wildfire, insect, and disease man-
agement. 
Sec. 210. Climatological data collection. Sec. 211. National Park System land. 
TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 301. Relationship to Clark County 
Multi-Species Habitat Con-servation Plan. 
Sec. 302. Visitor center, research, and inter-
pretation. 
Sec. 303. Termination of withdrawal of Bu-
reau of Land Management land. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the public land in southeastern Nevada 
generally known as ‘‘Gold Butte’’ is recog-nized for outstanding— 
(A) scenic values; (B) natural resources, including critical 
habitat, sensitive species, wildlife, desert tortoise habitat, and geology; 
(C) historic resources, including historic 
mining, ranching and other western cultures, and pioneer activities; and 
(D) cultural resources, including evidence 
of prehistoric habitation and rock art; 
(2) Gold Butte has become a destination for 
diverse recreation opportunities, including camping, hiking, hunting, motorized recre-ation, and sightseeing; 
(3) Gold Butte draws visitors from through-
out the United States; 
(4) Gold Butte provides important eco-
nomic benefits to Mesquite and other nearby communities; 
(5) inclusion of the Gold Butte National 
Conservation Area in the National Land-scape Conservation System would provide in-creased opportunities for— 
(A) interpretation of the diverse values of 
the area for the visiting public; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.025 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S287 January 20, 2015 
(B) education and community outreach in 
the region; and 
(6) designation of Gold Butte as a National 
Conservation Area will permanently protect the scenic, biological, natural, historical, scientific, paleontological, recreational, eco-logical, wilderness, and cultural resources within the area. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Advi-
sory Council’’ means the Gold Butte Na-tional Conservation Area Advisory Council established under section 104(a). 
(2) C
ONSERVATION AREA .—The term ‘‘Con-
servation Area’’ means the Gold Butte Na-tional Conservation Area established by sec-tion 101(a). 
(3) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means 
Clark County, Nevada. 
(4) D ESIGNATED ROUTE .—The term ‘‘des-
ignated route’’ means a road that is des-ignated as open by the Route Designations for Selected Areas of Critical Environmental Concern Located in the Northeast Portion of the Las Vegas BLM District Environmental Assessment, NV–052–2006–0433. 
(5) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘man-
agement plan’’ means the management plan for the Conservation Area developed under section 102(b). 
(6) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map 
entitled ‘‘Gold Butte National Conservation Area’’ and dated May 23, 2013. 
(7) P
UBLIC LAND .—The term ‘‘public land’’ 
has the meaning given the term ‘‘public lands’’ in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702). 
(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(9) S TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of Nevada. 
(10) W ILDERNESS AREA .—The term ‘‘wilder-
ness area’’ means a wilderness areas des-ignated by section 202(a). 
TITLE I—GOLD BUTTE NATIONAL 
CONSERVATION AREA 
SEC. 101. ESTABLISHMENT OF GOLD BUTTE NA-
TIONAL CONSERVATION AREA. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the Gold Butte National Conservation Area in the State. 
(b) A
REA INCLUDED .—The Conservation 
Area shall consist of approximately 348,515 acres of public land administered by the Bu-reau of Land Management in the County, as generally depicted on the Map. 
(c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal descrip-tion of the Conservation Area with the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
(2) E
FFECT .—The map and legal description 
prepared under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct minor errors in the map or legal description. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—A copy of the 
map and legal description shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment and the National Park Service. 
SEC. 102. MANAGEMENT OF CONSERVATION 
AREA. 
(a) P URPOSES .—In accordance with this 
title, the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), and other applicable laws, the Secretary shall manage the Conservation Area in a manner that conserves, protects, and enhances the scenic, biological, natural, historical, sci-entific, paleontological, recreational, eco-logical, wilderness, and cultural resources of the Conservation Area. (b) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN.— 
(1) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop a management plan for the long-term protection and manage-ment of the Conservation Area. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
prepare the management plan in consulta-tion with the State, local and tribal govern-ment entities, the Advisory Council, and the public. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The management plan 
shall— 
(A) describe the appropriate uses and man-
agement of the Conservation Area; and 
(B) include a recommendation on interpre-
tive and educational materials regarding the cultural and biological resources of the re-gion within which the Conservation Area is located. 
(4) I
NCORPORATION OF ROUTE DESIGNA -
TIONS .—The management plan shall incor-
porate the decisions in the Route Designa-tions for Selected Areas of Critical Environ-mental Concern Located in the Northeast Portion of the Las Vegas BLM District Envi-ronmental Assessment, NV–052–2006–0433. 
(c) U
SES.—The Secretary shall allow only 
such uses of the Conservation Area that the Secretary determines would further the pur-pose of the Conservation Area described in subsection (a). 
(d) I
NCORPORATION OF ACQUIRED LAND AND  
INTERESTS .—Any land or interests in land lo-
cated within the boundary of the Conserva-tion Area that is acquired by the United States after the date of enactment of this Act shall become part of the Conservation Area and be managed as provided in sub-section (a). 
(e) M
OTORIZED VEHICLES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except in cases in which 
motorized vehicles are needed for adminis-trative purposes or to respond to an emer-gency, the use of motorized vehicles shall be permitted only on designated routes. 
(2) M
ONITORING AND EVALUATION .—The Sec-
retary shall annually— 
(A) assess the effects of the use of motor-
ized vehicles on designated routes; and 
(B) in consultation with the Nevada De-
partment of Wildlife, assess the effects of designated routes on wildlife and wildlife habitat to minimize environmental impacts and prevent damage to cultural and histor-ical resources from the use of designated routes. 
(3) M
ANAGEMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall man-
age designated routes in a manner that— 
(i) is consistent with motorized and mecha-
nized use of the designated routes that is au-thorized on the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(ii) ensures the safety of the people that 
use the designated routes; 
(iii) does not damage sensitive habitat or 
cultural or historical resources; and 
(iv) provides for adaptive management of 
resources and restoration of damaged habi-tat or resources. 
(B) R
EROUTING .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—A designated route may be 
temporarily closed or rerouted if the Sec-retary, in consultation with the State, the County, and the Advisory Council, subject to subparagraph (C), determines that— 
(I) the designated route is having an ad-
verse impact on— 
(aa) sensitive habitat; (bb) natural resources; (cc) cultural resources; or (dd) historical resources; (II) the designated route threatens public 
safety; 
(III) temporary closure of the designated 
route is necessary to repair— 
(aa) the designated route; or (bb) resource damage; or 
(IV) modification of the designated route 
would not significantly affect access within the Conservation Area. 
(ii) P
RIORITY .—If the Secretary determines 
that the rerouting of a designated route is necessary under clause (i), the Secretary may give priority to existing roads des-ignated as closed. 
(iii) D
URATION .—A designated route that is 
temporarily closed under clause (i) shall re-main closed only until the date on which the resource or public safety issue that led to the temporary closure has been resolved. 
(C) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall provide 
information to the public regarding any des-ignated routes that are open, have been re-routed, or are temporarily closed through— 
(i) use of appropriate signage within the 
Conservation Area; and 
(ii) the distribution of maps, safety edu-
cation materials, law enforcement, and other information considered to be appropriate by the Secretary. 
(4) N
O EFFECT ON NON -FEDERAL LAND OR IN -
TERESTS IN NON -FEDERAL LAND .—Nothing in 
this section affects ownership, management, or other rights relating to non-Federal land or interests in non-Federal land. 
(5) M
AP ON FILE .—The Secretary shall keep 
a current map on file at the appropriate of-fices of the Bureau of Land Management. 
(6) R
OAD CONSTRUCTION .—Except as nec-
essary for administrative purposes or to re-spond to an emergency, the Secretary shall not construct any permanent or temporary road within the Conservation Area after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(f) N
ATIONAL LANDSCAPE CONSERVATION  
SYSTEM .—The Conservation Area shall be ad-
ministered as a component of the National Landscape Conservation System. 
(g) H
UNTING , F ISHING , AND TRAPPING .— 
Nothing in this title affects the jurisdiction of the State with respect to fish and wildlife, including hunting, fishing, and trapping in the Conservation Area. 
SEC. 103. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) N OBUFFER ZONES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The establishment of the 
Conservation Area shall not create an ex-press or implied protective perimeter or buff-er zone around the Conservation Area. 
(2) P
RIVATE LAND .—If the use of, or conduct 
of an activity on, private land that shares a boundary with the Conservation Area is con-sistent with applicable law, nothing in this title concerning the establishment of the Conservation Area prohibits or limits the use or conduct of the activity. 
(b) W
ITHDRAWALS .—Subject to valid exist-
ing rights, all public land within the Con-servation Area, including any land or inter-est in land that is acquired by the United States within the Conservation Area after the date of enactment of this Act, is with-
drawn from— 
(1) entry, appropriation or disposal under 
the public land laws; 
(2) location, entry, and patent under the 
mining laws; and 
(3) operation of the mineral leasing, min-
eral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. 
(c) S
PECIAL MANAGEMENT AREAS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The establishment of the 
Conservation Area shall not affect the man-agement status of any area within the boundary of the Conservation Area that is protected under the Clark County Multi-Spe-cies Habitat Conservation Plan. 
(2) C
ONFLICT OF LAWS .—If there is a conflict 
between the laws applicable to an area de-scribed in paragraph (1) and this title, the more restrictive provision shall control. 
SEC. 104. GOLD BUTTE NATIONAL CONSERVA-
TION AREA ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.028 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S288 January 20, 2015 
the Secretary shall establish an advisory 
council, to be known as the ‘‘Gold Butte Na-tional Conservation Area Advisory Council’’. 
(b) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Council shall 
advise the Secretary with respect to the preparation and implementation of the man-agement plan. 
(c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The Advisory Coun-
cil shall be subject to— 
(1) the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 
U.S.C. App.); and 
(2) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-
ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
(d) M EMBERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Council 
shall include 13 members to be appointed by the Secretary, of whom, to the extent prac-ticable— 
(A) 4 members shall be appointed after con-
sidering the recommendations of the Mes-quite, Nevada, City Council; 
(B) 1 member shall be appointed after con-
sidering the recommendations of the Bunkerville, Nevada, Town Advisory Board; 
(C) 1 member shall be appointed after con-
sidering the recommendations of the Moapa Valley, Nevada, Town Advisory Board; 
(D) 1 member shall be appointed after con-
sidering the recommendations of the Moapa, Nevada, Town Advisory Board; 
(E) 1 member shall be appointed after con-
sidering the recommendations of the Moapa Band of Paiutes Tribal Council; and 
(F) 5 at-large members from the County 
shall be appointed after considering the rec-ommendations of the County Commission. 
(2) S
PECIAL APPOINTMENT CONSIDER -
ATIONS .—The at-large members appointed 
under paragraph (1)(F) shall have back-grounds that reflect— 
(A) the purposes for which the Conserva-
tion Area was established; and 
(B) the interests of persons affected by the 
planning and management of the Conserva-tion Area. 
(3) R
EPRESENTATION .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the membership of the Advisory Council is fairly balanced in terms of the points of view represented and the functions to be performed by the Advisory Council. 
(4) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall appoint the initial members of the Advisory Council in accord-ance with paragraph (1). 
(e) D
UTIES OF THE ADVISORY COUNCIL .—The 
Advisory Council shall advise the Secretary with respect to the preparation and imple-mentation of the management plan, includ-ing budgetary matters relating to the Con-servation Area. 
(f) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Advi-
sory Council shall receive no compensation for serving on the Advisory Council. 
(g) C
HAIRPERSON .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Advisory Council 
shall elect a Chairperson from among the members of the Advisory Council. 
(2) T
ERM.—The term of the Chairperson 
shall be 3 years. 
(h) T ERM OF MEMBERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The term of a member of 
the Advisory Council shall be 3 years. 
(2) S UCCESSORS .—Notwithstanding the ex-
piration of a 3-year term of a member of the Advisory Council, a member may continue to serve on the Advisory Council until a suc-cessor is appointed. 
(i) V
ACANCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A vacancy on the Advi-
sory Council shall be filled in the same man-ner in which the original appointment was made. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT FOR REMAINDER OF TERM .— 
A member appointed to fill a vacancy on the Advisory Council shall serve for the remain-der of the term for which the predecessor was appointed. (j) T
ERMINATION .—The Advisory Council 
shall terminate not later than 3 years after the date on which the final version of the management plan is published. 
TITLE II—DESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS 
AREAS IN CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA 
SEC. 201. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) public land administered by the Bureau 
of Land Management, Bureau of Reclama-tion, and National Park Service in the Coun-ty contains unique and spectacular natural, cultural, and historical resources, includ-ing— 
(A) priceless habitat for numerous species 
of plants and wildlife; 
(B) thousands of acres of land that remain 
in a natural state; and 
(C) numerous sites containing significant 
cultural and historical artifacts; and 
(2) continued preservation of the public 
land would benefit the County and all of the United States by— 
(A) ensuring the conservation of eco-
logically diverse habitat; 
(B) protecting prehistoric cultural re-
sources; 
(C) conserving primitive recreational re-
sources; and 
(D) protecting air and water quality. 
SEC. 202. ADDITIONS TO NATIONAL WILDERNESS 
PRESERVATION SYSTEM. 
(a) A DDITIONS .—In furtherance of the Wil-
derness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the fol-lowing public land administered by the Na-tional Park Service or the Bureau of Land Management in the County is designated as wilderness and as components of the Na-tional Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) V
IRGIN PEAK WILDERNESS .—Certain pub-
lic land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 18,296 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Virgin Peak Wilderness’’. 
(2) B
LACK RIDGE WILDERNESS .—Certain pub-
lic land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 18,192 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Black Ridge Wilderness’’. 
(3) B
ITTER RIDGE NORTH WILDERNESS .—Cer-
tain public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management comprising approxi-mately 15,114 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Bit-ter Ridge North Wilderness’’. 
(4) B
ITTER RIDGE SOUTH WILDERNESS .—Cer-
tain public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approxi-mately 12,646 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Bit-ter Ridge Wilderness’’. 
(5) B
ILLY GOAT PEAK WILDERNESS .—Certain 
public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 30,460 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Billy Goat Peak Wilderness’’. 
(6) M
ILLION HILLS WILDERNESS .—Certain 
public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approximately 24,818 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Million Hills Wilderness’’. 
(7) O
VERTON WILDERNESS .—Certain Federal 
land within the Lake Mead National Recre-ation Area, comprising approximately 23,227 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Overton Wil-derness’’. 
(8) T
WIN SPRINGS WILDERNESS .—Certain 
Federal land within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area, comprising approximately 9,684 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Twin Springs Wilderness’’. (9) S
CANLON WASH WILDERNESS .—Certain 
Federal land within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area, comprising approximately 22,826 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Scanlon Wash Wilderness’’. 
(10) H
ILLER MOUNTAINS WILDERNESS .—Cer-
tain Federal land within the Lake Mead Na-tional Recreation Area, comprising approxi-mately 14,832 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Hiller Mountains Wilderness’’. 
(11) H
ELL’S KITCHEN WILDERNESS .—Certain 
Federal land within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area, comprising approximately 12,439 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Hell’s Kitchen Wilderness’’. 
(12) I
NDIAN HILLS WILDERNESS .—Certain 
Federal land within the Lake Mead National Recreation Area, comprising approximately 8,955 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which shall be known as the ‘‘Indian Hills Wilderness’’. 
(13) L
IME CANYON WILDERNESS ADDITIONS .— 
Certain public land managed by the Bureau of Land Management, comprising approxi-mately 10,069 acres, as generally depicted on the Map, which is incorporated in, and shall be managed as part of, the ‘‘Lime Canyon Wilderness’’ designated by section 202(a)(9) of the Clark County Conservation of Public Land and Natural Resources Act of 2002 (16 U.S.C. 1132 note; Public Law 107–282). 
(b) N
ATIONAL LANDSCAPE CONSERVATION  
SYSTEM .—The wilderness areas administered 
by the Bureau of Land Management shall be 
administered as components of the National Landscape Conservation System. 
(c) R
OAD OFFSET .—The boundary of any 
portion of a wilderness area that is bordered by a road shall be at least 100 feet away from the centerline of the road so as not to inter-fere with public access. 
(d) L
AKE OFFSET .—The boundary of any 
portion of a wilderness area that is bordered by Lake Mead or the Colorado River shall be 300 feet inland from the high water line. 
(e) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal descrip-tion of each wilderness area with the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
(2) E
FFECT .—Each map and legal descrip-
tion under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct cler-ical and typographical errors in the map or legal description. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Each map and legal de-
scription under paragraph (1) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the ap-propriate offices of the Bureau of Land Man-agement and the National Park Service. 
SEC. 203. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) M ANAGEMENT .—Subject to valid exist-
ing rights, the wilderness areas shall be ad-ministered by the Secretary in accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that— 
(1) any reference in that Act to the effec-
tive date of that Act shall be considered to be a reference to the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) any reference in that Act to the Sec-
retary of Agriculture shall be considered to be a reference to the Secretary. 
(b) I
NCORPORATION OF ACQUIRED LAND AND  
INTERESTS .—Any land or interest in land 
within the boundaries of a wilderness area that is acquired by the United States after the date of enactment of this Act shall be added to, and administered as part of, the wilderness area within which the acquired land or interest is located. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.028 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S289 January 20, 2015 
(c) W ATER RIGHTS .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) the land designated as a wilderness 
area— 
(i) is within the Mojave Desert; (ii) is arid in nature; and (iii) includes ephemeral streams; (B) the hydrology of the land designated as 
a wilderness area is locally characterized by complex flow patterns and alluvial fans with impermanent channels; 
(C) the subsurface hydrogeology of the re-
gion within which the land designated as a wilderness area is located is characterized by ground water subject to local and regional flow gradients and artesian aquifers; 
(D) the land designated as a wilderness 
area is generally not suitable for use or de-velopment of new water resource facilities; 
(E) there are no actual or proposed water 
resource facilities and no opportunities for diversion, storage, or other uses of water oc-curring outside the land designated as a wil-derness area that would adversely affect the wilderness or other values of the land; and 
(F) because of the unique nature and hy-
drology of the desert land designated as a wilderness area and the existence of the Clark County Multi-Species Habitat Con-servation Plan, it is possible to provide for proper management and protection of the wilderness, perennial springs, and other val-ues of the land in ways different than the methods used in other laws. 
(2) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .— 
(A) N O RESERVATION .—Nothing in this title 
constitutes an express or implied reservation by the United States of any water or water rights with respect to the land designated as a wilderness area. 
(B) S
TATE RIGHTS .—Nothing in this title af-
fects any water rights in the State existing on the date of enactment of this Act, includ-ing any water rights held by the United States. 
(C) N
O PRECEDENT .—Nothing in this sub-
section establishes a precedent with regard to any future wilderness designations. 
(D) N
O EFFECT ON COMPACTS .—Nothing in 
this title limits, alters, modifies, or amends any of the interstate compacts or equitable apportionment decrees that apportion water among and between the State and other States. 
(E) C
LARK COUNTY MULTI -SPECIES HABITAT  
CONSERVATION PLAN .—Nothing in this title 
limits, alters, modifies, or amends the Clark County Multi-Species Habitat Conservation Plan with respect to the land designated as a wilderness area, including specific manage-ment actions for the conservation of peren-
nial springs. 
(3) N
EVADA WATER LAW .—The Secretary 
shall follow the procedural and substantive requirements of State law in order to obtain and hold any water rights not in existence on the date of enactment of this Act with re-spect to the land designated as a wilderness area. 
(4) N
EW PROJECTS .— 
(A) D EFINITION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘water resource facility’’ means irriga-tion and pumping facilities, reservoirs, water conservation works, aqueducts, canals, ditches, pipelines, wells, hydropower projects, and transmission and other ancil-lary facilities, and other water diversion, storage, and carriage structures. 
(ii) E
XCLUSION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘water resource facility’’ does not in-clude wildlife guzzlers. 
(B) N
O LICENSES OR PERMITS .—Except as 
otherwise provided in this title, on and after the date of enactment of this Act, neither the President nor any other officer, em-ployee, or agent of the United States shall fund, assist, authorize, or issue a license or permit for the development of any new water 
resource facility within the land designated as a wilderness area. 
(d) W
ITHDRAWAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, any Federal land within the wilder-ness areas, including any land or interest in land that is acquired by the United States within the Conservation Area after the date of enactment of this Act, is withdrawn from— 
(1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under 
the public land laws; 
(2) location, entry, and patent under the 
mining laws; and 
(3) operation of the mineral leasing, min-
eral materials, and geothermal leasing laws. 
SEC. 204. ADJACENT MANAGEMENT. 
(a) N OBUFFER ZONES .—Congress does not 
intend for the designation of land as wilder-ness areas to lead to the creation of protec-tive perimeters or buffer zones around the wilderness areas. 
(b) N
ONWILDERNESS ACTIVITIES .—The fact 
that nonwilderness activities or uses can be seen or heard from areas within a wilderness area shall not preclude the conduct of those activities or uses outside the boundary of the wilderness area. 
SEC. 205. MILITARY, LAW ENFORCEMENT, AND 
EMERGENCY OVERFLIGHTS. 
Nothing in this Act restricts or precludes— 
(1) low-level overflights of military, law 
enforcement, or emergency medical services aircraft over the area designated as wilder-ness by this Act, including military, law en-forcement, or emergency medical services overflights that can be seen or heard within the wilderness area; 
(2) flight testing and evaluation; or (3) the designation or creation of new units 
of special use airspace, or the establishment of military, law enforcement, or emergency medical services flight training routes, over the wilderness area. 
SEC. 206. RELEASE OF WILDERNESS STUDY 
AREAS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that, for the 
purposes of section 603 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782), the Bureau of Land Manage-ment land in any portion of the wilderness study areas located within the Conservation Area not designated as a wilderness area has been adequately studied for wilderness des-ignation. 
(b) R
ELEASE .—Any Bureau of Land Man-
agement land described in subsection (a) that is not designated as a wilderness area— 
(1) is no longer subject to section 603(c) of 
the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)); 
(2) shall be managed in accordance with— (A) the land management plans adopted 
under section 202 of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1712); and 
(B) cooperative conservation agreements 
in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(3) shall be subject to the Endangered Spe-
cies Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SEC. 207. NATIVE AMERICAN CULTURAL AND RE-
LIGIOUS USES. 
Nothing in this title diminishes— 
(1) the rights of any Indian tribe; or (2) tribal rights regarding access to Federal 
land for tribal activities, including spiritual, cultural, and traditional food-gathering ac-tivities. 
SEC. 208. WILDLIFE MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-
tion 4(d)(7) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(7)), nothing in this title affects or di-minishes the jurisdiction of the State with respect to fish and wildlife management, in-cluding the regulation of hunting, fishing, and trapping, in the wilderness areas. 
(b) M
ANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES .— (1) I N GENERAL .—In furtherance of the pur-
poses and principles of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), management activities to maintain or restore fish and wildlife popu-lations and the habitats to support the popu-lations may be carried out within the wilder-ness areas, if the activities— 
(A) are consistent with relevant wilderness 
management plans; and 
(B) are carried out in accordance with ap-
propriate policies, such as those set forth in Appendix B of House Report 101–405. 
(2) U
SE OF MOTORIZED VEHICLES .—The man-
agement activities under paragraph (1) may include the occasional and temporary use of motorized vehicles, if the use, as determined by the Secretary, would— 
(A) promote healthy, viable, and more nat-
urally distributed wildlife populations that would enhance wilderness values; and 
(B) accomplish the purposes described in 
subparagraph (A) with the minimum impact necessary to reasonably accomplish the task. 
(c) E
XISTING ACTIVITIES .—Consistent with 
section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)) and in accordance with ap-propriate policies such as those set forth in Appendix B of House Report 101–405, the State may continue to use aircraft (includ-ing helicopters) to survey, capture, trans-plant, monitor, and provide water for wild-life populations, including bighorn sheep, and feral stock, horses, and burros. 
(d) W
ILDLIFE WATER DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .—Subject to subsection (f), the 
Secretary shall authorize structures and fa-cilities, including existing structures and fa-cilities, for wildlife water development projects, including guzzlers, in the wilder-ness areas if— 
(1) the structures and facilities will, as de-
termined by the Secretary, enhance wilder-ness values by promoting healthy, viable and more naturally distributed wildlife popu-lations; and 
(2) the visual impacts of the structures and 
facilities on the wilderness areas can reason-ably be minimized. 
(e) H
UNTING , FISHING , ANDTRAPPING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may des-
ignate, by regulation, areas in which, and es-tablish periods during which, for reasons of public safety, administration, or compliance with applicable laws, no hunting, fishing, or trapping will be permitted in the wilderness areas. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—Except in emergencies, 
the Secretary shall consult with the appro-priate State agency before promulgating reg-ulations under paragraph (1). 
(f) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—The State, 
including a designee of the State, may con-duct wildlife management activities in the wilderness areas— 
(1) in accordance with the terms and condi-
tions specified in the cooperative agreement between the Secretary and the State entitled ‘‘Memorandum of Understanding between the Bureau of Land Management and the Ne-vada Department of Wildlife Supplement No. 9’’ and signed November and December 2003, including any amendments to the coopera-tive agreement agreed to by the Secretary and the State; and 
(2) subject to all applicable laws (including 
regulations). 
SEC. 209. WILDFIRE, INSECT, AND DISEASE MAN-
AGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-
tion 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)), the Secretary may take such measures in each wilderness area as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary for the control of fire, insects, and diseases (includ-ing, as the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, the coordination of the activities with a State or local agency). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.028 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S290 January 20, 2015 
(b) E FFECT .—Nothing in this Act precludes 
a Federal, State, or local agency from con-ducting wildfire management operations (in-cluding operations using aircraft or mecha-nized equipment) in accordance with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(1)). 
SEC. 210. CLIMATOLOGICAL DATA COLLECTION. 
Subject to such terms and conditions as 
the Secretary may require, nothing in this title precludes the installation and mainte-nance of hydrologic, meteorologic, or cli-matological collection devices in the wilder-ness areas if the facilities and access to the facilities are essential to flood warning, flood control, and water reservoir operation activities. 
SEC. 211. NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM LAND. 
To the extent any of the provisions of this 
title are in conflict with laws (including reg-ulations) or management policies applicable to Federal land within the Lake Mead Na-tional Recreation Area designated as a wil-derness area, the laws (including regula-tions) or policies shall control. 
TITLE III—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. RELATIONSHIP TO CLARK COUNTY 
MULTI-SPECIES HABITAT CON-SERVATION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act lim-
its, alters, modifies, or amends the Clark County Multi-Species Habitat Conservation Plan with respect to the Conservation Area and the wilderness areas, including the spe-cific management actions contained in the Clark County Multi-Species Habitat Con-servation Plan for the conservation of peren-nial springs. 
(b) C
ONSERVATION MANAGEMENT AREAS .— 
The Secretary shall credit the Conservation Area and the wilderness areas as Conserva-
tion Management Areas, as may be required by the Clark County Multi-Species Habitat Conservation Plan (including amendments to the plan). 
(c) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN.—In developing the 
management plan, to the extent consistent with this section, the Secretary may incor-porate any provision of the Clark County Multi-Species Habitat Conservation Plan. 
SEC. 302. VISITOR CENTER, RESEARCH, AND IN-
TERPRETATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management, may establish, in cooperation with any other public or private entities that the Secretary may determine to be ap-propriate, a visitor center and field office in Mesquite, Nevada— 
(1) to serve visitors; and (2) to assist in fulfilling the purposes of— (A) the Lake Mead National Recreation 
Area; 
(B) the Grand Canyon-Parashant National 
Monument; and 
(C) the Conservation Area. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the visitor center authorized under subsection (a) is designed— 
(1) to interpret the scenic, biological, nat-
ural, historical, scientific, paleontological, recreational, ecological, wilderness, and cul-tural resources of each of the areas described in that subsection; and 
(2) to serve as an interagency field office 
for each of the areas described in that sub-section. 
(c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec-
retary may, in a manner consistent with this Act, enter into cooperative agreements with the State, the State of Arizona, and any other appropriate institutions and organiza-tions to carry out the purposes of this sec-tion. 
SEC. 303. TERMINATION OF WITHDRAWAL OF BU-
REAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT LAND. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF WITHDRAWAL .—The 
withdrawal of the parcels of Bureau of Land Management land described in subsection (b) 
for use by the Bureau of Reclamation is ter-minated. 
(b) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND.—The parcels of 
land referred to in subsection (a) consist of the Bureau of Land Management land identi-fied on the Map as ‘‘Transfer from BOR to BLM’’. 
(c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall finalize the legal description of the land reverting to the Bureau of Land Management under subsection (a). 
(2) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary may cor-
rect any minor error in— 
(A) the Map; or (B) the legal description. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—The Map and legal de-
scription shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management and the Bureau of Reclamation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 28—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION 
Mr. THUNE submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 28 
Resolved, That, in carrying out its powers, 
duties, and functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under Rule XXV of such rules, including holding hearings, reporting such hearings, and making investigations as au-thorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is authorized from March 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, October 1, 2015, through September 30, 2016, and October 1, 2016, through February 28, 2017, in its dis-cretion— 
(1) to make expenditures from the contin-
gent fund of the Senate; 
(2) to employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, to use on a reimbursable or non-reimburs-able basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The expenses of the committee 
for the period from March 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, under this resolution shall not exceed $3,879,581, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $50,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amend-ed); and 
(2) not to exceed $50,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of such committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946). 
(b) For the period October 1, 2015, through 
September 30, 2016, expenses of the com-mittee under this resolution shall not exceed $6,650,710, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $50,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultations, or organizations there-of (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Leg-islative Reorganization Act of 1946, as 
amended); and 
(2) not to exceed $50,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of such committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946). 
(c) For the period October 1, 2016, through 
February 28, 2017, expenses of the committee under this resolution shall not exceed $2,771,129, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $50,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946, as amend-ed); and 
(2) not to exceed $50,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of such committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of the Legislative Reorga-nization Act of 1946). 
S
EC. 3. The committee shall report its find-
ings, together with such recommendations for legislation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
S
EC. 4. Expenses of the committee under 
this resolution shall be paid from the contin-gent fund of the Senate upon vouchers ap-proved by the chairman of the committee, except that vouchers shall not be required— 
(1) for the disbursement of salaries of em-
ployees paid at an annual rate; 
(2) for the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, United States Senate; 
(3) for the payment of stationary supplies 
purchased through the Keeper of the Sta-tionary, United States Senate; 
(4) for payments to the Postmaster, United 
States Senate; 
(5) for the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, United States Senate; 
(6) for the payment of Senate Recording 
and Photographic Services; or 
(7) for the payment of franked and mass 
mail costs by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, United States Senate. 
S
EC. 5. There are authorized such sums as 
may be necessary for agency contributions related to the compensation of employees of the committee from March 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, October 1, 2015, through September 30, 2016, and October 1, 2016, through February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 29—CON-
DEMNING THE TERRORIST AT-TACKS IN PARIS, OFFERING CON-DOLENCES TO THE FAMILIES OF THE VICTIMS, EXPRESSING SOLI-DARITY WITH THE PEOPLE OF FRANCE, AND REAFFIRMING FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOM OF EX-PRESSION 
Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. I SAKSON , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. W YDEN , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and 
Mr. B URR) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 29 
Whereas, on January 7, 2015, armed gun-
men violently attacked the offices of the French newspaper Charlie Hebdo in Paris, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.028 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S291 January 20, 2015 
killing 12 people and injuring at least 11 oth-
ers; 
Whereas, on January 9, 2015, two suspects 
in the Charlie Hebdo attack were killed after taking hostages in a printing firm and firing at police; 
Whereas, on January 9, 2015, another gun-
man perpetrated an anti-Semitic attack on Hyper Cacher, a kosher supermarket, killing four of 19 hostages before French police stormed the building and rescued the sur-viving hostages; 
Whereas President of the Republic of 
France Francois Hollande condemned these events as a terrorist attack on the French Republic as a whole and called for a day of national mourning to honor the lives of the courageous political cartoonists, columnists, police officers, and others who were killed and injured; 
Whereas the Republic of France is Amer-
ica’s oldest ally, and the people of the United States owe France an eternal debt of grati-tude for our independence and freedom; 
Whereas the people and Governments of 
the Republic of France and the United States have stood shoulder to shoulder throughout history to defend our shared democratic ideals and values; 
Whereas the people of the Republic of 
France have always expressed solidarity with the people of the United States, includ-ing following the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001, which claimed the lives of thousands of innocent civilians in the United States; 
Whereas United Nations Secretary General 
Ban Ki-moon, together with the President of the United Nations General Assembly and the United Nations Security Council, has ex-pressed outrage over these cold-blooded and unjustifiable terrorist attacks in Paris; 
Whereas the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights, adopted by the United Na-tions General Assembly on December 10, 1948, holds that ‘‘everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers’’; 
Whereas the show of solidarity from hun-
dreds of thousands of people in the Republic 
of France, the United States, and worldwide under the banner ‘‘Je suis Charlie’’ (‘‘I am Charlie’’) makes known that the inter-national community of nations stands to-gether to reaffirm freedom of expression and to denounce terrorism; 
Whereas Muslim majority nations around 
the world, including Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Turkey, Malaysia, Morocco, Iran, Lebanon, Indonesia, Bahrain, Morocco, Alge-ria, and Qatar, and leading institutions such as the Arab League, Egypt’s al-Azhar Uni-versity and the Organization of Islamic Co-operation have all condemned and rejected these terrorist attacks as contrary to the Is-lamic faith; 
Whereas, on Sunday, January 11, 2015, 
more than 40 world leaders and 1,000,000 peo-ple gathered to march in Paris honoring the victims of the terrorist attacks; 
Whereas the outpouring of support from 
people around the world reveals that an at-tack on the free press in the Republic of France is an attack on human liberties; and 
Whereas the people and Government of the 
United States stand in solidarity with our French allies and renew our common support for democracy and freedom, including free-dom of the press and freedom of religion: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the terrorist attacks and 
cowardly murders at the offices of the French newspaper Charlie Hebdo and kosher market Hyper Cacher in Paris; (2) expresses its deepest condolences to the 
families of the victims of these attacks and to the Republic of France; 
(3) expresses our solidarity with the people 
of the Republic of France and pays tribute to our shared values, ideals, and liberties, in-cluding the freedom of thought and expres-sion and freedom of the press; 
(4) recognizes the statements from Muslim 
majority nations and leaders across the world that terrorist attacks purportedly con-ducted in the name of Islam such as the at-tacks in Paris are an affront to the Muslim faith; and 
(5) reaffirms our support for the Govern-
ment of France to bring the perpetrators of this violence to justice and to prevent future attacks. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 30—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK OF JANUARY 25 THROUGH JANUARY 31, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK’’ 
Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P AUL, Mr. E NZI, 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. V IT-
TER, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. J OHNSON , and Ms. 
AYOTTE ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 30 
Whereas providing a diversity of choices in 
K–12 education empowers parents to select education environments that meet the indi-vidual needs and strengths of their children; 
Whereas the United States is home to 
high-quality K–12 education environments of all varieties, including traditional public schools, public charter schools, public mag-net schools, private schools, online acad-emies, and home schooling; 
Whereas talented teachers and school lead-
ers in all of these education environments are preparing children to achieve their dreams; 
Whereas more families than ever before in 
the United States are actively choosing the best education for their children; 
Whereas greater public awareness of the 
issue of parental choice in education can in-form additional families about the benefits of proactively choosing challenging, moti-vating, and effective education environments for their children; 
Whereas the process of parents choosing 
schools for their children is nonpolitical, nonpartisan, and deserving of the utmost re-spect; and 
Whereas hundreds of organizations, more 
than 9,000 schools, and millions of individ-uals in the United States will celebrate the benefits of educational choice during the fifth annual National School Choice Week, which will be held the week of January 25 through January 31, 2015: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week of January 25 
through January 31, 2015, as ‘‘National School Choice Week’’; 
(2) congratulates the students, parents, 
teachers, and school leaders from K–12 edu-cation environments of all varieties for their persistence, achievements, dedication, and contributions to society in the United States; 
(3) encourages all parents, during National 
School Choice Week, to learn more about the education options available to them; and 
(4) encourages the people of the United 
States to hold appropriate programs, events, and activities during National School Choice Week to raise public awareness about the 
benefits of opportunity in education. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 57. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-
line; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 58. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr . G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra. 
SA 59. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 60. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 61. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 62. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 63. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 64. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 65. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 66. Mr. COATS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 67. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 68. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.026 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S292 January 20, 2015 
SA 69. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr . G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra. 
SA 70. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Ms. 
STABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr . R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 71. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 72. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and 
Ms. C
ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 73. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
CRUZ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 74. Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C OONS , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 75. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 76. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 77. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. M AR-
KEY, and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 57. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall not take effect until the 
President determines that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with other relevant Federal agencies, has completed a comprehensive study analyzing the human health impacts of the pipeline described in section 2(a), in-cluding— 
(1) increased air pollution in communities 
near refineries that will process the up to 830,000 barrels per day of tar sands crude that will be transported through the pipeline, in-cluding assessment of the cumulative air pollution impacts on the communities; 
(2) increased exposure of communities to 
particulate matter and heavy metals from the disposal, storage, and use of petroleum coke that results from the refining of the tar 
sands crude that will be transported through the pipeline; 
(3) increased exposures in communities to 
benzene, volatile organic compounds, hydro-gen sulfide, and other toxic substances that may result from spills or the contamination of water supplies from tar sands crude trans-ported through the pipeline; and 
(4) increased cancer rates and exposures to 
elevated levels of polycyclic aromatic hydro-carbons (‘‘PAHs’’), mercury, and other toxic pollutants, where the tar sands crude that will be transported through the pipeline is mined, extracted, upgraded, or refined. 
SA 58. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The environmental analysis 
contained in the Final Supplemental Envi-ronmental Impact Statement referred to in section 2(a) and deemed to satisfy the re-quirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) as described in section 2(a), states that— 
(1) ‘‘[W]arming of the climate system is 
unequivocal and each of the last [3] decades has been successively warmer at the Earth’s surface than any preceding decade since 1850.’’; 
(2) ‘‘The [Intergovernmental Panel on Cli-
mate Change], in addition to other institu-tions, such as the National Research Council and the United States (U.S.) Global Change Research Program (USGCRP), have con-cluded that it is extremely likely that global increases in atmospheric [greenhouse gas] concentrations and global temperatures are caused by human activities.’’; and 
(3) ‘‘A warmer planet causes large-scale 
changes that reverberate throughout the cli-mate system of the Earth, including higher sea levels, changes in precipitation, and al-tered weather patterns (e.g. an increase in more extreme weather events).’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Consistent with 
the findings under subsection (a), it is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) climate change is real; and (2) human activity significantly contrib-
utes to climate change. 
SA 59. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. IMPLEMENTATION. 
This Act shall be implemented in a manner 
that addresses the analysis in the Final Sup-plemental Environmental Impact Statement referenced in section 2(a) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’) and deemed in sec-tion 2(a) as having satisfied the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), with regard to climate change and the recommendations made in the FSEIS with respect to measures to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions and climate change in section 4.14-16 of the FSEIS. 
SA 60. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON UNITED 
STATES AND CANADA EFFORTS TO REDUCE GREENHOUSE GAS EMIS-SIONS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Governments of the United States 
and Canada should continuing working to-wards their shared goal of reducing emis-sions approximately 17 percent below 2005 levels, by 2020; and 
(2) the Government of Canada should join 
the United States Government’s goal of re-ducing emissions 26-28 percent below 2005 lev-els, by 2025. 
SA 61. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING FED-
ERAL TRANSPORTATION INFRA-STRUCTURE INVESTMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the transportation sector accounts for 9 
percent of the gross domestic product of the United States; 
(2) in 2012, the transportation infrastruc-
ture of the United States supported the ship-ment of 19,662,000,000 tons of freight valued at $17,352,000,000,000; 
(3) in 2012, 12,547,000 people were employed 
in transportation-related industries in the United States; 
(4) every dollar invested in the transpor-
tation infrastructure of the United States re-turns $3.54 in economic impact; and 
(5) every $1,000,000,000 in public infrastruc-
ture spending creates 21,671 jobs. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) transportation infrastructure is essen-
tial to the economy of the United States; and 
(2) increased Federal transportation infra-
structure investment could create millions of jobs and help businesses grow. 
SA 62. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.033 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S293 January 20, 2015 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING FED-
ERAL TRANSPORTATION INFRA-STRUCTURE INVESTMENT. 
It is the sense of Congress that increased 
Federal transportation infrastructure invest-ment will— 
(1) create millions of jobs; (2) help businesses grow; (3) reduce traffic congestion; and (4) save lives. 
SA 63. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE I—CLOSING BIG OIL LOOPHOLES 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Close Big 
Oil Tax Loopholes Act’’. 
Subtitle A—Close Big Oil Tax Loopholes 
SEC. 211. MODIFICATIONS OF FOREIGN TAX 
CREDIT RULES APPLICABLE TO MAJOR INTEGRATED OIL COMPA-NIES WHICH ARE DUAL CAPACITY TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 901 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(n) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO MAJOR IN-
TEGRATED OILCOMPANIES WHICH AREDUAL 
CAPACITY TAXPAYERS .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL RULE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this chapter, any amount paid or accrued by a dual capacity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)) to a foreign country or possession of the United States for any period shall not be considered a tax— 
‘‘(A) if, for such period, the foreign country 
or possession does not impose a generally ap-plicable income tax, or 
‘‘(B) to the extent such amount exceeds the 
amount (determined in accordance with reg-ulations) which— 
‘‘(i) is paid by such dual capacity taxpayer 
pursuant to the generally applicable income tax imposed by the country or possession, or 
‘‘(ii) would be paid if the generally applica-
ble income tax imposed by the country or possession were applicable to such dual ca-pacity taxpayer. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed 
to imply the proper treatment of any such amount not in excess of the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(2) D
UAL CAPACITY TAXPAYER .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘dual ca-pacity taxpayer’ means, with respect to any foreign country or possession of the United States, a person who— 
‘‘(A) is subject to a levy of such country or 
possession, and 
‘‘(B) receives (or will receive) directly or 
indirectly a specific economic benefit (as de-termined in accordance with regulations) from such country or possession. 
‘‘(3) G
ENERALLY APPLICABLE INCOME TAX .— 
For purposes of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘generally ap-
plicable income tax’ means an income tax (or a series of income taxes) which is gen-erally imposed under the laws of a foreign country or possession on income derived from the conduct of a trade or business with-in such country or possession. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term shall not in-
clude a tax unless it has substantial applica-tion, by its terms and in practice, to— 
‘‘(i) persons who are not dual capacity tax-
payers, and 
‘‘(ii) persons who are citizens or residents 
of the foreign country or possession.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall apply to taxes paid or ac-crued in taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTRARY TREATY OBLIGATIONS  
UPHELD .—The amendments made by this sec-
tion shall not apply to the extent contrary to any treaty obligation of the United States. 
SEC. 212. LIMITATION ON SECTION 199 DEDUC-
TION ATTRIBUTABLE TO OIL, NAT-URAL GAS, OR PRIMARY PRODUCTS THEREOF. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—Paragraph (4) of 
section 199(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN OIL AND GAS  
INCOME .—In the case of any taxpayer who is 
a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)) for the taxable year, the term ‘domestic production gross re-ceipts’ shall not include gross receipts from the production, refining, processing, trans-portation, or distribution of oil, gas, or any primary product (within the meaning of sub-section (d)(9)) thereof.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 213. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR IN-
TANGIBLE DRILLING AND DEVELOP-MENT COSTS; AMORTIZATION OF DISALLOWED AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) I
NTANGIBLE DRILLING AND DEVELOP -
MENT COSTS IN THE CASE OF OIL AND GAS 
WELLS AND GEOTHERMAL WELLS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), and except as provided in sub-section (i), regulations shall be prescribed by the Secretary under this subtitle cor-responding to the regulations which granted the option to deduct as expenses intangible drilling and development costs in the case of oil and gas wells and which were recognized and approved by the Congress in House Con-current Resolution 50, Seventy-ninth Con-gress. Such regulations shall also grant the option to deduct as expenses intangible drill-ing and development costs in the case of wells drilled for any geothermal deposit (as defined in section 613(e)(2)) to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as such ex-penses are deductible in the case of oil and gas wells. This subsection shall not apply with respect to any costs to which any de-duction is allowed under section 59(e) or 291. 
‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—This subsection shall 
not apply to amounts paid or incurred by a taxpayer in any taxable year in which such taxpayer is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)). 
‘‘(B) A
MORTIZATION OF AMOUNTS NOT ALLOW -
ABLE AS DEDUCTIONS UNDER SUBPARAGRAPH  
(A).—The amount not allowable as a deduc-
tion for any taxable year by reason of sub-paragraph (A) shall be allowable as a deduc-tion ratably over the 60-month period begin-ning with the month in which the costs are paid or incurred. For purposes of section 1254, any deduction under this subparagraph shall be treated as a deduction under this subsection.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. SEC. 214. LIMITATION ON PERCENTAGE DEPLE-
TION ALLOWANCE FOR OIL AND GAS WELLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 613A of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION WITHRESPECT TO MAJOR 
INTEGRATED OILCOMPANIES .—In the case of 
any taxable year in which the taxpayer is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the allowance for percentage depletion shall be zero.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 215. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR TER-
TIARY INJECTANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 193 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION WITHRESPECT TO MAJOR 
INTEGRATED OILCOMPANIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This section shall not 
apply to amounts paid or incurred by a tax-payer in any taxable year in which such tax-payer is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)). 
‘‘(2) A
MORTIZATION OF AMOUNTS NOT ALLOW -
ABLE AS DEDUCTIONS UNDER PARAGRAPH (1) .— 
The amount not allowable as a deduction for any taxable year by reason of paragraph (1) shall be allowable as a deduction ratably over the 60-month period beginning with the month in which the costs are paid or in-curred.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 216. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF 
MAJOR INTEGRATED OIL COMPANY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (5) of section 
167(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST .—For 
purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘major integrated oil company’ includes any suc-cessor in interest of a company that was de-scribed in subparagraph (B) in any taxable year, if such successor controls more than 50 percent of the crude oil production or nat-ural gas production of such company.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 167(h)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘except as pro-vided in subparagraph (C),’’ after ‘‘For pur-poses of this paragraph,’’. 
(2) T
AXABLE YEARS TESTED .—Clause (iii) of 
section 167(h)(5)(B) of such Code is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘does not apply by reason 
of paragraph (4) of section 613A(d)’’ and in-serting ‘‘did not apply by reason of para-graph (4) of section 613A(d) for any taxable year after 2004’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘does not apply’’ in sub-
clause (II) and inserting ‘‘did not apply for the taxable year’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
Subtitle B—Outer Continental Shelf Oil and 
Natural Gas 
SEC. 221. REPEAL OF OUTER CONTINENTAL 
SHELF DEEP WATER AND DEEP GAS ROYALTY RELIEF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Sections 344 and 345 of 
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15904, 15905) are repealed. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of the 
Interior shall not be required to provide for royalty relief in the lease sale terms begin-ning with the first lease sale held on or after the date of enactment of this Act for which a final notice of sale has not been published. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.032 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S294 January 20, 2015 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 231. DEFICIT REDUCTION. 
The net amount of any savings realized as 
a result of the enactment of this title and the amendments made by this title (after any expenditures authorized by this title and the amendments made by this title) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for Fed-eral budget deficit reduction or, if there is no Federal budget deficit, for reducing the Fed-eral debt in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate. 
SEC. 232. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this title, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this title, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
Subtitle D—Extension of Certain Energy Tax 
Benefits 
SEC. 241. PERMANENT EXTENSION OF CREDITS 
WITH RESPECT TO FACILITIES PRO-DUCING ELECTRICITY FROM CER-TAIN RENEWABLE RESOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) W IND.—Paragraph (1) of section 45(d) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘, and the construction of which begins before January 1, 2015’’. 
(2) C
LOSED -LOOP BIOMASS .—Paragraph (2) of 
section 45(d) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘, and the construction of 
which begins before January 1, 2015’’ in sub-paragraph (A)(i), and 
(B) by striking ‘‘which before January 1, 
2015, is originally placed in service’’. 
(3) O
PEN-LOOP BIOMASS .—Subparagraph (A) 
of section 45(d)(3) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘any facility owned by the 
taxpayer which’’, 
(B) by inserting ‘‘owned by the taxpayer 
and’’ after ‘‘facility’’ in clause (i), 
(C) by striking ‘‘ and the construction of 
which begins before January 1, 2015’’ in clause (i)(I), and 
(D) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(ii) any other facility owned by the tax-
payer.’’. 
(4) G
EOTHERMAL ENERGY .—Paragraph (4) of 
section 45(d) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and which’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Such term shall not’’ and inserting ‘‘and, in the case of a facility using solar en-ergy, which is placed in service before Janu-ary 1, 2006. Such term shall not’’. 
(5) L
ANDFILL GAS .—Paragraph (6) of section 
45(d) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and the construction of which begins before January 1, 2015’’. 
(6) T
RASH FACILITIES .—Paragraph (7) of sec-
tion 45(d) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and the construction of which begins before January 1, 2015’’. 
(7) Q
UALIFIED HYDROPOWER .—Paragraph (9) 
of section 45(d) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and before January 1, 
2015’’ in subparagraph (A)(i), 
(B) by striking ‘‘and the construction of 
which begins before January 1, 2015’’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii), and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (C). (8) M
ARINE AND HYDROKINETIC RENEWABLE  
ENERGY FACILITIES .—Paragraph (11)(B) of sec-
tion 45(d) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and the construction of which begins before January 1, 2015’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2015. SEC. 242. PERMANENT EXTENSION OF ENERGY 
INVESTMENT CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION OF ENERGY PERCENTAGE FOR  
CERTAIN SOLAR PROPERTY .—Subclause (II) of 
section 48(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘but only with respect to periods ending before January 1, 2017’’. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF ENERGY PROPERTY .— 
(1) S OLAR PROPERTY .—Clause (ii) of section 
48(a)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘but only with respect to periods ending be-fore January 1, 2017’’. 
(2) T
HERMAL ENERGY .—Clause (vii) of sec-
tion 48(a)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘, but only with respect to periods ending before January 1, 2017’’. 
(3) Q
UALIFIED FUEL CELL PROPERTY .—Para-
graph (1) of section 48(c) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (D). 
(4) Q
UALIFIED MICROTURBINE PROPERTY .— 
Paragraph (2) of section 48(c) of such Code is amended by striking subparagraph (D). 
(5) C
OMBINED HEAT AND POWER PROPERTY .— 
Subparagraph (A) of section 48(c)(3) of such Code is amended by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of clause (iii) and inserting a period, and by striking clause (iv). 
(6) Q
UALIFIED SMALL WIND ENERGY PROP -
ERTY .—Paragraph (4) of section 48(c) of such 
Code is amended by striking subparagraph (C). 
(c) E
LECTION TO TREAT QUALIFIED FACILI -
TIES AS ENERGY PROPERTY .—Clause (ii) of 
section 48(a)(5)(C) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and the construction of which begins before January 1, 2015’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2015. 
SA 64. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE I—CLOSING BIG OIL LOOPHOLES 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Close Big 
Oil Tax Loopholes Act’’. 
Subtitle A—Close Big Oil Tax Loopholes 
SEC. 211. MODIFICATIONS OF FOREIGN TAX 
CREDIT RULES APPLICABLE TO MAJOR INTEGRATED OIL COMPA-NIES WHICH ARE DUAL CAPACITY TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 901 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(n) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO MAJOR IN-
TEGRATED OILCOMPANIES WHICH AREDUAL 
CAPACITY TAXPAYERS .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL RULE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this chapter, any amount paid or accrued by a dual capacity taxpayer which is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)) to a foreign country or possession of the United States for any period shall not be considered a tax— 
‘‘(A) if, for such period, the foreign country 
or possession does not impose a generally ap-plicable income tax, or 
‘‘(B) to the extent such amount exceeds the 
amount (determined in accordance with reg-ulations) which— ‘‘(i) is paid by such dual capacity taxpayer 
pursuant to the generally applicable income tax imposed by the country or possession, or 
‘‘(ii) would be paid if the generally applica-
ble income tax imposed by the country or possession were applicable to such dual ca-pacity taxpayer. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed 
to imply the proper treatment of any such amount not in excess of the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(2) D
UAL CAPACITY TAXPAYER .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘dual ca-pacity taxpayer’ means, with respect to any foreign country or possession of the United States, a person who— 
‘‘(A) is subject to a levy of such country or 
possession, and 
‘‘(B) receives (or will receive) directly or 
indirectly a specific economic benefit (as de-termined in accordance with regulations) from such country or possession. 
‘‘(3) G
ENERALLY APPLICABLE INCOME TAX .— 
For purposes of this subsection— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘generally ap-
plicable income tax’ means an income tax (or a series of income taxes) which is gen-erally imposed under the laws of a foreign country or possession on income derived from the conduct of a trade or business with-in such country or possession. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Such term shall not in-
clude a tax unless it has substantial applica-tion, by its terms and in practice, to— 
‘‘(i) persons who are not dual capacity tax-
payers, and 
‘‘(ii) persons who are citizens or residents 
of the foreign country or possession.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall apply to taxes paid or ac-crued in taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTRARY TREATY OBLIGATIONS  
UPHELD .—The amendments made by this sec-
tion shall not apply to the extent contrary to any treaty obligation of the United States. 
SEC. 212. LIMITATION ON SECTION 199 DEDUC-
TION ATTRIBUTABLE TO OIL, NAT-URAL GAS, OR PRIMARY PRODUCTS THEREOF. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—Paragraph (4) of 
section 199(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN OIL AND GAS  
INCOME .—In the case of any taxpayer who is 
a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)) for the taxable year, the term ‘domestic production gross re-ceipts’ shall not include gross receipts from the production, refining, processing, trans-portation, or distribution of oil, gas, or any primary product (within the meaning of sub-section (d)(9)) thereof.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 213. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR IN-
TANGIBLE DRILLING AND DEVELOP-MENT COSTS; AMORTIZATION OF DISALLOWED AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263(c) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) I
NTANGIBLE DRILLING AND DEVELOP -
MENT COSTS IN THE CASE OF OIL AND GAS 
WELLS AND GEOTHERMAL WELLS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), and except as provided in sub-section (i), regulations shall be prescribed by the Secretary under this subtitle cor-responding to the regulations which granted the option to deduct as expenses intangible drilling and development costs in the case of oil and gas wells and which were recognized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.035 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S295 January 20, 2015 
and approved by the Congress in House Con-
current Resolution 50, Seventy-ninth Con-gress. Such regulations shall also grant the option to deduct as expenses intangible drill-ing and development costs in the case of wells drilled for any geothermal deposit (as defined in section 613(e)(2)) to the same ex-tent and in the same manner as such ex-penses are deductible in the case of oil and gas wells. This subsection shall not apply with respect to any costs to which any de-duction is allowed under section 59(e) or 291. 
‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—This subsection shall 
not apply to amounts paid or incurred by a taxpayer in any taxable year in which such taxpayer is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)). 
‘‘(B) A
MORTIZATION OF AMOUNTS NOT ALLOW -
ABLE AS DEDUCTIONS UNDER SUBPARAGRAPH  
(A).—The amount not allowable as a deduc-
tion for any taxable year by reason of sub-paragraph (A) shall be allowable as a deduc-tion ratably over the 60-month period begin-ning with the month in which the costs are paid or incurred. For purposes of section 1254, any deduction under this subparagraph shall be treated as a deduction under this subsection.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 214. LIMITATION ON PERCENTAGE DEPLE-
TION ALLOWANCE FOR OIL AND GAS WELLS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 613A of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION WITHRESPECT TO MAJOR 
INTEGRATED OILCOMPANIES .—In the case of 
any taxable year in which the taxpayer is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)), the allowance for percentage depletion shall be zero.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 215. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR TER-
TIARY INJECTANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 193 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION WITHRESPECT TO MAJOR 
INTEGRATED OILCOMPANIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This section shall not 
apply to amounts paid or incurred by a tax-payer in any taxable year in which such tax-payer is a major integrated oil company (within the meaning of section 167(h)(5)). 
‘‘(2) A
MORTIZATION OF AMOUNTS NOT ALLOW -
ABLE AS DEDUCTIONS UNDER PARAGRAPH (1) .— 
The amount not allowable as a deduction for any taxable year by reason of paragraph (1) shall be allowable as a deduction ratably over the 60-month period beginning with the month in which the costs are paid or in-curred.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 216. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF 
MAJOR INTEGRATED OIL COMPANY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (5) of section 
167(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST .—For 
purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘major integrated oil company’ includes any suc-cessor in interest of a company that was de-scribed in subparagraph (B) in any taxable year, if such successor controls more than 50 percent of the crude oil production or nat-ural gas production of such company.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 167(h)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘except as pro-vided in subparagraph (C),’’ after ‘‘For pur-poses of this paragraph,’’. 
(2) T
AXABLE YEARS TESTED .—Clause (iii) of 
section 167(h)(5)(B) of such Code is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘does not apply by reason 
of paragraph (4) of section 613A(d)’’ and in-serting ‘‘did not apply by reason of para-graph (4) of section 613A(d) for any taxable year after 2004’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘does not apply’’ in sub-
clause (II) and inserting ‘‘did not apply for the taxable year’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
Subtitle B—Outer Continental Shelf Oil and 
Natural Gas 
SEC. 221. REPEAL OF OUTER CONTINENTAL 
SHELF DEEP WATER AND DEEP GAS ROYALTY RELIEF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Sections 344 and 345 of 
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15904, 15905) are repealed. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of the 
Interior shall not be required to provide for royalty relief in the lease sale terms begin-ning with the first lease sale held on or after the date of enactment of this Act for which a final notice of sale has not been published. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 231. DEFICIT REDUCTION. 
The net amount of any savings realized as 
a result of the enactment of this Act and the amendments made by this title (after any ex-penditures authorized by this title and the amendments made by this title) shall be de-posited in the Treasury and used for Federal budget deficit reduction or, if there is no Federal budget deficit, for reducing the Fed-eral debt in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate. 
SEC. 232. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this title, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this title, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
SA 65. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself 
and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. LIMITS ON LIABILITY FOR OIL SPILLS. 
Section 1004(a) of the Oil Pollution Act of 
1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the semi-
colon and inserting a period; and 
(3) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). 
SA 66. Mr. COATS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. l. LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY TO ISSUE 
REGULATIONS UNDER THE SURFACE MINING CONTROL AND RECLAMA-TION ACT OF 1977. 
The Secretary of the Interior may not, be-
fore December 31, 2016, issue or approve any proposed or final regulation under the Sur-face Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1201 et seq.) that would— 
(1) adversely impact employment in coal 
mines in the United States; 
(2) cause a reduction in revenue received 
by the Federal Government or any State, tribal, or local government, by reducing through regulation the quantity of coal in the United States that is available for min-ing; 
(3) reduce the quantity of coal available for 
domestic consumption or for export; 
(4) designate any area as unsuitable for 
surface coal mining and reclamation oper-ations; or 
(5) expose the United States to liability for 
taking the value of privately owned coal through regulation. 
SA 67. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. POWERS OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTEC-
TION AGENCY. 
Section 3063(a) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (1); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
SA 68. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . COMMUNITY RIGHT TO PROTECT 
LOCAL WATER SUPPLIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) there are 2,537 wells within 1 mile of the 
proposed Keystone XL pipeline, including 39 public water supply wells and 20 private wells within 100 feet of the pipeline right of way; 
(2) 254 miles of the proposed Keystone XL 
pipeline would traverse over the shallow Ogallala Aquifer, the largest underground fresh water source in the United States, un-derlying 8 States and 2,000,000 people, includ-ing 10.5 miles where the groundwater lies at depths between 5 and 10 feet and another 12.4 miles where the water table is at a depth of 10 to 15 feet; 
(3) on July 26, 2010, a pipeline ruptured 
near Marshall, Michigan, releasing 843,000 gallons of tar sands diluted bitumen into Talmadge Creek, flowing into the Kalamazoo River; 
(4) the Talmadge Creek tar sands spill is 
the costliest inland oil spill cleanup in United States history, and the Kalamazoo River continues to be contaminated from the spill; 
(5) on March 29, 2013, the first pipeline of 
the United States to transport Canadian tar sands to the Gulf Coast, the ExxonMobil Pegasus Pipeline, ruptured, spilling 210,000 gallons of tar sands diluted bitumen in Mayflower, Arkansas; and 
(6) following the Pegasus Pipeline tar 
sands spill, individuals in the Mayflower community experienced severe headaches, nausea, and respiratory infections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.034 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S296 January 20, 2015 
(b) P ETITION TO PROTECT LOCAL WATER  
SUPPLIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to construction of the pipeline de-scribed in section 2(a), the President, or the designee of the President, shall provide to each municipality or county that relies on drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the pipeline an analysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of that pipeline. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION TO GOVERNORS .—The 
President shall provide a copy of the anal-ysis described in paragraph (1) to the Gov-ernor of each State in which an affected mu-nicipality or county is located. 
(3) E
FFECT ON CONSTRUCTION .—Construction 
of the pipeline described in section 2(a) may not begin if the Governor of a State with an affected municipality or county submits, not later than 30 days after receiving an analysis under paragraph (2), a petition to the Presi-dent requesting that the pipeline not be lo-cated in the affected municipality or county. 
(4) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A Governor may with-
draw a petition submitted under paragraph (3) at any time. 
(5) R
IGHT OF ACTION .—A property owner 
with a private water well drilled into any portion of an aquifer that is below the pro-posed pipeline described in section 2(a) may sue the owner of the pipeline for damages if— 
(A) the well water of the property owner 
becomes contaminated; and 
(B) the property owner demonstrates that 
the well water was safe prior to construction and operation of the pipeline. 
SA 69. Mr. DURBIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REGULATION OF TRANSPORTATION 
AND STORAGE OF PETROLEUM COKE. 
This Act shall not take effect prior to the 
date that— 
(1) the Administrator of the Environ-
mental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, pro-mulgates rules concerning the storage and transportation of petroleum coke that en-sure the protection of public and ecological health; and 
(2) petroleum coke is no longer exempt 
from regulation under section 101(14) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601(14)), which may be established ei-ther by an Act of Congress or any regula-tions, rules, or guidance issued by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
SA 70. Mr. PETERS (for himself and 
Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie 
on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PHMSA GREAT LAKES RESOURCES AND 
STUDY. 
The pipeline described in section 2(a) shall 
not be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained until the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration— 
(1) certifies to Congress that the Pipeline 
and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion has sufficient resources to carry out the duties of the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration for pipelines in the Great Lakes; and 
(2) submits to Congress the results of a 
study on recommendations for special condi-tions on pipelines in the Great Lakes, simi-lar to the recommendations in Appendix B of the environmental impact statement de-scribed in section 2(b). 
SA 71. Mr. LEE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . APPLICATIONS FOR PERMITS TO 
DRILL REFORM AND PROCESS. 
Section 17(p) of the Mineral Leasing Act 
(30 U.S.C. 226(p)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS FOR PERMITS TO DRILL  
REFORM AND PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) T IMELINE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
cide whether to issue a permit to drill not later than 30 days after receiving an applica-tion for the permit. 
‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-
tend the period in clause (i) for up to 2 peri-ods of 15 days each, if the Secretary has given written notice of the delay to the ap-plicant. 
‘‘(iii) N
OTICE REQUIREMENTS .—Written no-
tice under clause (ii) shall— 
‘‘(I) be in the form of a letter from the Sec-
retary or a designee of the Secretary; and 
‘‘(II) include the names and titles of the 
persons processing the application, the spe-cific reasons for the delay, and a specific date a final decision on the application is ex-pected. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF REASONS FOR DENIAL .—If the 
application is denied, the Secretary shall provide the applicant— 
‘‘(i) in writing, clear and comprehensive 
reasons why the application was not accept-ed and detailed information concerning any deficiencies; and 
‘‘(ii) an opportunity to remedy any defi-
ciencies. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION CONSIDERED APPROVED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary has not 
made a decision on the application by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date the application is received by the Sec-retary, the application is considered ap-proved, except in cases in which existing re-views under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) are incomplete. 
‘‘(ii) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .—Existing 
reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) shall be completed not later than 180 days after receiving an application for the permit. 
‘‘(iii) F
AILURE TO COMPLETE .—If all existing 
reviews are not completed during the 180-day period described in clause (ii), the project 
subject to the application shall be considered to have no significant impact in accordance with section 102(2)(C) of the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)) and section 7(a)(2) of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)) and that classification shall be considered to be a final agency action. 
‘‘(D) D
ENIAL OF PERMIT .—If the Secretary 
decides not to issue a permit to drill in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(i) provide to the applicant a description 
of the reasons for the denial of the permit; 
‘‘(ii) allow the applicant to resubmit an ap-
plication for a permit to drill during the 10- day period beginning on the date the appli-cant receives the description of the denial from the Secretary; and 
‘‘(iii) issue or deny any resubmitted appli-
cation not later than 10 days after the date the application is submitted to the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(E) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Actions of the Sec-
retary carried out in accordance with this paragraph shall not be subject to judicial re-view.’’. 
SA 72. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself 
and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2 of the amendment, strike sub-
section (e) and insert the following: 
(e) P RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .—Land 
or an interest in land for the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a) may only be acquired from will-ing sellers. 
SA 73. Mr. MORAN (for himself and 
Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DELISTING OF LESSER PRAIRIE- 
CHICKEN AS THREATENED SPECIES. 
Notwithstanding the final rule of the 
United States Fish and Wildlife Service enti-tled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Threatened Status for the Lesser Prairie-Chicken’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 19974 (April 10, 2014)), the lesser prairie-chicken (Tympanuchus pallidicinctus) shall not be listed as a threat-ened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SA 74. Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. 
COLLINS , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OONS , and Mr. 
SCHUMER ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FINDINGS AND SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Low-Income Home Energy Assist-
ance Program (referred to in this section as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.037 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S297 January 20, 2015 
‘‘LIHEAP’’) is the main Federal program 
that helps low-income households and senior citizens with their energy bills, providing vital assistance during both the cold winter and hot summer months. 
(2) Recipients of LIHEAP assistance are 
among the most vulnerable individuals in the country, with more than 90 percent of LIHEAP households having at least one member who is a child, a senior citizen, or disabled, and 20 percent of LIHEAP house-holds including at least one veteran. 
(3) The number of households eligible for 
LIHEAP assistance continues to exceed available funding, with current funding reaching just 20 percent of the eligible popu-lation. 
(4) The average LIHEAP grant covers just 
a fraction of home energy costs, leaving many low-income families and senior citi-zens struggling to pay their energy bills and with fewer resources available to meet other essential needs. 
(5) Access to affordable home energy is a 
matter of health and safety for many low-in-come households, children, senior citizens, and veterans. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that LIHEAP should be funded at not less than $4,700,000,000 annually, to en-sure that more low-income households and children, senior citizens, individuals with disabilities, and veterans can meet basic home energy needs. 
SA 75. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . COMMUNITY RIGHT TO PROTECT 
LOCAL WATER SUPPLIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) there are 2,537 wells within 1 mile of the 
proposed Keystone XL pipeline, including 39 public water supply wells and 20 private wells within 100 feet of the pipeline right of way; 
(2) 254 miles of the proposed Keystone XL 
pipeline would traverse over the shallow Ogallala Aquifer, the largest underground fresh water source in the United States, un-derlying 8 States and 2,000,000 people, includ-ing 10.5 miles where the groundwater lies at depths between 5 and 10 feet and another 12.4 miles where the water table is at a depth of 10 to 15 feet; 
(3) on July 26, 2010, a pipeline ruptured 
near Marshall, Michigan, releasing 843,000 gallons of tar sands diluted bitumen into Talmadge Creek, flowing into the Kalamazoo River; 
(4) the Talmadge Creek tar sands spill is 
the costliest inland oil spill cleanup in United States history, and the Kalamazoo River continues to be contaminated from the spill; 
(5) on March 29, 2013, the first pipeline of 
the United States to transport Canadian tar sands to the Gulf Coast, the ExxonMobil Pegasus Pipeline, ruptured, spilling 210,000 gallons of tar sands diluted bitumen in Mayflower, Arkansas; and 
(6) following the Pegasus Pipeline tar 
sands spill, individuals in the Mayflower community experienced severe headaches, nausea, and respiratory infections. 
(b) P
ETITION TO PROTECT LOCAL WATER  
SUPPLIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to construction of the pipeline de-scribed in section 2(a), the President, or the designee of the President, shall provide to each municipality or county that relies on drinking water from a source that may be af-
fected by a tar sands spill from the pipeline an analysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of that pipeline. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION TO GOVERNORS .—The 
President shall provide a copy of the anal-ysis described in paragraph (1) to the Gov-ernor of each State in which an affected mu-nicipality or county is located. 
(3) E
FFECT ON CONSTRUCTION .—Construction 
of the pipeline described in section 2(a) may not begin if the Governor of a State with an affected municipality or county submits, not later than 30 days after receiving an analysis under paragraph (2), a petition to the Presi-dent requesting that the pipeline not be lo-cated in the affected municipality or county. 
(4) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A Governor may with-
draw a petition submitted under paragraph (3) at any time. 
(5) R
IGHT OF ACTION .—A property owner 
with a private water well drilled into any portion of an aquifer that is below the pro-posed pipeline described in section 2(a) may sue the owner of the pipeline for damages if— 
(A) the well water of the property owner 
becomes contaminated as a result of— 
(i) construction activities associated with 
the pipeline; or 
(ii) a rupture in the pipeline; and (B) the property owner demonstrates that 
the well water was safe prior to construction and operation of the pipeline. 
SA 76. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SECTION ll. USE OF FEDERAL DISASTER RE-
LIEF AND EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE FOR ENERGY-EFFICIENT PRODUCTS AND STRUCTURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5141 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 327. USE OF ASSISTANCE FOR ENERGY-EF-
FICIENT PRODUCTS AND STRUC-TURES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘energy-efficient product’ 
means a product that— 
‘‘(A) meets or exceeds the requirements for 
designation under an Energy Star program established under section 324A of the of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975 (42 U.S.C. 6294a); or 
‘‘(B) meets or exceeds the requirements for 
designation as being among the highest 25 percent of equivalent products for energy ef-ficiency under the Federal Energy Manage-ment Program; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘energy-efficient structure’ 
means a residential structure, a public facil-ity, or a private nonprofit facility that meets or exceeds the requirements of Amer-ican Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers Standard 90.1– 2010 or the 2013 International Energy Con-servation Code, or any successor thereto. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF ASSISTANCE .—A recipient of as-
sistance relating to a major disaster or emergency may use the assistance to replace or repair a damaged product or structure with an energy-efficient product or energy- efficient structure.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to assistance made available under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act that is ex-pended on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 77. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. 
MARKEY , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY STAND-
ARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VI of the Public 
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 
U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY STANDARD. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) B ASE QUANTITY OF ELECTRICITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘base quantity 
of electricity’ means the total quantity of electric energy sold by a retail electric sup-plier, expressed in terms of kilowatt hours, to electric customers for purposes other than resale during the most recent calendar year for which information is available. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘base quantity 
of electricity’ does not include— 
‘‘(i) electric energy that is not incremental 
hydropower generated by a hydroelectric fa-cility; and 
‘‘(ii) electricity generated through the in-
cineration of municipal solid waste. 
‘‘(2) B
IOMASS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘biomass’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) cellulosic (plant fiber) organic mate-
rials from a plant that is planted for the pur-pose of being used to produce energy; 
‘‘(ii) nonhazardous plant or algal matter 
that is derived from— 
‘‘(I) an agricultural crop, crop byproduct, 
or residue resource; or 
‘‘(II) waste, such as landscape or right-of- 
way trimmings (but not including municipal solid waste, recyclable postconsumer waste paper, painted, treated, or pressurized wood, wood contaminated with plastic, or metals); 
‘‘(iii) animal waste or animal byproducts; 
and 
‘‘(iv) landfill methane. ‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL FOREST LAND AND CERTAIN  
OTHER PUBLIC LAND .—In the case of organic 
material removed from National Forest Sys-tem land or from public land administered by the Secretary of the Interior, the term ‘biomass’ means only organic material from— 
‘‘(i) ecological forest restoration; ‘‘(ii) precommercial thinnings; ‘‘(iii) brush; ‘‘(iv) mill residues; or ‘‘(v) slash. ‘‘(C) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN FEDERAL  
LAND .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (B), 
the term ‘biomass’ does not include material or matter that would otherwise qualify as biomass if the material or matter is located on the following Federal land: 
‘‘(i) Federal land containing old growth 
forest or late successional forest unless the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture determines that the removal of organic material from the land— 
‘‘(I) is appropriate for the applicable forest 
type; and 
‘‘(II) maximizes the retention of— ‘‘(aa) late-successional and large and old 
growth trees; 
‘‘(bb) late-successional and old growth for-
est structure; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.038 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S298 January 20, 2015 
‘‘(cc) late-successional and old growth for-
est composition. 
‘‘(ii) Federal land on which the removal of 
vegetation is prohibited, including compo-nents of the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System. 
‘‘(iii) Wilderness study areas. ‘‘(iv) Inventoried roadless areas. ‘‘(v) Components of the National Land-
scape Conservation System. 
‘‘(vi) National Monuments. ‘‘(3) E
XISTING FACILITY .—The term ‘existing 
facility’ means a facility for the generation of electric energy from a renewable energy resource that is not an eligible facility. 
‘‘(4) I
NCREMENTAL HYDROPOWER .—The term 
‘incremental hydropower’ means additional generation that is achieved from increased efficiency or additions of capacity made on or after— 
‘‘(A) the date of enactment of this section; 
or 
‘‘(B) the effective date of an existing appli-
cable State renewable portfolio standard program at a hydroelectric facility that was placed in service before that date. 
‘‘(5) I
NDIAN LAND .—The term ‘Indian land’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) any land within the limits of any In-
dian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria; 
‘‘(B) any land not within the limits of any 
Indian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria title to which on the date of enactment of this section was held by— 
‘‘(i) the United States for the benefit of 
any Indian tribe or individual; or 
‘‘(ii) any Indian tribe or individual subject 
to restriction by the United States against alienation; 
‘‘(C) any dependent Indian community; or ‘‘(D) any land conveyed to any Alaska Na-
tive corporation under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
‘‘(6) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
means any Indian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community, includ-ing any Alaskan Native village or regional or village corporation as defined in or estab-lished pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), that is recognized as eligible for the special pro-grams and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians. 
‘‘(7) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY .—The term ‘re-
newable energy’ means electric energy gen-erated by a renewable energy resource. 
‘‘(8) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY RESOURCE .—The 
term ‘renewable energy resource’ means solar, wind, ocean, tidal, geothermal energy, 
biomass, landfill gas, incremental hydro-power, or hydrokinetic energy. 
‘‘(9) R
EPOWERING OR COFIRING INCREMENT .— 
The term ‘repowering or cofiring increment’ means— 
‘‘(A) the additional generation from a 
modification that is placed in service on or after the date of enactment of this section, to expand electricity production at a facility used to generate electric energy from a re-newable energy resource; 
‘‘(B) the additional generation above the 
average generation during the 3-year period ending on the date of enactment of this sec-tion at a facility used to generate electric energy from a renewable energy resource or to cofire biomass that was placed in service before the date of enactment of this section; or 
‘‘(C) the portion of the electric generation 
from a facility placed in service on or after the date of enactment of this section, or a modification to a facility placed in service before the date of enactment of this section made on or after January 1, 2001, associated with cofiring biomass. 
‘‘(10) R
ETAIL ELECTRIC SUPPLIER .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘retail electric 
supplier’ means a person that sells electric energy to electric consumers that sold not less than 1,000,000 megawatt hours of electric energy to electric consumers for purposes other than resale during the preceding cal-endar year. 
‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘retail electric 
supplier’ includes a person that sells electric energy to electric consumers that, in com-bination with the sales of any affiliate orga-nized after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, sells not less than 1,000,000 megawatt hours of electric energy to consumers for purposes other than resale. 
‘‘(C) S
ALES TO PARENT COMPANIES OR AFFILI -
ATES .—For purposes of this paragraph, sales 
by any person to a parent company or to other affiliates of the person shall not be treated as sales to electric consumers. 
‘‘(D) G
OVERNMENTAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the term ‘retail electric supplier’ does not include— 
‘‘(I) the United States, a State, any polit-
ical subdivision of a State, or any agency, authority, or instrumentality of the United States, State, or political subdivision; or 
‘‘(II) a rural electric cooperative. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘retail electric 
supplier’ includes an entity that is a polit-ical subdivision of a State, or an agency, authority, or instrumentality of the United States, a State, a political subdivision of a State, a rural electric cooperative that sells electric energy to electric consumers, or any other entity that sells electric energy to electric consumers that would not otherwise qualify as a retail electric supplier if the en-tity notifies the Secretary that the entity voluntarily agrees to participate in the Fed-eral renewable electricity standard program. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPLIANCE .—For calendar year 2015 
and each calendar year thereafter, each re-tail electric supplier shall meet the require-ments of subsection (c) by submitting to the Secretary, not later than April 1 of the fol-lowing calendar year, 1 or more of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Federal renewable energy credits 
issued under subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) Certification of the renewable energy 
generated and electricity savings pursuant to the funds associated with State compli-ance payments as specified in subsection (e)(4)(G). 
‘‘(3) Alternative compliance payments pur-
suant to subsection (h). 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED ANNUAL PERCENTAGE .—For 
each of calendar years 2015 through 2039, the required annual percentage of the base quan-tity of electricity of a retail electric supplier that shall be generated from renewable en-ergy resources, or otherwise credited to-wards the percentage requirement pursuant to subsection (d), shall be the applicable per-centage specified in the following table: 
Required Amount 
‘‘Calendar Years percentage 
2015 ............................................ 8.52016 ............................................ 9.52017 ............................................ 11.02018 ............................................ 12.52019 ............................................ 14.02020 ............................................ 15.52021 ............................................ 17.02022 ............................................ 19.02023 ............................................ 21.02024 ............................................ 23.02025 and thereafter through 2039 25.0. ‘‘(d) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY CREDITS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A retail electric supplier 
may satisfy the requirements of subsection (b)(1) through the submission of Federal re-newable energy credits— 
‘‘(A) issued to the retail electric supplier 
under subsection (e); ‘‘(B) obtained by purchase or exchange 
under subsection (f); or 
‘‘(C) borrowed under subsection (g). ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL RENEWABLE ENERGY CRED -
ITS.—A Federal renewable energy credit may 
be counted toward compliance with sub-section (b)(1) only once. 
‘‘(e) I
SSUANCE OF FEDERAL RENEWABLE EN-
ERGY CREDITS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall establish by rule a pro-gram— 
‘‘(A) to verify and issue Federal renewable 
energy credits to generators of renewable en-ergy; 
‘‘(B) to track the sale, exchange, and re-
tirement of the credits; and 
‘‘(C) to enforce the requirements of this 
section. 
‘‘(2) E
XISTING NON -FEDERAL TRACKING SYS -
TEMS .—To the maximum extent practicable, 
in establishing the program, the Secretary shall rely on existing and emerging State or regional tracking systems that issue and track non-Federal renewable energy credits. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An entity that gen-
erates electric energy through the use of a renewable energy resource may apply to the Secretary for the issuance of renewable en-ergy credits. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for the 
issuance of the credits, the applicant shall demonstrate to the Secretary that— 
‘‘(i) the electric energy will be transmitted 
onto the grid; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a generation offset, the 
electric energy offset would have otherwise been consumed onsite. 
‘‘(C) C
ONTENTS .—The application shall in-
dicate— 
‘‘(i) the type of renewable energy resource 
that is used to produce the electricity; 
‘‘(ii) the location at which the electric en-
ergy will be produced; and 
‘‘(iii) any other information the Secretary 
determines appropriate. 
‘‘(4) Q UANTITY OF FEDERAL RENEWABLE EN -
ERGY CREDITS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the Secretary shall issue to a generator of electric energy 1 Fed-eral renewable energy credit for each kilo-watt hour of electric energy generated by the use of a renewable energy resource at an eligible facility. 
‘‘(B) I
NCREMENTAL HYDROPOWER .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purpose of compli-
ance with this section, Federal renewable en-ergy credits for incremental hydropower shall be based on the increase in average an-nual generation resulting from the efficiency 
improvements or capacity additions. 
‘‘(ii) W
ATER FLOW INFORMATION .—The incre-
mental generation shall be calculated using the same water flow information that is— 
‘‘(I) used to determine a historic average 
annual generation baseline for the hydro-electric facility; and 
‘‘(II) certified by the Secretary or the Fed-
eral Energy Regulatory Commission. 
‘‘(iii) O
PERATIONAL CHANGES .—The calcula-
tion of the Federal renewable energy credits for incremental hydropower shall not be based on any operational changes at the hy-droelectric facility that is not directly asso-ciated with the efficiency improvements or capacity additions. 
‘‘(C) I
NDIAN LAND .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue 
2 renewable energy credits for each kilowatt hour of electric energy generated and sup-plied to the grid in a calendar year through the use of a renewable energy resource at an eligible facility located on Indian land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.039 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S299 January 20, 2015 
‘‘(ii) B IOMASS .—For purposes of this para-
graph, renewable energy generated by bio-mass cofired with other fuels is eligible for 2 credits only if the biomass was grown on the land. 
‘‘(D) O
N-SITE ELIGIBLE FACILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of electric en-
ergy generated by a renewable energy re-source at an on-site eligible facility that is not larger than 1 megawatt in capacity and is used to offset all or part of the require-ments of a customer for electric energy, the Secretary shall issue 3 renewable energy credits to the customer for each kilowatt hour generated. 
‘‘(ii) I
NDIAN LAND .—In the case of an on-site 
eligible facility on Indian land, the Sec-retary shall issue not more than 3 credits per kilowatt hour. 
‘‘(E) C
OMBINATION OF RENEWABLE AND NON -
RENEWABLE ENERGY RESOURCES .—If both a re-
newable energy resource and a nonrenewable energy resource are used to generate the electric energy, the Secretary shall issue the Federal renewable energy credits based on the proportion of the renewable energy re-sources used. 
‘‘(F) R
ETAIL ELECTRIC SUPPLIERS .—If a gen-
erator has sold electric energy generated through the use of a renewable energy re-source to a retail electric supplier under a contract for power from an existing facility and the contract has not determined owner-ship of the Federal renewable energy credits associated with the generation, the Sec-retary shall issue the Federal renewable en-ergy credits to the retail electric supplier for the duration of the contract. 
‘‘(G) C
OMPLIANCE WITH STATE RENEWABLE  
PORTFOLIO STANDARD PROGRAMS .—Payments 
made by a retail electricity supplier, di-rectly or indirectly, to a State for compli-ance with a State renewable portfolio stand-ard program, or for an alternative compli-ance mechanism, shall be valued at 1 credit per kilowatt hour for the purpose of sub-section (b)(2) based on the quantity of elec-tric energy generation from renewable re-sources that results from the payments. 
‘‘(f) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY CREDIT TRADING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A Federal renewable en-
ergy credit may be sold, transferred, or ex-changed by the entity to whom the credit is issued or by any other entity that acquires the Federal renewable energy credit, other than renewable energy credits from existing facilities. 
‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—A Federal renewable en-
ergy credit for any year that is not sub-mitted to satisfy the minimum renewable generation requirement of subsection (c) for that year may be carried forward for use pur-suant to subsection (b)(1) within the next 3 years. 
‘‘(3) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may dele-
gate to an appropriate market-making enti-ty the administration of a national tradeable renewable energy credit market for purposes of creating a transparent national market for the sale or trade of renewable energy credits. 
‘‘(g) R
ENEWABLE ENERGY CREDIT BOR-
ROWING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 
31, 2015, a retail electric supplier that has reason to believe the retail electric supplier will not be able to fully comply with sub-section (b) may— 
‘‘(A) submit a plan to the Secretary dem-
onstrating that the retail electric supplier will earn sufficient Federal renewable energy credits within the next 3 calendar years that, when taken into account, will enable the re-tail electric supplier to meet the require-ments of subsection (b) for calendar year 2015 and the subsequent calendar years involved; and ‘‘(B) on the approval of the plan by the 
Secretary, apply Federal renewable energy credits that the plan demonstrates will be earned within the next 3 calendar years to meet the requirements of subsection (b) for each calendar year involved. 
‘‘(2) R
EPAYMENT .—The retail electric sup-
plier shall repay all of the borrowed Federal renewable energy credits by submitting an equivalent number of Federal renewable en-ergy credits, in addition to the credits other-wise required under subsection (b), by cal-endar year 2023 or any earlier deadlines spec-ified in the approved plan. 
‘‘(h) A
LTERNATIVE COMPLIANCE PAY-
MENTS .—As a means of compliance under 
subsection (b)(4), the Secretary shall accept payment equal to the lesser of— 
‘‘(1) 200 percent of the average market 
value of Federal renewable energy credits and Federal energy efficiency credits for the applicable compliance period; or 
‘‘(2) 3 cents per kilowatt hour (as adjusted 
on January 1 of each year following calendar year 2006 based on the implicit price deflator for the gross national product). 
‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION COLLECTION .—The Sec-
retary may collect the information nec-essary to verify and audit— 
‘‘(1)(A) the annual renewable energy gen-
eration of any retail electric supplier; and 
‘‘(B) Federal renewable energy credits sub-
mitted by a retail electric supplier pursuant to subsection (b)(1); 
‘‘(2) the validity of Federal renewable en-
ergy credits submitted for compliance by a retail electric supplier to the Secretary; and 
‘‘(3) the quantity of electricity sales of all 
retail electric suppliers. 
‘‘(j) E
NVIRONMENTAL SAVINGS CLAUSE .—In-
cremental hydropower shall be subject to all applicable environmental laws and licensing 
and regulatory requirements. 
‘‘(k) S
TATE PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section 
diminishes any authority of a State or polit-ical subdivision of a State— 
‘‘(A) to adopt or enforce any law (including 
regulations) respecting renewable energy, in-cluding programs that exceed the required quantity of renewable energy under this sec-tion; or 
‘‘(B) to regulate the acquisition and dis-
position of Federal renewable energy credits by retail electric suppliers. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH SECTION .—No law or 
regulation referred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall relieve any person of any requirement otherwise applicable under this section. 
‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION WITH STATE PROGRAM .— 
The Secretary, in consultation with States that have in effect renewable energy pro-grams, shall— 
‘‘(A) preserve the integrity of the State 
programs, including programs that exceed the required quantity of renewable energy under this section; and 
‘‘(B) facilitate coordination between the 
Federal program and State programs. 
‘‘(4) E
XISTING RENEWABLE ENERGY PRO -
GRAMS .—In the regulations establishing the 
program under this section, the Secretary shall incorporate common elements of exist-ing renewable energy programs, including State programs, to ensure administrative ease, market transparency and effective en-forcement. 
‘‘(5) M
INIMIZATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE BUR -
DENS AND COSTS .—In carrying out this sec-
tion, the Secretary shall work with the States to minimize administrative burdens and costs to retail electric suppliers. 
‘‘(l) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS.—An electric util-
ity that has sales of electric energy that are subject to rate regulation (including any utility with rates that are regulated by the Commission and any State regulated electric utility) shall not be denied the opportunity to recover the full amount of the prudently 
incurred incremental cost of renewable en-ergy obtained to comply with the require-ments of subsection (b). 
‘‘(m) P
ROGRAM REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Acad-emy shall conduct a comprehensive evalua-tion of all aspects of the program established under this section. 
‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—The study shall include 
an evaluation of— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of the program in in-
creasing the market penetration and low-ering the cost of the eligible renewable en-ergy technologies; 
‘‘(B) the opportunities for any additional 
technologies and sources of renewable energy emerging since the date of enactment of this section; 
‘‘(C) the impact on the regional diversity 
and reliability of supply sources, including the power quality benefits of distributed gen-eration; 
‘‘(D) the regional resource development 
relative to renewable potential and reasons for any investment in renewable resources; and 
‘‘(E) the net cost/benefit of the renewable 
electricity standard to the national and State economies, including— 
‘‘(i) retail power costs; ‘‘(ii) the economic development benefits of 
investment; 
‘‘(iii) avoided costs related to environ-
mental and congestion mitigation invest-ments that would otherwise have been re-quired; 
‘‘(iv) the impact on natural gas demand 
and price; and 
‘‘(v) the effectiveness of green marketing 
programs at reducing the cost of renewable 
resources. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 
2019, the Secretary shall transmit to Con-gress a report describing the results of the evaluation and any recommendations for modifications and improvements to the pro-gram. 
‘‘(n) S
TATE RENEWABLE ENERGY ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is established in 
the Treasury a State renewable energy ac-count. 
‘‘(2) D
EPOSITS .—All money collected by the 
Secretary from the alternative compliance payments under subsection (h) shall be de-posited into the State renewable energy ac-count established under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Proceeds deposited in 
the State renewable energy account shall be used by the Secretary, subject to annual ap-propriations, for a program to provide grants— 
‘‘(i) to the State agency responsible for ad-
ministering a fund to promote renewable en-ergy generation for customers of the State or an alternative agency designated by the State; or 
‘‘(ii) if no agency described in clause (i), to 
the State agency developing State energy conservation plans under section 362 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6322). 
‘‘(B) U
SE.—The grants shall be used for the 
purpose of— 
‘‘(i) promoting renewable energy produc-
tion; and 
‘‘(ii) providing energy assistance and 
weatherization services to low-income con-sumers. 
‘‘(C) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary may issue 
guidelines and criteria for grants awarded under this paragraph. 
‘‘(D) S
TATE -APPROVED FUNDING MECHA -
NISMS .—At least 75 percent of the funds pro-
vided to each State for each fiscal year shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.039 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S300 January 20, 2015 
be used to promote renewable energy produc-
tion through grants, production incentives, or other State-approved funding mecha-nisms. 
‘‘(E) A
LLOCATION .—The funds shall be allo-
cated to the States on the basis of retail electric sales subject to the renewable elec-tricity standard under this section or through voluntary participation. 
‘‘(F) R
ECORDS .—State agencies receiving 
grants under this paragraph shall maintain such records and evidence of compliance as the Secretary may require.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents of the Public Utility Regu-latory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. prec. 2601) is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to title VI the following: 
‘‘Sec. 609. Rural and remote communities 
electrification grants. 
‘‘Sec. 610. Renewable electricity standard.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2015, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Perspectives on the Strategic Necessity of Iran Sanctions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 20, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Caitlin Mur-phy, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE TERRORIST 
ATTACKS IN PARIS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 29, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 29) condemning the 
terrorist attacks in Paris, offering condo-lences to the families of the victims, express-ing solidarity with the people of France, and reaffirming fundamental freedom of expres-sion. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 29) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL SCHOOL CHOICE WEEK 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 30, which was submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 30) designating the 
week of January 25 through January 31, 2015, as ‘‘National School Choice Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 30) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDER FOR RECESS AND ORDERS 
FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 21, 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate recess until 8:25 p.m. tonight and upon reconvening proceed as a body to the Hall of the House of Representa-tives for the joint session of Congress provided under the provisions of H. Con. Res. 7; that upon the dissolution of the joint session, the Senate adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, January 21; I ask that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later 
in the day; I further ask that the Sen-ate then be in a period of morning busi-ness for up to 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Republicans controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half; that following morning business the Senate then resume consideration of S. 1. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. We were able to 
process several amendments to the Keystone bill today. There are now six more in the queue and pending. I would encourage all Senators who have amendments to file them and to work with Chairman M
URKOWSKI and Sen-
ator C ANTWELL to get them pending. 
Senators should expect votes related 
to amendments to the bill throughout the day tomorrow. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand in recess under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 4:38 p.m., recessed until 8:25 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. R
OUNDS ). 
f 
JOINT SESSION OF THE TWO 
HOUSES—ADDRESS BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the Hall of the House of Rep-resentatives to hear a message from the President of the United States. 
Thereupon, the Senate, preceded by 
the Deputy Sergeant at Arms, James Morhard, the Secretary of the Senate, Julie E. Adams, and the Vice President of the United States, J
OSEPH R. B IDEN, 
JR., proceeded to the Hall of the House 
of Representatives to hear the address by the President of the United States, Barack H. Obama. 
(The address delivered by the Presi-
dent of the United States to the joint session of the two Houses of Congress is printed in the proceedings of the House of Representatives in today’s R
ECORD .) 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
At the conclusion of the joint session 
of the two Houses, and in accordance with the order previously entered, at 10:20 p.m., the Senate adjourned until Wednesday, January 21, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JA6.039 S20JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E79 January 20, 2015 
REMEMBERING BLACK JANUARY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, as the Co- 
Chairman of the Congressional Azerbaijan Caucus, I want to honor the people of Azer-baijan by recognizing the tragic events of 1990 commonly referred to as ‘‘Black January.’’ 
Twenty-four years ago yesterday, approxi-
mately 26,000 heavily armored Soviet soldiers poured into Azerbaijan’s capital city of Baku and, with total indifference to human life, launched an assault on a crowd of peaceful demonstrators. Ultimately 131 civilians were killed by the aggressing Soviets. In addition, over 600 were injured, 841 arrested, and 5 went missing. 
The Human Rights Watch report ‘‘Black 
January in Azerbaijan’’ described the Soviet’s approach as though they were attacking ‘‘an enemy position intended for military destruc-tion.’’ It states Soviet soldiers fired on clearly marked ambulances, crushed civilians with ar-mored tanks, and used both automatic weap-ons and bayonets on the civilian population. Many believe that the destruction inflicted on Baku was a warning to other Republics of the Soviet Union in an attempt to stop the dissolu-tion of Communist rule. 
Ultimately, the atrocities of Black January 
united Azerbaijan like never before. The brutal show of force erased any residual hope for a reformed Soviet Union, such that Azerbaijan declared its independence twenty months later. 
I thank the Azerbaijan people for their con-
tinued friendship with the United States and extend my deepest sympathies to the family and friends of those who lost their lives for the independence of Azerbaijan. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF AIR 
FORCE CHIEF MASTER SER-GEANT JAY A. WILSON 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and thank Chief Master Sergeant Jay A. Wilson, United States Air Force for his 26 years of service to our nation and to con-gratulate him on his announced retirement. 
Chief Master Sergeant Wilson is the Mission 
Director in the Enterprise Operations Squad-ron, Enterprise Management Operations Cen-ter, National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) in Chantilly, Virginia. As the first enlisted member entrusted as a Mission Director, he leads 65 joint military, civilian and contractor teams and manages two separate 24 hour, 7 day a week operations centers that command and control a $10 billion global network. Wilson also serves as the NRO Air Force Reserve Senior Enlisted Advisor and he mentors over 65 re-servists in support of the NRO. Chief Wilson began his Air Force career in 
May 1973 entering under the delayed enlist-ment program. He reported to Lackland AFB, TX for Basic Military Training in September 1973. After serving on Active Duty for nearly four years, he separated from the Air Force in June 1977. In July 1991 Chief Wilson returned 
to the Air Force, as a Communications/Com-puter Systems Controller joining the California Air National Guard’s 234th Combat Commu-nications Squadron, Hayward Calif. Four years later, a civilian job change brought Chief Wil-son to the 231st CCSQ of the Washington D.C. Air National Guard. In May 1999, the 231st CCSQ was activated under Presidential orders for deployment to Bosnia. In November 1999, Chief Wilson transferred to the Air Force Reserve as an Individual Mobilization Augmentee (IMA) with the Defense Informa-tion Services Agency as a Watch Officer in the newly formed Joint Task Force for Computer Network Defense (JTF–CND). In 2002, Chief Wilson transferred to the NRO as a Watch Commander, National Reconnaissance Oper-ations Center (NROC) and in 2010 Chief Wil-son became Mission Director in the Enterprise Operations Squadron. 
During his service to our nation, Jay has re-
ceived multiple awards and decorations includ-ing: Defense Meritorious Service Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Joint Service Com-mendation Medal, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Outstanding Volunteer Serv-ice Medal, Air Reserve Forces Meritorious Service Medal with four oak leaf clusters, Na-tional Defense Service Medal with two de-vices, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the Armed Forces Reserve Medal with ‘M’ device. 
A model citizen-airman, Jay has actively vol-
unteered and held positions in multiple military and veteran affiliated organizations. He served on and trained new recruits for the NRO Honor Guard. He has been an active member of the American Legion and was his local post’s Sergeant at Arms and Color Guard lead. He has also served the American Legion at the District level. As a member of the Amer-ican Legion’s 16th District he has served as Sergeant at Arms and Honor Flight Committee Chair. He organizes and officiates for the Ma-nassas Veteran’s Day Parade. He served as the Sergeant at Arms for the Potomac Re-gional Veteran’s Council, conducting cere-monies at Quantico. He has routinely taught flag etiquette to the eighth grade class at All Saints Catholic School. He has also been an active member and organizer in the 40 and 8 Society holding the position of the Guard de la Porte at the state and national level. Finally, he has served on the 40 and 8 Society’s Na-tional Convention Planning Committee and has had the distinct honor of carrying the U.S. flag into and out of the Amphitheater during the Memorial Day Service at the National Cemetery at Arlington. 
Chief Master Sergeant Wilson has excelled 
throughout his distinguished career and I am honored to pay tribute to this Airman. I thank Chief Master Sergeant Jay Wilson, his wife, Gail, and their daughters, Genevieve and Catherine, for their service to our country. I 
wish them Godspeed, and continued happi-ness as they start a new chapter in their lives. 
f 
DR. POATE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and applaud Dr. John M. Poate for his prominent career and service to energy conservation and environmental re-search. For over fifty years Dr. Poate has been active in research and development in the renewable energy sector. His personal re-search activities span several areas of solid state physics, materials science and engineer-ing. He led a distinguished research career at Bell Labs where he headed the Silicon Proc-essing Research Department. Since then he has served as Dean at New Jersey Institute of Technology, Chief Technology Officer of a semiconductor capital equipment company, and the vice president of Research and Tech-nology Transfer at the Colorado School of Mines. 
Dr. Poate has served on many advisory 
panels during his career such as NATO, NSF, NRC, DOE and International Universities. He continues his work on the Board of the Na-tional Renewable Energy Laboratory and chairing the Director’s Review Committee for the Physical and Life Sciences of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. He is a Fellow of the American Physical Society and Mate-rials Research Society, MRS past-president, and the John Bardeen award winner of the TMS. 
To say he is an accomplished research sci-
entist is an understatement. Dr. Poate’s dedi-cation and enthusiasm for research is re-flected in his authorship of over 300 publica-tions in archival journals as well as 12 patents. 
I extend my deepest thanks to Dr. Poate for 
his service to the science community. Thank you for your continuous dedication to re-search. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLOR-IDA’S JANIS K. SIMMONS 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Northwest Florida’s Janis K. Sim-mons upon the occasion of her retirement from the Florida Institute of Food and Agricul-tural Sciences (IFAS), Santa Rosa County Ex-tension Office, after more than thirty-two years of dedicated service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20JA8.001 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E80 January 20, 2015 
A lifelong resident of Florida’s First Con-
gressional District, Mrs. Simmons was born to Easter and Bennie Harris and was raised in Chumuckla, Florida. After graduating from Chumuckla High School, she attended Pensa-cola Junior College and began working for her father’s business, Harris Masonry. After gain-ing valuable experience at Harris Masonry, Mrs. Simmons and her husband, Bobby, es-tablished Simmons Masonry, which they suc-cessfully operated for ten years. 
In 1982, the IFAS Santa Rosa County Ex-
tension Office welcomed Mrs. Simmons to its team. Mrs. Simmons served as the Jay Office Secretary for nearly thirty-three years and as-sisted the office in a myriad of ways. Through-out her career, whether it was through her work with the Santa Rosa Pest Management Association, her assistance with local farmers in processing their applications, bookkeeping, providing financial management, or maintain-ing permit files and regulations, her diligence never wavered, and she proved to be an in-valuable asset to the Santa Rosa County Ex-tension Service. 
IFAS employees will forever remember Mrs. 
Simmons for her willingness to help others and her famous spaghetti meals. As she leaves behind a career that has touched the lives of thousands in Northwest Florida, Mrs. Simmons looks forward to continuing to serve her church, Ebenezer Church, in a greater ca-pacity, gardening, and most of all, spending time with her grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am privileged to congratulate Janis K. Simmons on her retirement and thank her for her service to Northwest Florida. My wife Vicki and I wish her and her husband, Bobby; sons, Steven and Dale; and grand-children, Lela, Brayden, and Makenna all the best. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, due to an un-
avoidable absence from the House floor, I was unable to vote on the bills under consideration Wednesday, January 14, 2015. I would like to submit how I would have voted. 
On final passage of H.R. 37, the Promoting 
Job Creation and Reducing Small Businesses Burdens Act, I would have voted no. 
On final passage of H.R. 240, the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security Appropriations Act and the five amendments offered by the Ma-jority I would have voted no. While I strongly support the underlying bill to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, I could not sup-port the bill after the Majority added amend-ments that would put our nation’s security at risk in order to make political points. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNIFER MILLER 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of Jennifer Miller, who has worked tirelessly both in my personal of-
fice and for the Appropriations Committee for the last twenty-five years. 
Jennifer returned to her Kentucky roots 
when she began her career in the U.S. House of Representatives in 1989 by joining my per-sonal office staff. In 1996, she was asked to join the staff of the Appropriations Committee and since then she has worked diligently for various subcommittees, as well as in the front office. Most recently she has been responsible for the oversight of the intelligence commu-nity’s budget for the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee. 
Jennifer is a dedicated and passionate pro-
fessional. She knows the Congressional rules and the legislative process better than anyone. She has always been willing to put the Com-mittee first and has sacrificed countless hours, weeks, and years to further enhance the work of the Committee. Nothing better exemplifies her dedication than when in March 2007, Jen-nifer remained at my side in the Committee hearing room during a mark-up of a supple-mental bill for two hours longer than planned, leaving her short on time to catch a flight to Italy—for her wedding! Thankfully she made it to the airport in time, and now has a sup-portive husband, Pete, as well as a cherished daughter, Emma. 
More recently, Jennifer again displayed her 
true dedication to the Committee during the first several months that I was Chairman, by not only working for the Defense Sub-committee but also in the front office, aiding with the transition process and assembling the current fiscal year’s consolidated appropria-tions bill. To this day she continues to use her indispensable knowledge by assisting other subcommittees through the legislative process and particularly when Committee bills are being debated on the House floor. 
I have said before, and I will say again, the 
Appropriations Committee has the best staff on Capitol Hill. However, hopefully just this once, the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence is gaining traction by hiring Jennifer away from us. I will miss Jennifer’s contributions and leadership; but we thank her for her dedication and wish her well in her fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 14, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 240) making ap-propriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, and for other purposes: 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, America is a na-
tion of immigrants, but we are also a nation built on the rule of law, and those who enter our country illegally disregard those laws. 
Unfortunately, our President does not feel 
the same way. 
Upon discovering he could not get support 
from Congress, he decided to circumvent the legislative branch through executive action and grant amnesty to millions of illegal immi-
grants. 
He disregarded the separation of powers 
that our Founding Fathers laid out for our gov-ernment, but more importantly he disregarded the American people. 
That is why I am proud to stand here today 
with my colleagues to put a stop to this execu-tive overreach, and to tell this President that he is not above the law. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD O. ‘‘DICK’’ 
DEIGNAN 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and salute an extraordinary Hoosier, Richard O. ‘‘Dick’’ Deignan, who passed away on January 13, 2015. I wish to express my heartfelt gratitude and appreciation for his and his late wife Joan’s leadership and service in my hometown of Munster, Indiana, in the Indi-anapolis, Indiana community and in other parts of our state. 
First, Mr. Deignan was willing to put the wel-
fare of his fellow Americans above his own self interests. His service aboard the USS Hugh Purvis as a sailor in the United States 
Navy remained one of his proudest achieve-ments and an obligation he was happy to un-dertake to ensure that our nation remained free and his children and grandchildren were afforded the same liberty promised by our Founding Fathers. 
Mr. Deignan was an astute businessman 
and well known in our community, not only as a Burger King franchise owner, but for the way he trained his employees, many of whom were seeking their first job. He sought to hire high- 
quality employees, train them well and em-power them. In doing so, what he really did was help grow responsible members of the community. 
Dick built his business from nothing. Starting 
out, he had very little wealth or other re-sources. But what he, and so many others who have helped build and maintain this great country had, was a dream and the tireless work ethic to make it reality. He also recog-nized that what he and Joan built couldn’t be done just anywhere in the world. Dick under-stood, and always promoted, our exceptionalism as the reason the United States had the ability to be the freest, most prosperous nation world history had ever seen, and the greatest force for good on earth. 
In his free time, he was a staunch advocate 
and supporter of the Munster Booster Club, aiding the purchase of athletic and scholastic equipment and supplies for the Munster School System. 
As a close friend of the Deignan children, 
Kerry and Owen, I quickly came to know the entire family, who lived on Chestnut Lane in Munster for years. They were typical of the best of American families, having and prac-ticing the values we often talk about on this very floor. 
Joan Deignan was one of the best teachers 
I had in grade school. And Dick was the very first community leader to support my success-ful bid for Indiana Secretary of State. They be-lieved in me as a product of a community in which they believed even more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20JA8.004 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E81 January 20, 2015 
Mr. Deignan leaves two children and three 
grandchildren to carry on his legacy of com-munity service and joins Joan, in eternity. On behalf of Hoosiers, I am humbled to honor Dick here today. He will be missed for his friendship, leadership, work ethic and his char-acter. His legacy is evidence that hard work combined with the opportunities of American exceptionalism can lead to the realization of the American Dream, however an individual wants to define it. Rest in peace my friend, and thank you for your example and leader-ship. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. BOB GODSHALL 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a dear friend of mine, Pennsylvania State Representative Bob Godshall for the 50 years of service he has given to our commu-nity, and the state of Pennsylvania. Rep-resentative Godshall has served 32 years in the Pennsylvania Legislature representing the 53rd District in Montgomery County, PA—an area which encompasses the Indian Valley portion of my Congressional District. 
Prior to his work in the legislature, Bob 
served 3 years as Montgomery County Con-troller, and 17 years on the Souderton School Board. He also served 3 years as Montgomery County Open Space Director, where he helped bring Montgomery County’s beautiful park system to fruition. Bob was also instru-mental in the creation of the United States Constitution Center in Philadelphia—a place where thousands of visitors come to pay trib-ute to the founding fathers each year. 
f 
NOTING LOS ANGELES CITY DES-
IGNATION OF JANUARY 16, 2015 AS DR. LA-DORIS M
CCLANEY 
DAY 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize 
and celebrate the designation of January 16, 2015 by the City of Los Angeles, California as Dr. La-Doris McClaney Day, in honor of the noteworthy career and remarkable generosity of La-Doris McClaney, Ph.D. 
The McClaney family has risen from the 
humblest of roots: Dr. McClaney’s mother, Eula McClaney, grew up picking cotton with her sharecropper parents in Orion, Alabama and was self-educated after the sixth grade. Nonetheless, a powerful drive to succeed, per-sonal discipline, strong faith, and a talent for entrepreneurship built a real estate business that allowed Mrs. McClaney and her family not only to thrive but also to lift others as they climbed. 
La-Doris McClaney and her late sister 
Burnie McClaney worked with their mother to expand both their business and their philan-thropy across six states, donating buildings and money to improve the lives of others. Dr. La-Doris McClaney shares both her mother’s aptitude for business and her deep commit-
ment to charitable works. Over her 40-year ca-reer in real estate and philanthropy, Dr. McClaney has contributed 10% of her gross income to charities large and small, amounting to many millions of dollars. She gives of her-self as well, writing, and lecturing, assisting families in need, and mentoring African Amer-ican college students and sponsoring their tui-tion. Dr. McClaney holds a masters degree from Pepperdine University and a doctorate degree from Bethune Cookman College, and the themes of education and health research emerge from a brief review of those receiving her charitable contributions: American Diabe-tes Association, American Heart Association, American Lung Association, Bethune Cookman College, The Christian Broadcasting Network, City of Hope, King Drew School of Medicine, Save African’s Children, and the United Negro College Fund, among many oth-ers. 
Dr. McClaney has been recognized over 
500 times with commendations, awards, reso-lutions and honors for her many good works. I congratulate her and I commend the City of Los Angeles for celebrating her many con-tributions. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,079,608,395,519.69. We’ve 
added $7,452,731,346,606.61 to our debt in 5 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
VICTOR LOVELADY—THE 
AMERICAN BREED 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, two years 
ago, one of my constituents—Mr. Victor Lovelady—was killed in Algeria after being taken captive by terrorists. Before his death, Victor displayed some of the very best quali-ties of the American spirit: courage, compas-sion, and selflessness. I would like to take a moment to tell you his story. 
Like many Americans, Victor Lovelady was 
a hard worker who put in long hours to pro-vide for his family of four. For most of his life, Victor worked as an industrial engineer and master electrician in his hometown of Nederland, Texas. 
However, when work in his area slowed, he 
spent nearly three years traveling back and forth daily to work in Houston from Nederland. He did this so that his children would not have to change schools. The 150 mile round trip was an hour and a half each way. After his kids finished high school, Victor moved to 
Atascocita, Texas (25 miles north of Houston) where I live Congressional District 2. Victor never had a pension plan and always had to pay his family’s insurance by himself. He never had more than two weeks off in a year. He longed to be able to retire and spend more time with his wife and children. 
When Victor was given the opportunity to 
work overseas for British Petroleum he weighed the pros and cons. He knew a few years at this new job would provide him with enough money to retire and be with his family. He also believed that working in Africa would be safe. 
On January 9, 2013, Victor arrived in the re-
mote area of In Amenas, Algeria to begin his new job at the BP Gas facility. In the early hours of January 16th, an army of gun wield-ing terrorists crashed their trucks through the gates of the gas plant. Within minutes they had seized control of the facility and held hun-dreds of its employees hostage. Victor Lovelady and several other workers were hav-ing tea when suddenly a colleague entered the cantina with a gunshot wound to his stom-ach. The man had been shot when Mokhtar Belmokhtar’s al-Qaeda linked terrorists stormed the facility and opened fire on the in-nocent workers. 
Putting thoughts of himself aside and dis-
regarding the sound of gunfire, Victor began cleaning and dressing the man’s wound. Victor then hid him in a food container for his safety. 
Even as the sound of gunshots grew louder 
and louder, Victor immediately lifted other men into the cantina’s false ceiling to hide them from the attackers. In total, Victor secretly se-cured three men into the ceiling hiding spot. Heavily armed jihadists were going room to room at the plant to capture victims. Only when it sounded like the militants had finally entered the cantina did Victor quickly try to hide and save himself. Unfortunately, he fell and injured his ankle attempting to climb into the ceiling. Moments later, the terrorists cap-tured him and held him hostage. The facility was under the control of the terrorists for three grueling days. Hostages were rounded up one by one, handcuffed and strapped with explo-sive devices. The terrorists were threatening to blow them up if the U.S. and Algeria did not release jihadi prisoners. 
Sadly, Victor was killed when Algerian mili-
tary forces moved in to rescue the victims and attack the terrorists. In total 40 civilians from 10 countries were killed by the terrorists and in the rescue attempt. 29 terrorists were also killed. 
Victor’s selfless and heroic actions saved 
four lives that day. A once ordinary man be-came extraordinary in the face of danger and violence. Courage like this should be ap-plauded and remembered. This is why I nomi-nated Mr. Lovelady for the Presidential Medal of Freedom. The Presidential Medal of Free-dom is our nation’s highest civilian honor and recognizes individuals who have made ‘‘an es-pecially meritorious contribution’’ to our soci-ety. It is clear that Victor Lovelady not only meets, but exceeds this standard. 
The events in Algeria last year have dis-
appeared from public view in the sands of time. The media has moved on to other tragic events. There have been more terrorist at-tacks throughout the world. Americans and non-Americans have been murdered. But it is the Americans such as Victor that we should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JA8.002 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E82 January 20, 2015 
always remember and honor. While we con-
tinue to mourn their loss we should, to para-phrase General George Patton: ‘‘Thank God that such people ever lived.’’ 
Two years after his death, Victor Lovelady 
may not be a household name, but there is no doubt that he is an American hero. He worked hard to provide an honest living and when in danger, thought first to protect others instead of himself. When people hear Victor’s story today, they are inspired because of his acts of bravery, conviction, and compassion—in other words, to act as a true American. Four people live today, because Victor died hiding them. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and all of our 
colleagues take a moment today to remember the heroism of Victor Lovelady. Our prayers are also with his wife, Maureen, and his two children, Erin and Grant, who carry on his leg-acy. I am honored to call this Texan my con-stituent and we will continue to honor the sac-rifice he made as a courageous husband, fa-ther, and American. 
Victor Lovelady was from an amazing 
breed—the American breed. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF WSEC/PBS 
SPRINGFIELD 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, later this month, on January 31, WSEC/ PBS Springfield will celebrate 30 years of quality and educational television broadcasting in the Springfield and Jacksonville, Illinois area. 
For three decades, PBS Springfield has de-
livered a service known for excellence in pro-gramming to the people of West Central Illi-nois. Their mission to impact children’s literacy and their commitment to the lifelong learning of adults have impacted thousands of people across the viewing area. 
Learning and literacy have been at the fore-
front of this station’s values. Over the years, they have sponsored numerous events such as training workshops to help parents and teachers use television as a tool for teaching kids about music, art, and reading. 
Over the past 30 years, PBS Springfield has 
enriched communities by building partnerships with local organizations. Through its First Book Program, PBS Springfield has impacted the hundreds of families by distributing free books to underprivileged children. 
As someone who grew up watching PBS, 
and as the father of three children who also enjoyed their shows, I recognize the impor-tance of educational programming for our chil-dren and I thank PBS Springfield for its com-mitment to education. To everyone at PBS Springfield, congratulations on 30 successful years on the air. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PAUL RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 240) making ap-propriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015, and for other purposes: 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Chair, I will 
vote in favor of H.R. 240 and the amendments thereto, because the bill meets our nation’s security needs while also maintaining fiscal discipline. 
H.R. 240 prioritizes funding for border secu-
rity at a time when it is badly needed and also checks the President’s executive overreach. This bill holds the President accountable for exceeding his constitutional authority and up-holds the rule of law. 
Though I am opposed to the President’s ex-
ecutive actions on immigration, I am com-mitted to fixing our broken immigration system. The Constitution authorizes the legislature, not the executive, to reform our immigration laws, and that is why I will continue working with my colleagues to secure our borders and fix our legal immigration system. Rather than trying to go around Congress, I would encourage the President to work with Congress to achieve real, lasting reform. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CAPTAIN TERRY 
TIMLEY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to a respected public servant, outstanding citizen, and dear friend, Captain Terry Timley. Sadly, Captain Timley passed away on Saturday, January 10, 2015. Funeral services were held on Friday, January 16, 2015 at 1:00 p.m., at the Macon Centreplex in Macon, Georgia. 
Captain Timley worked for almost 38 years 
in the Macon Police Department, which con-solidated with the sheriff’s office in January 2014 to become the Bibb County Sheriff’s Of-fice. He was the head of Criminal Investiga-tions of Property Crimes within the Criminal In-vestigations Division. 
Captain Timley devoted nearly four decades 
of dedicated service to the people of Macon through his meaningful contribution of energy, skill, and genuine passion. In 2013, the Macon Police Department presented Captain Timley with a Distinguished Service Award along with a Merit Award in recognition of his noble com-mitment to the safety of his community as well as the lasting impact he made within the work-place. Beyond these achievements and the re-spect held for him by his peers in law enforce-ment, he was an honorable human being who loved deeply and, in return, was deeply loved. 
Maya Angelou once said, ‘‘A great soul 
serves everyone all the time. A great soul never dies.’’ Captain Timley is one such great 
soul, who served humanity in a special way. Each day he graced the people around him with an enthusiastic sincerity of presence. His impression on this earth extends beyond him-self to the very wellbeing of the Macon com-munity, and for it he will be remembered by the community for time to come. 
On a personal note, my staff and I will al-
ways remember and cherish the times Captain Timley would poke his head into our Macon District Office to check on us just to see how we were doing and offer his help. 
Captain Timley is survived by his wife, 
Gwendolyn; children, Terry, Jr. and Tyler; sib-lings, Walter, William, Thelma, Jerry, and Ray-mond; and a host of other family members and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 700,000 people of the Sec-ond Congressional District salute Captain Terry Timley for his dedicated service and ex-ceptional impact on Macon, Georgia. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Captain Timley’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
HONORING BASEBALL LEGEND 
CARL RUSSELL LONG 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, today it is 
with a heavy heart that I rise to commemorate the life of Mr. Carl Russell Long, a passionate leader, public servant, and trailblazer who played baseball in the Negro League and later went on to become the first African American to integrate the Carolina League. Mr. Long will be greatly missed in his community of Kinston, throughout our great state of North Carolina, and by his fans across the country. 
Carl Russell Long was born May 9, 1935 in 
Rock Hill, South Carolina to William Long and the former Ella Griffin. In 1952, he joined the Negro League and began playing in the out-field for the Birmingham Black Barons and a number of other teams until joining the Kinston Eagles in 1956 where he became the first Afri-can American to play in the Carolina League. 
During his career, Mr. Long played for at 
least eight baseball teams and had more than 1,600 at bats. He had 57 home runs and a .275 batting average. In 1956, he was named the Carolina League’s All-Star and was also recognized as the League’s RBI leader. 
After retiring from baseball, he returned to 
the City of Kinston where he continued to be a trailblazer. He became Lenoir County’s first African American Deputy Sheriff and, in 1970, became the first African American detective to work for the county sheriff 
Carl Long was a member of the Negro 
League Players Association and in 2003 was inducted into the Kinston Professional Base-ball Hall of Fame. In 2013, he was one of only a dozen former Negro League players who were invited to the White House to meet President Barack Obama. 
Mr. Long leaves behind his loving wife of 58 
years, Ella Long, two children, Sotello and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JA8.007 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E83 January 20, 2015 
Cynthia Long Hightower, two grandchildren, 
Latoyha Polk Washington and John Polk, and one great-grandson Breylan Polk. 
Mr. Speaker, Carl Russell Long was a lov-
ing husband, father, and public servant. His untimely passing will surely be felt by all of those whose lives he touched. He will forever be missed but never forgotten in the City of Kinston, across North Carolina, and by base-ball fans everywhere. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on Janu-
ary 6, 2015, on Roll Call #2 on the question of the Election of the Speaker, I am not re-corded due to weather-related flight delays. Had I been present, I would have nominated N
ANCY PELOSI to be Speaker of the House. 
f 
PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND 
REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 14, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I am dis-
appointed that the Republican majority did not allow a single amendment on this bill that ben-efits powerful financial interests. Members ob-viously have concerns about elements of this bill—146 members opposed this identical bill last week. A previous version of this bill also earned more than 100 no votes last Congress. The 52 new members who began service last week were not able to offer an amendment ei-ther. 
These eleven bills make complex legal 
changes to our financial markets but no mem-ber of this Congress was afforded the oppor-tunity to make a change. I offered three dif-ferent amendments. All were rejected. 
My first amendment had the support of 
Chairman I
SSA and Representative P OLIS. If 
we had more time, Ranking Member C UM-
MINGS would have added his name. This 
amendment strikes Section 7. Section 7 moves us backwards in efforts to increase transparency in our financial markets. 
Section 7 would exempt more than 70 per-
cent of public companies from complying with the eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) requirement. This exemption would completely undermine progress already made by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Going back to the 19th century approach, re-quiring investors, academics, regulators and the public to read reams of filing papers is definitely not what we should be doing. In-stead, we should provide the data in struc-tured data sets available for bulk downloads for comparison and analysis by investors, aca-demics, the regulators and the public. 
The SEC has made incredible progress in 
catching up with more than two dozen other nations that collect information this way. It has also made it easier for firms. A recent study by XBRL.US found that the average cost of 
submission was only $10,000. In fact, seventy percent of firms in the study reported a cost of less than $10,000. 
The costs to individual firms is offset by the 
benefits those firms will receive because in-vestors have easier access to data to make investment decisions. Society will also benefit by having financial data more readily avail-able. 
My second amendment required the Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission to finalize its CEO pay ratio rule within 60 days of the bill’s enactment. CEO pay rose an average of 4% last year. The average CEO earns more than 330 times his or her average employee. 
My third amendment highlights what we 
really need to do to create jobs—end the mindless sequestration cuts which prevent us from making needed investments in infrastruc-ture, housing, basic research, etc. It also strikes the language that further delays the transition to a safer financial system. 
It is wrong that bills that help Wall Street 
and multi-national corporations get fast- tracked while bills that help working families have been slow-walked for years. 
(From XBRL.US) 
CONSEQUENCES OF XBRL E XEMPTION IN H.R. 
37—M INIMAL SAVINGS , R EDUCED TRANS -
PARENCY AND ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR  
SMALL COMPANIES  
NEWYORK, NY—The goal of Title VII in 
H.R. 37 is to reduce the burden on small pub-lic companies by delaying the XBRL (eXten-sible Business Reporting Language) for-matting requirement for companies with revenue under $250 million for a minimum of three years. The XBRL exemption in the bill will not reduce the burden on small compa-nies. 
The savings from an XBRL exemption is 
only $10,000 per year for most small compa-nies. A December 2014 study conducted by XBRL US found that the average annual cost of XBRL filing for companies defined as ‘‘small companies’’ per the U.S. Securities and Exchange (SEC) definition is $10,406; and 70% pay $10,000 or less. These figures dem-onstrate that the annual cost of XBRL cre-ation is low relative to the benefits that XBRL formatting can provide. Financial data in XBRL format is significantly more functional and timely, and therefore less costly for investors and analysts, than tradi-tional HTML data, which must be rekeyed and vetted before use. 
The study was based on aggregating annual 
costs for 1,299 companies, working with 14 separate service providers, geographically dispersed around the country. The dataset captures 32% of all companies with the small company designation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MIKE 
MCGOWAN 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of former Yolo County Supervisor Mike McGowan, to celebrate his career and many accomplishments. Mr. McGowan served the people of West Sacramento and Yolo County for nearly three decades and now is a leader with the State of California’s Depart-ment of Motor Vehicles. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring him and cele-
brating his incredible contributions to our com-munity. 
A lifetime Yolo County resident, Mr. 
McGowan served his nation in the United States Marine Corps during the Vietnam War. After the war, he returned to Sacramento and graduated from California State University, Sacramento and the University of Pacific’s McGeorge School of Law. He and his wife, Sue, have a daughter, Becky, and two grand-children, Phoebe and Franklin. 
In 1987 Mr. McGowan began his illustrious 
career in public service. He was instrumental in the formation of the City of West Sac-ramento, serving as the city’s first Mayor and continuing to serve on the City Council for six years. After his time on the City Council, Mr. McGowan was elected to the Yolo County Board of Supervisors, where he represented the people of West Sacramento and Clarks-burg for over two decades. He would serve as chairman of the Port of West Sacramento Commission, and as a board member of a number of organizations including Yolo County Transportation District, Delta Protection Com-mission, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Yolo County Housing Commission, Sacramento Re-gional Counties Sanitation District, Sac-ramento Area Council of Governments, Local Mental Health Board, Sacramento Area Trade & Commerce Advisory Board, Yolo-Solano Air Quality Management Board and as an officer on the California State Association of Coun-ties’ executive committee. 
Mr. McGowan worked tirelessly to protect 
our region’s natural resources, promote agri-cultural growth, and improve Yolo County’s economy. As a Supervisor, he worked with Governor Jerry Brown on the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. I have always en-joyed working closely with Mr. McGowan, as he has been a true partner on a number of critical issues; including complex water, flood protection and transportation projects. 
In 2013, Mr. McGowan was appointed by 
Governor Brown as Deputy Director of Stra-tegic Planning and Policy for the Department of Motor Vehicles. In recognition of his stead-fast commitment to the City of West Sac-ramento, the city named a bridge over the Barge Canal, the Mike McGowan Bridge and the West Sacramento Chamber of Commerce has renamed their annual leadership award the Mike McGowan West Sacramentan of the Year Award. With these honors, future genera-tions will know what Mike McGowan has meant to West Sacramento and Yolo County. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in thanking and recognizing former Supervisor Mike McGowan for his many years of exem-plary public service and to wish him continued personal and professional success. 
f 
HONORING DAVID R. SHEDD 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate and pay tribute to David R. Shedd, one of the premier leaders of our na-tion’s intelligence community. Mr. Shedd was named Acting Director of the Defense Intel-ligence Agency in August 2014, following four 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JA8.011 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E84 January 20, 2015 
years of service as the Deputy Director. He 
leads the Defense Intelligence Enterprise workforce, which comprises more than 16,500 military and civilian employees worldwide. Mr. Shedd retires on January 23, 2015, with 32 years of honorable service. Throughout his distinguished career, Mr. Shedd has displayed remarkable vision, leadership, and an unwav-ering commitment to our nation’s security that 
are worthy of our recognition. 
A driving force in the intelligence commu-
nity, Mr. Shedd initiated necessary improve-ments to information sharing and intelligence integration, better preparing the IC as a whole to confront national security threats. From May 2007 to August 2010, Mr. Shedd served as the Director of National Intelligence Deputy for Policy, Plans, and Requirements, where he was responsible for overseeing the formulation and implementation of major IC policies across the full spectrum of issues, from infor-mation sharing and IC authorities to analytic standards, among others. In particular, he led the review of Executive Order 12333, the foundational U.S. intelligence policy, which was revised by President George W. Bush in July 2008. Additionally, Mr. Shedd developed and implemented a National Intelligence Strat-egy for the IC that was published in August 2009, and led all strategic planning efforts to determine future intelligence priorities for the Community and the nation. In all these posi-tions, Mr. Shedd was at the forefront of our nation’s most critical intelligence reforms dur-ing a crucial point in our history. 
From May 2005 to April 2007, Mr. Shedd 
served as Chief of Staff and later as Acting Di-rector of the Intelligence Staff to the Director of National Intelligence. Prior to the creation of the Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence, Mr. Shedd held intelligence policy po-sitions at the National Security Council from February 2001 to May 2005. He served as the NSC’s Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Intelligence Programs and Reform. Mr. Shedd has been directly involved in the implementation of intelligence reform stemming from the 9/11 Commission report in July 2004, the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004, and the Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Commission’s report to the President in March 2005. 
From 1984 to 1993, Mr. Shedd was posted 
overseas in U.S. Embassies in Costa Rica and Mexico. Mr. Shedd has also held various senior management assignments at the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency, including Chief of Congressional Liaison. 
Mr. Speaker, as the Acting Director of the 
Defense Intelligence Agency, Mr. Shedd pro-vided vision and continuity at an important and transformational time in the Agency’s history. He worked to strengthen integration and col-laboration with the Combatant Commands, and to make DIA more flexible and responsive to intelligence requirements. DIA is more ready today than at any other time in its his-tory to support our warfighters though expedi-tionary operations and robust reach-back sup-port. Through his exceptional knowledge and superb communication skills, Mr. Shedd served as a critical bridge between the military intelligence community and its civilian over-seers on time-sensitive intelligence issues. During this period of fiscal austerity, Mr. Shedd also addressed several significant issues concerning workforce shaping in order to better position DIA to be more relevant and mission capable. Of note, Mr. Shedd acted as 
an effective mentor for DIA’s workforce, gener-ously making himself available to the most junior employees and providing expert guid-ance, judgment, and counsel at every oppor-tunity. Without question, the bedrock principles of placing people first and selfless service de-fined all of David Shedd’s leadership deci-sions. He leaves behind a more innovative and collaborative DIA, one that will be ready to face our national security challenges and support its most important customers: the sol-diers, sailors, airmen, Marines, and civilians who stand in harm’s way around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, while the Intelligence Commu-
nity will be losing a leader who has answered the call time and again at critical points in our nation’s history, I know David will be happy to spend more time with his wife Lisa and their sons Jeremy and DJ, as well as DJ’s wife Megan. Despite giving so much to the nation during his remarkable career, David always ensured that he was an exemplary husband and father as well as a devoted son. On be-half of a grateful nation and my colleagues in the U.S. Congress, I thank David and his fam-ily for his many years of faithful service and a job well done, and I wish him the very best of luck in his future endeavors as a teacher and speaker, and in his charitable endeavors that are so close to his heart. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably 
detained and not present for roll call vote number 32, Salmon of Arizona Part B Amend-ment No. 4 to H.R. 240. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on the amendment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TAMMY DUCKWORTH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, on Janu-
ary 12, 2015, on Roll Call #17 on the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 203— Clay Hunt SAV Act, I am not recorded be-cause I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 12, 2015, on Roll Call #18 on 
the Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass H.R. 33—Protecting Volunteer Firefighters and Emergency Responders Act, I am not re-corded because I was absent for medical rea-sons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #20 on 
Ordering the Previous Question for H. Res. 27, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #21 on 
H. Res. 27, Providing for consideration of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act; H.R. 185, the Regulatory Accountability Act of 2015; and H.R. 240, Making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal 
year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #23 on 
Agreeing to the McKinley of West Virginia Amendment to H.R. 185, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #24 on 
Agreeing to the Johnson of Georgia Amend-ment to H.R. 185, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #25 on 
Agreeing to the Jackson Lee of Texas Amend-ment to H.R. 185, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #26 on 
Agreeing to the Connolly of Virginia Amend-ment to H.R. 185, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #27 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 185, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 13, 2015, on Roll Call #28 on 
Passage of H.R. 185—Regulatory Account-ability Act of 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #29 on 
Agreeing to the Aderholt of Alabama Amend-ment to H.R. 240, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #30 on 
Agreeing to the Blackburn of Tennessee Amendment to H.R. 240, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #31 on 
Agreeing to the DeSantis of Florida Amend-ment to H.R. 240, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #32 on 
Agreeing to Salmon of Arizona Amendment to H.R. 240, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #33 on 
Agreeing to the Schock of Illinois Amendment to H.R. 240, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #34 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit of H.R. 240, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #35 on 
Passage of H.R. 240—Department of Home-land Security Appropriations Act, 2015, I am not recorded because I was absent for med-ical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #36 on 
the Democratic Motion to Recommit of H.R. 37, I am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
On January 14, 2015, on Roll Call #37 on 
Passage of H.R. 37—Promoting Job Creation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JA8.015 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E85 January 20, 2015 
and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, I 
am not recorded because I was absent for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
HONORING HENRY A.J. APICE 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, in grateful 
acknowledgement of his service to our country in World War II, I note the passing of Henry 
A.J. Apice, of Southampton, Bucks County. A proud member of the United States Marine Corps during World War II, Mr. Apice joined the National Guard in 1938. Later, while serv-ing as a Marine he saw action in the South 
Pacific and was a survivor of the battle for Iwo Jima. In the post-war years, he continued his activities with various veterans’ organizations and was a life member of the Order of Devil Dogs. Most recently, he was a member and Guardian of the Washington Crossing National Cemetery, where he will be buried with full military honors. He is survived by his wife, Marjorie, his children, grandchildren, great- 
grandchildren and great-great grandchildren, along with six siblings. Mr. Apice will be re-membered for his devotion to his family and country and now joins the proud line of vet-erans from all our nation’s wars who, through-out history, have been the guardians of our liberty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JA8.017 E20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D40 Tuesday, January 20, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
House and Senate met in Joint Session to receive a State of the Union 
Address from the President of the United States. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S249–S300 
Measures Introduced: Eleven bills and three reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 189–199, and S. Res. 28–30.
                                                               Page S283 
Measures Reported: 
S. Res. 28, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
                                                                                              Page S283 
Measures Passed: 
Condemning The Terrorist Attacks In Paris: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 29, condemning the ter-rorist attacks in Paris, offering condolences to the families of the victims, expressing solidarity with the people of France, and reaffirming fundamental free-dom of expression.
                                                      Page S300 
National School Choice Week: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 30, designating the week of January 25 through January 31, 2015, as ‘‘National School Choice Week’’.
                                                                              Page S300 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate re-
sumed consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                  Pages S255–59, S260–72 
Adopted: 
By 94 yeas to 5 nays (Vote No. 6), Portman/Sha-
heen Modified Amendment No. 3 (to Amendment No. 2), to promote energy efficiency. 
                                                         Pages S255, S263–65, S266–67 
Rejected: 
Markey/Baldwin Amendment No. 13 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to ensure that oil transported through the Keystone XL pipeline into the United States is used to reduce United States dependence on Middle Eastern oil. (By 57 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 4), Senate tabled the amendment.)
         Pages S255, S265–66 Cantwell (for Franken) Amendment No. 17 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to require the use of iron, steel, and manufactured goods produced in the United States in the construction of the Keystone XL Pipe-line and facilities. (By 53 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. 5), Senate tabled the amendment.)
        Pages S255, S266 
Pending: 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                     Page S255 
Fischer Amendment No. 18 (to Amendment No. 
2), to provide limits on the designation of new fed-erally protected land.
                                                 Page S267 
Schatz Amendment No. 58 (to Amendment No. 
2), to express the sense of Congress regarding cli-mate change.
                                                          Pages S267–68 
Murkowski (for Lee) Amendment No. 33 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to conform citizen suits under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.
                Page S268 
Durbin Amendment No. 69 (to Amendment No. 
2), to ensure that the storage and transportation of petroleum coke is regulated in a manner that ensures the protection of public and ecological health. 
                                                                                      Pages S268–70 
Murkowski (for Toomey) Amendment No. 41 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to continue cleaning up fields and streams while protecting neighborhoods, gener-ating affordable energy, and creating jobs.
     Page S270 
Whitehouse Amendment No. 29 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of the Senate that cli-mate change is real and not a hoax.
           Pages S270–72 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, January 21, 2015.
                                                                                  Page S300 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting the report on the State of the Union 
delivered to a Joint Session of Congress on January 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JA5.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D41 January 20, 2015 
20, 2015; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
(PM–1)                                                                       Pages S277–81 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:    Pages S249, S281 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S281–83 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S283–84 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S284–91 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S274–77 
Amendments Submitted:                         Pages S291–S300 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S300 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S300 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—6)                                                                 Pages S266–67 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10:20 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, January 21, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record 
on page S300.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported committee rules of procedure, and an original resolution author-izing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 405–421; 1 private bill, H.R. 422; and 1 resolution, H.J. Res. 22, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H429–30 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H431 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 38, providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 161) to provide for the timely consideration of all licenses, permits, and approvals required under Federal law with respect to the siting, construction, expansion, or operation of any natural gas pipeline projects, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United States Code, to 
protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–3).
                                   Page H429 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Jolly to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                       Page H413 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:13 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                      Page H414 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and agree to the following measure: 
Condemning the recent terrorist attacks in 
Paris: H. Res. 37, expressing the sense of the House 
of Representatives condemning the recent terrorist attacks in Paris that resulted in the deaths of seven-teen innocent persons and offering condolences to 
those personally affected by this cowardly act. 
                                                                                      Pages H416–18 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:36 p.m. and recon-
vened at 4:25 p.m.                                                      Page H419 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:26 p.m. and recon-
vened at 8:35 p.m.                                                      Page H419 
State of the Union Address: President Barack 
Obama delivered his State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress, pursuant to the provi-sions of H. Con. Res. 7. He was escorted into the House Chamber by a committee comprised of Rep-resentatives McCarthy, Scalise, McMorris Rodgers, Walden, Messer, Jenkins (KS), Foxx, Pelosi, Hoyer, Clyburn, Becerra, Crowley, DeLauro, Edwards, and Takai and Senators McConnell, Cornyn, Hatch, Thune, Barrasso, Blunt, Wicker, Durbin, Schumer, Murray, Leahy, Tester, Stabenow, and Klobuchar. The President’s message was referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–1). 
                                                                                      Pages H419–24 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 10:21 p.m. 
VerDate Mar 15 2010 04:21 Nov 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\D20JA5.REC D20JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D42 January 20, 2015 
Committee Meetings 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD 
PROTECTION ACT; NATURAL GAS PIPELINE PERMITTING REFORM ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 36, the ‘‘Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act’’; and H.R. 161, the ‘‘Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 5–3, a closed rule for H.R. 161. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule granted a closed rule for H.R. 36. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, and Representatives Pompeo, Tonko, and Cohen. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JANUARY 21, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
global challenges and United States national security strategy, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine protecting the Internet and con-sumers through congressional action, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: organiza-
tional business meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, and committee rules of procedure, 10:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine Iran nuclear negotiations, focusing on the status of talks and the role of Congress, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine No Child Left Behind, focusing on testing and accountability, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Daniel Henry Marti, of Virginia, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President, Alfred H. Bennett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., all to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: organizational business 
meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing ex-penditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, committee rules of procedure, and H.R. 203, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the con-duct of annual evaluations of mental health care and sui-cide prevention programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, 10 a.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Pro-tecting the Internet and Consumers Through Congres-sional Action’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘A Perma-
nent Solution to the SGR: The Time Is Now’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, organi-
zational meeting for the 114th Congress, 2 p.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, organiza-
tional meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, organi-
zational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 399, the ‘‘Secure 
Our Borders First Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, organiza-
tional meeting for the 114th Congress; markup on H.R. 181, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’; H.R. 350, to direct the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes; H.R. 159, the ‘‘Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 285, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling advertising that offers certain com-mercial sex acts, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 11 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JA5.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D43 January 20, 2015 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Unmanned Aerial 
Systems Research and Development’’, 2:30 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘FAA Reauthorization: Reform-ing and Streamlining the FAA’s Regulatory Certification Processes’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, organi-
zational meeting for the 114th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘Building a Better VA: Assessing Ongoing Major Con-struction Management Problems within the Department’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, organi-
zational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10:15 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JA5.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD44 January 20, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, January 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipe-line. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, January 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 161— 
Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 36—Pain-Capable Unborn Child Pro-tection Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bass, Karen, Calif., E81 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E82 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E82 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E81 Cole, Tom, Okla., E84 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E82 Duckworth, Tammy, Ill., E83, E84 
Ellison, Keith, Minn., E83 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E81, E85 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E80 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E83 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E79 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E83 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E79 Poe, Ted, Tex., E81 
Rogers, Harold, Ky., E80 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E80 Ryan, Paul, Wisc., E82 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E79, E80 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E79 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jan 21, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D20JA5.REC D20JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST