Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H537 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 2015 No. 12 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
January 26, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R ICKW. 
ALLEN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLANS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, paying for 
college is hard work, and it is getting more difficult as tuition and fees con-tinue to increase at rapid rates. 
Fortunately, American families have 
an investment tool known as a 529 plan to help them save for their child’s col-lege education. Since 2001, students have been able to withdraw earnings from these plans tax free if the funds are used to pay for qualified higher education expenses. It was disheartening to learn last 
week that President Obama now wants to tax those withdrawals and treat the earnings as student income, which would hurt a child’s chances of receiv-ing financial aid. With student loan debt surpassing credit card debt, it is incredibly irresponsible of the Presi-dent to take away this valuable tool that millions of American families use 
to save for college. 
House Republicans will fight this at-
tempt to raise taxes on hardworking American families. We want to encour-age, not discourage, families from in-vesting in their child’s future. 
f 
PRESIDENT EARNS THREE 
PINOCCHIOS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Our 
diplomacy is at work with respect to Iran where, for the first time in a dec-ade, we have halted the progress of its nuclear program and reduced its stock-pile of nuclear material.’’ 
This absurd claim by the President 
last week earned him three Pinocchios from The Washington Post. Many dis-agree, including a former International Atomic Energy Agency, IAEA, official, who says: 
It appears that the production of cen-
trifuge components continues. No new nuclear components have been in-stalled, but it does not mean that the production of those came to a halt. 
For over a decade, the United States, 
along with the rest of the U.N. Secu-rity Council, has tried, but failed, to reach a deal with Tehran on its nuclear weapon program. Iran has defiantly marched toward developing nuclear weapons, while refusing to negotiate with the United States in good faith. Instead, its leaders have continued to call for the destruction of Israel and the destruction of the United States. Now, isn’t that lovely. Just this November, in the midst of 
nuclear negotiations, the Iranian Revo-lutionary Guard Corps released this statement: 
The United States is still the great 
Satan and number one enemy of the Is-lamic Revolution and the Islamic Re-public and the Iranian nation. 
Iran’s actions over the years are not 
surprising. After all, it is the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism. Using both its own military operatives and its proxy, Hezbollah, Iran has planned attacks, terror, and murder throughout the globe. Hezbollah is the puppet, but Iran pulls the strings. 
Finally, after years of Iran stalling 
and defying calls to halt its nuclear weapon development, the West played hardball with sanctions, primarily tar-geting Iran’s bank and energy indus-tries. The sanctions worked. Iran’s GDP dropped for the first time in 20 years, and Iran finally came to the ne-gotiating table. 
Then came the white flag and the 
great retreat of 2013. The administra-tion relaxed sanctions just when Iran was beginning to feel the consequences of its actions. Relaxing sanctions has helped Iran, helped its economy, and resulted in Iran reverting to its defiant ways. 
Mr. Speaker, sanctions worked. Now 
is not the time to retreat, appease and play the Chamberlain. If anything, we should increase sanctions. Congress is trying to do that, but the President has now publicly told Congress—and Iran— that he will veto any legislation that increases sanctions. This seems to be at odds with United States national se-curity. Negotiators in Europe and the U.S. want to relax sanctions. They are acting like timid sheep. They cannot lay down with the jackal of the desert, Iran, for they shall be his mutton meal. Mr. Speaker, loosening up on sanctions is foolish, dangerous, and not dealing in reality. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.000 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H538 January 26, 2015 
Further, the Iranian negotiations do 
not even discuss intercontinental bal-listic missiles. Why is Iran building intercontinental ballistic missiles? Prime Minister Netanyahu said it best: 
Iran isn’t building ICBMs for Israel. 
They have missiles that can hit us. They are building ICBMs to hit Amer-ica. 
Iran wants ICBMs to carry a nuclear 
weapon across the pond to us, the U.S. A top adviser to Iranian President Has-san Rouhani recently said: 
Obama is the weakest of all U.S. 
Presidents. 
Now is the time for the leader of the 
free world to prove Iran wrong. The world, including our enemies, are watching. The U.S. must make it clear and unequivocal: there will be no re-ductions in sanctions without verified steps to show that Tehran is aban-doning, not just freezing, its nuclear weapon program. If Iran obtains nukes, the consequences are all bad. Israel will be less secure. The United States will be less secure. Other nations, like Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Egypt, will all seek and obtain nukes to balance power in the Middle East. 
The Iranian Government cannot be 
dealt with like normal countries. This ‘‘hug diplomacy’’ with them is not in the national security interest of the U.S. Their Supreme Leader has never wavered on his religious and political agenda to destroy the United States. Iran must be forced to cease its nuclear weapon program by sanctions. We must impose such sanctions that cripple Iran’s economy to force the Iranians to stop their nuclear weapon develop-ment. And hopefully at some point the people of Iran will soon have had enough warmongering by its leaders and replace their government. 
And, Mr. Speaker, that is just the 
way it is. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, O God, for giv-
ing us another day. 
We ask Your blessing upon this peo-
ple’s House, as we are in the beginning days of this new Congress. Encompass with Your power all the walls of this building, truly a symbol to the world of inalienable rights and the freedom of 
people. 
Guide and protect Your elected serv-
ants in government and all who work in this place. May all who visit here be treated with respect and kindness. 
May the comings and goings of Your 
people be under the seal of Your loving care and all work accomplished here this day be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. PITTS led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
REMEMBERING CHIEF JAMES 
ALLEN 
(Mr. WOMACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in remembrance of a terrific leader and public servant in northwest Arkansas, Rogers Police Chief James Allen, who passed away last Thursday after a long battle with cancer. 
Chief Allen began his law enforce-
ment career in 1977 as a patrolman and EMT for the Jacksonville, Arkansas, Police Department, and then served with the Arkansas Alcoholic Beverage Control Enforcement Division and the Pulaski County Sheriff’s Office before moving to Bentonville in 1989, where he enjoyed 22 years of faithful and dedi-cated service as that city’s chief. 
In 2011, Chief Allen left Bentonville 
to serve my hometown of Rogers, where his leadership and profes-sionalism were admired by all. He leaves behind a law enforcement com-munity shaped impeccably by a firm but fair leadership standard. 
Our two communities, Mr. Speaker, 
mourn with his family and friends, and it is with a heavy heart that we say good-bye to this respected law enforce-ment professional. 
Rest in peace, Chief Allen. Our State 
and Nation are forever grateful for your service. 
f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT CRISIS 
(Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-
sylvania asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute 
and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here and speak on the House floor for the first time. I want to thank my con-stituents, the 13th Congressional Dis-trict of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia and Montgomery County, for giving me this unique opportunity. 
Mr. Speaker, I am here to speak 
about an issue that affects millions of Americans in the middle class, myself included—the student loan debt crisis. While I applaud President Obama’s an-nouncement of the America’s College Promise proposal, which would provide 2 years of community college to re-sponsible students, we do need to make expansion of higher education more en-during through the weight of legisla-tive action. 
According to the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, student loan debt has become the largest form of con-sumer debt in the United States other than mortgages. The financial load on America’s students has more than tri-pled over the past decade to well over $1 trillion. The formidable costs that aspiring students face as they consider college or trade school poses an enor-mous obstacle to their personal and professional development. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to many 
other occasions to speak about this issue, as we clearly have to deal with it as a nation and come together. 
f 
INDIA HUMAN RIGHTS 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to bring attention to the state of reli-gious freedom and pluralism in India. In a very troubling pattern, India’s his-toric pluralism is being replaced with intolerance, division, and majoritarianism. 
Reports from NGOs, one of which I 
will submit for the R
ECORD today, have 
documented a rise in attacks by Hindu nationalists against minority Christian populations in the first 100 days of the new government. Continuing reports show a pattern of targeting religious minorities, including India’s notably moderate Muslim population. The burning of churches, brutal beatings, intimidation, and arrests of pastors have created a tenuous climate in In-dian society. 
As the government embarks on eco-
nomic reforms, it should not ignore the plight of minorities. Newly elected Prime Minister Modi must speak out and act on this violence. Furthermore, the Obama administration must forc-ibly speak out on behalf of oppressed populations. Human rights should be elevated in the strategic dialogue be-tween our two countries. Our govern-ment must display moral clarity in our approach to gross violations of inter-national religious freedom—no matter where they occur. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.004 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H539 January 26, 2015 
FULFILLING PROMISE TO 
PHILIPPINE ARMY VETERANS 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to ask my colleagues to join me in righting a wrong that has existed since the end of World War II. Around 250,000 Filipino soldiers fought alongside U.S. forces in World War II. In 1946, Presi-dent Truman stated that it is a ‘‘moral obligation of the United States to look after the welfare of the Philippine Army veterans.’’ 
Forty-four years later, President 
Bush signed the Immigration Act of 1990, which offered citizenship to around 26,000 Filipino World War II vet-erans, but it did not include their im-mediate families. Today, the number of surviving veterans is dwindling. Fewer than 4,000 are still alive. Many of these veterans live in Hawaii. 
It is our duty to see this obligation 
through and to take care of those who have fought for our country. We must lift limitations on immigrant visas and restrictions for their children. I ask you to join me in making good on our Nation’s commitment to these service-members. 
f 
SECURING OUR SOUTHERN 
BORDER 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, this 
past weekend, I traveled to McAllen, Texas, down to our border, to once again tour the intake facilities that are being used to process the tens of thousands of individuals who are cross-ing into the United States each year. 
This problem has not gone away. 
Last summer, I spent time at home lis-tening to my constituents at town hall meetings. The number one concern for Texans was the influx of illegal immi-grants into our State. For Texans, this has meant a strain on our classrooms, a strain on our hospitals, a major strain on local law enforcement and our economy in general. 
Last year, the President refused to 
come to the Texas border. The Presi-dent so far has refused to govern. The President has refused to follow the rule of law and continues to turn our once- porous border into a wide-open space. 
As such, we must do all we can to se-
cure the southern border and send a loud and clear message to the child traffickers and to the drug smugglers who are taking children on a treach-erous journey from Central America to the United States and setting them up for failure once they are here. We must end this human rights crisis. The cor-rect way is to secure our southern bor-der. COMMUNITY COLLEGE PROPOSAL 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last week in 
his State of the Union Address, Presi-dent Obama proposed to fund publicly the first 2 years of community college for all Americans. 
As a former community college presi-
dent, I am a huge fan of community colleges and the great educational op-portunities they provide students from all walks of life. However, I am re-minded of the old Peanuts cartoon where Linus says to Lucy: ‘‘Every time there’s a good suggestion, someone brings up the budget.’’ 
Making higher education affordable 
and attainable for America’s students must be a priority, but President Obama’s $60 billion proposal is the wrong approach for the Federal Gov-ernment to take. Rather than yet an-other top-down Federal Government boondoggle, we need to focus on new ways to promote innovation, access, and completion, and we need to elimi-nate Federal impediments that prevent institutions from delivering higher education in more creative, cost-effec-tive ways. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on January 26, 2015 at 12:47 p.m.: 
That the Senate adopted Senate Resolu-
tion 38, relative to the death of Wendell H. Ford. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: 
Mr. S
MITH, New Jersey, Chairman. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
CONGRESSIONAL-EXECUTIVE COMMISSION ON THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, 
and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Congressional- Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: 
Mr. S
MITH, New Jersey, Chairman. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1533 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
3 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m. 
f 
DISPENSING WITH MORNING-HOUR 
DEBATE ON TOMORROW 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morning-hour debate not apply tomor-row. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
PRIORITIZATION ACT 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 514) to prioritize the fight against human trafficking within the Depart-ment of State according to congres-sional intent in the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 without in-creasing the size of the Federal Gov-ernment, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 514 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Human Traf-
ficking Prioritization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The International Labor Organization 
estimates that nearly 21,000,000 people are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.006 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H540 January 26, 2015 
subjected to modern slavery around the 
world at any given time and that the major-ity of the enslaved are women and girls. 
(2) Congress authorized the creation of a 
Department of State Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons in the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (divi-sion A of Public Law 106–386) in order to di-rectly assist the Secretary of State in his or her effort to coordinate a United States Gov-ernment interagency response to domestic and international trafficking in persons. 
(3) The Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-
ficking in Persons monitors trafficking worldwide and produces the online and print-ed versions of the annual Trafficking in Per-sons Report, which is Congress’ primary re-source for human trafficking reporting, anal-ysis, and recommendations on the United States and 186 countries around the world. 
(4) The annual Trafficking in Persons Re-
port contains tier rankings of each country on which it reports, and these tier rankings have become an essential diplomatic tool for promoting protection for victims, prevention of trafficking, and prosecution of perpetra-tors. 
(5) Some countries have openly stated, and 
many others have confided, that dramatic improvements in the country’s human traf-ficking record were directly related to avoid-ance of a low tier ranking in the annual Trafficking in Persons Report. 
(6) Ambassador Mark Lagon, former Am-
bassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons (2007–2009), testified before the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives on April 18, 2013, that ‘‘[T]he State De-partment does a tremendous job in producing a report which tells it like it is, offering ob-jective rankings. Yet at times it pulls punches, typically due to the urging of re-gional specialists rather than the TIP Of-fice’s dedicated experts on trafficking.’’. 
(7) Ambassador John Miller, former Am-
bassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons (2002–2006), recently stated that, ‘‘Upgrading the status of the Of-fice to a Bureau will not create additional bureaucracy—it will simply give JTIP and the Ambassador-at-large who heads it equal standing with regional and functional bu-reaus at the State Department. That stand-ing is absolutely essential for the issue to re-main a priority, especially when multiple U.S. interests are engaged.’’. 
(8) The tier ranking process authorized by 
Congress in the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 has been in some instances compromised by the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking subordinate stature within the Department of State. 
(9) It is essential for Congress and the Sec-
retary of State to be accurately informed re-garding United States and foreign country successes and failures in the fight against human trafficking. 
(10) The diplomatic power and credibility 
of the Trafficking in Persons Report is based on rigorous scholarship and scrupulous appli-cation of the minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking and is un-dermined by political, rather than factual, tier rankings. 
(11) Strong and effective anti-slavery pol-
icy requires that officials from the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking have equal hierarchical standing with State Department regional bureaus and direct access to the Secretary of State. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-
ficking of the Department of State will be more effective in carrying out duties man-
dated by Congress in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 if the Office status is changed to that of a Bureau within the De-partment hierarchy; 
(2) the change in status from Office to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking to a Bureau can be accomplished without increasing the number of personnel or the budget of the current Office; 
(3) a Bureau to Monitor and Combat Traf-
ficking would be more effective in carrying out duties mandated by Congress in the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 if the Bureau were headed by an Assistant Sec-retary with direct access to the Secretary of State, rather than an Ambassador-at-Large; and 
(4) the Secretary of State should review 
the current use of the 24 Assistant Secretary positions authorized by section 1(c)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(c)(1)) and make appro-priate revisions, consolidations, and elimi-nations, to ensure that those positions re-flect the highest Departmental needs and foreign policy priorities of the United States, including efforts to combat traf-ficking in persons. 
SEC. 4. BUREAU TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN 
PERSONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105(e) of the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(e)) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘O
FFICE TO  
MONITOR AND COMBAT TRAFFICKING ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘B UREAU TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN  
PERSONS ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau to Combat Trafficking in Persons’’; 
(B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and 
(C) in the sixth sentence, by striking ‘‘Of-
fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), by 
striking ‘‘Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau to Com-bat Trafficking in Persons’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in the Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 or in any other Act to the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall be deemed to be a reference to the Bureau to Combat Traf-ficking in Persons. 
SEC. 5. REPORT REGARDING DESIGNATION OF 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE TO COMBAT TRAFFICKING IN PER-SONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report detailing— 
(1) for each current Assistant Secretary of 
State position— 
(A) the title of that Assistant Secretary of 
State; 
(B) how long that particular Assistant Sec-
retary designation has been in existence; and 
(C) whether that particular Assistant Sec-
retary designation was legislatively man-dated or authorized and, if so, the relevant statutory citation for such mandate or au-thorization; and 
(2) whether the Secretary intends to des-
ignate one of the Assistant Secretary of State positions authorized by section 1(c)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a(c)(1)) as the As-sistant Secretary of State to Combat Traf-ficking in Persons, and the reasons for that decision. SEC. 6. COUNTRIES ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST FOR 
4 CONSECUTIVE YEARS THAT ARE DOWNGRADED AND REINSTATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST. 
Section 110(b)(2) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) C
OUNTRIES ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST FOR  
4 CONSECUTIVE YEARS THAT ARE DOWNGRADED  
AND REINSTATED ON SPECIAL WATCH LIST .— 
Notwithstanding subparagraphs (D) and (E), a country that— 
‘‘(i) was included on the special watch list 
described in subparagraph (A) for 4 consecu-tive years after the date of the enactment of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008; and 
‘‘(ii) was subsequently included on the list 
of countries described in paragraph (1)(C), may not thereafter be included on the spe-cial watch list described in subparagraph (A) for more than 1 consecutive year.’’. 
SEC. 7. COST LIMITATION. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated for ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ to carry out the provisions of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials into the R
ECORD  
that they may wish to include. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I might consume. 
Mr. Speaker, as our House of Rep-
resentatives continues its fight against human trafficking, I rise in support of this legislation, which is called the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act. This legislation will elevate consider-ation of trafficking issues within the Department of State to ensure that they receive the same attention as other diplomatic concerns. This is a struggle we have had for some time, trying to elevate these issues so that they are on par and given the serious-ness that we have tried to drive here in Congress. 
Congress created the Department of 
State’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons. We created that institution a decade and a half ago. We did it in the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000. The purpose of this Office was to better communicate and coordinate U.S. Government efforts to combat both domestic and inter-national trafficking. 
In line with this mandate, the Office 
prepares the annual Trafficking in Per-sons Report, which details anti-traf-ficking efforts of other countries and classifies countries as falling into one of three tiers based on their efforts to combat human trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.022 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H541 January 26, 2015 
These TIP Reports and their tier 
rankings have proven, as you know, ex-tremely useful in helping our dip-lomats fight human trafficking. It al-lows us to transform this issue into a global policy priority. We know that foreign governments have made real improvements in their work to combat trafficking as a result of these TIP Re-ports; and the reason this is so, of course, is because, as you talk to for-eign governments, they are very con-cerned about the threat of a low tier ranking. That gets international atten-tion today. That is sort of the leverage that we have on these governments to pass laws that are serious about going after trafficking. 
But we also understand that this an-
nual exercise is periodically con-strained by the Department’s regional diplomats who fear we may agitate for-eign governments when hard truths surface. A former Ambassador at Large on trafficking issues testified before Congress that the Department some-times ‘‘pulls punches’’ and defers to re-gional specialists on the TIP Report’s tier rankings rather than the TIP Of-fice’s trafficking experts. 
This is what we want to counter be-
cause what we want is the maximum pressure for foreign governments to follow through on their international commitments to try to abolish human trafficking. By elevating the Traf-ficking Office to a bureau, this meas-ure will give these experts the bureau-cratic standing they need to ensure their concerns are fully heard, effec-tively leveling the playing field for this annual process. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), the chairman 
of our Human Rights Subcommittee, for his years of leadership in this fight against human trafficking and for re-introducing this bill, which passed this House last July. 
I also thank the gentleman from 
Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) specifi-
cally for his efforts, as we have trav-eled in Asia, to pressure these govern-ments to end human trafficking. 
I urge the Members to support this 
important measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 514, 
the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act. 
First, let me thank the gentleman 
from California, Chairman R
OYCE , and 
the gentleman from New York, Rank-ing Member E
NGEL , for their leadership 
on this issue. I particularly want to thank my outstanding colleague from New Jersey, Congressman C
HRIS SMITH, 
for introducing this important piece of legislation and for the work he has done for so many years on this issue. This bill will elevate the Office to Mon-itor and Combat Trafficking to the sta-tus of a bureau within the State De-partment. 
Put simply, human trafficking is 
slavery. Victims of human trafficking are deprived of their individual free-
doms and suffer unimaginably harsh, coercive, and heartbreaking condi-tions. 
Reports indicate that there is no 
place in the world where children, women, and men are safe from human trafficking. That means that every government in the world has a respon-sibility to combat this problem. 
The United States has made signifi-
cant progress toward responding to these crimes within our borders and abroad since Congress passed the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act in 2000. Mr. Speaker, today we can take the next step forward by elevating the State Department’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons to a bureau. 
This Office is already doing incred-
ible work. The annual Trafficking in Persons Report has become the global gold standard in assessing how well governments around the world are meeting this challenge and how serious they take their responsibility to eradi-cate this horrific practice. Their work is forging partnerships and driving in-novation on how best to approach this problem, and the Office plays a key role in coordinating our whole-of-gov-ernment approach to this problem. Ele-vating the Trafficking Office to a bu-reau sends a strong message to the world that the United States remains committed to combating modern-day slavery. 
Passing this legislation alone will 
not end this despicable practice, and it is not a problem that we will solve quickly or easily. However, every step we take enhances our ability to pre-vent these crimes, protect victims, and punish those responsible. 
Mr. Speaker, we passed the same bill 
last Congress. I urge my colleagues to support and pass this important legis-lation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions, the author of this bill, but also, frankly, the architect of a long-run-ning strategy in this institution, in this Congress, to abolish this form of human slavery. When I think of Wil-liam Wilberforce, the one Member I know who exemplifies that spirit today is the gentleman from New Jersey, C
HRIS SMITH, who has worked on this 
mightily since the late nineties, and we are pleased that his bill is up before us today. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California, Chairman R
OYCE , for his 
very kind words and for working to ex-pedite the consideration of these im-portant bills. This is an historic week in the House as we seek to pass 12 bills to fight human trafficking. 
As the prime author of the landmark 
Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, as well as reauthorizations in ’03 
and ’05, I believe the bills under consid-eration by the House today will further prevent the horrific crimes of human trafficking, protect and assist the vic-tims, and aid the prosecution of those who exploit and abuse. 
I would also like to offer my pro-
found appreciation to Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY for ensuring that all 
of the hard work done in a bipartisan way in the House in the 113th session is not lost nor will it be delayed but, rather, immediately sent back to the Senate for action. 
Leader M
CCARTHY has explored nu-
merous ways, in meeting after meeting with Members, again, on both sides of the aisle, to find ways to prevent, to prosecute traffickers, and to protect victims. His deep personal commit-ment to ending modern-day slavery has and will continue to make a major dif-ference. 
Mr. Speaker, I offer this bill on be-
half of myself and the gentlewoman from California, Ranking Member K
AREN BASS, who is the chief cospon-
sor. 
I am proud to say the United States 
continues to lead the world in our traf-ficking responses at home and abroad, charting the course of best practices for other countries to follow. One of the most successful ways the U.S. transmits our best practices and en-sures accountability for the minimum standards to eliminate human traf-ficking is the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons in the U.S. Department of State. 
Over the last 15 years, this Office has 
been led by talented and dedicated Am-bassadors—including the most recent one, Luis CdeBaca, with whom we work very closely—who have produced the 
annual Trafficking in Persons Reports, laying bare the record of almost every country for the world to see and sum-marizing the country’s progress in what we call the annual tier rankings. 
b1545 
For the record, the TVPA established 
Tier 1 countries. They are the ones that fully meet the minimum stand-ards prescribed in the law. Tier 2 coun-tries do not meet the minimum stand-ards but are making a significant effort to do so. Tier 2 Watch List countries are in a grace period and in real danger of becoming Tier 3 without real action, not just promises of action. 
Tier 3 countries do not meet the 
standards and are not making signifi-cant effort to do so. Along with the em-barrassment of being listed on Tier 3, Tier 3 countries are susceptible to sanctions by the U.S. Government. 
Since the TIP Report’s inception, Mr. 
Speaker, more than 100 countries have enacted anti-trafficking laws, and many countries have taken other steps required to significantly raise their tier rankings—citing the TIP Report as a key factor in their new anti-traf-ficking efforts. It is a very robust ef-fort in our Embassies, and every coun-try of the world is a part of it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.009 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H542 January 26, 2015 
We have found a system that works; 
but, tragically, it is sometimes mis-guided, muffled, and marginalized by unrelated bilateral concerns and by the internal structure of the U.S. Depart-ment of State. 
As my dear friend, the chairman of 
the committee, said a moment ago, it was Ambassador Mark Lagon who talked about how they produce a great report, but then, typically, due to the urging of regional specialists rather than the TIP Office’s dedicated experts, the ranking and the process goes awry. 
The Human Trafficking 
Prioritization Act, or H.R. 514, will remedy this problem by keeping the fight against human trafficking from being lost in the politics of other U.S. interests. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 2 minutes. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
my friend for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 514 will raise the 
status of the J/TIP Office to that of a bureau, ensuring that the leadership of J/TIP is present and has an equal voice at meetings with the other bureaus and the Secretary of State. 
Former colleague, John Miller, an 
Ambassador at Large from 2002 to 2006 said: 
Upgrading the status of the Office to a bu-
reau will not create additional bureauc-racy—it will simply give J/TIP and the Am-bassador at Large who heads it equal stand-ing with regional and functional bureaus at the State Department. That standing is ab-solutely essential for the issue to remain a priority, especially when multiple U.S. inter-ests are engaged. 
We are not authorizing the J/TIP Of-
fice to be larger, but for the excellent work of the Office to be consistently heard at a higher level. 
In addition, the bill stops countries 
and other State Department bureaus from gaming the tier ranking system by limiting the time problem countries can use promises of action to avoid a tier downgrade. 
Currently, a country can sit on the 
Tier 2 Watch List for up to 4 years with Presidential waivers, effectively stringing the U.S. along with promises to take action, but never actually tak-ing action. After 4 years, by law, the country must be automatically down-graded to Tier 3. 
The law worked very well in its first 
implementation in the 2013 reporting cycle, but we discovered a problem in 2013, when China was prematurely up-graded from Tier 3 to the Tier 2 Watch List. As the law is currently written, Mr. Speaker, China can, again, game the system with promises and no ac-tion for 4 years. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield the gentleman as 
much time as he might consume. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act will hold countries like China accountable by limiting to 1 
year the amount of time a country can stay on the Tier 2 Watch List after the country was previously auto-down-graded to Tier 3. 
The Human Trafficking 
Prioritization Act builds on the suc-cesses of J/TIP and the tier ranking system for the sake of approximately 21 million people still living in modern- day slavery and, again, does so without increasing the cost of government. 
The Human Trafficking 
Prioritization Act will give J/TIP the integration, it will give it the voice it deserves within the State Department, and it will ensure accurate account-ability for countries failing to meet minimum standards for the elimi-nation of trafficking. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill, and, again, I thank my friend. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, seeing 
that I have no further requests for time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I might consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I have already men-
tioned the impact that these TIP Re-ports have. I want to point out that it is not every day that we can claim this kind of impact for a U.S. Government report. 
Mr. Speaker, those of us who have 
traveled and tried to enforce these laws know how effective this is. This legisla-tion here would make the TIP Report an even more influential diplomatic tool. 
I, again, want to thank Sub-
committee Chairman S
MITH for his au-
thoring the legislation and moving it through committee. 
I urge Members to support it, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 514. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW TO 
PREVENT DEMAND FOR CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 515) to protect children from ex-ploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered child- sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign govern-ments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 515 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-
TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Findings. 
Sec. 3. Definitions. Sec. 4. Angel Watch Center. Sec. 5. Sense of Congress provisions. Sec. 6. Enhancing the minimum standards 
for the elimination of traf-ficking. 
Sec. 7. Assistance to foreign countries to 
meet minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking. 
Sec. 8. Rules of construction. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Megan Nicole Kanka, who was 7 years 
old, was abducted, sexually assaulted, and murdered in 1994, in the State of New Jersey by a violent predator living across the street from her home. Unbeknownst to Megan Kanka and her family, he had been convicted previously of a sex offense against a child. 
(2) In 1996, Congress adopted Megan’s Law 
(Public Law 104–145) as a means to encourage States to protect children by identifying the whereabouts of sex offenders and providing the means to monitor their activities. 
(3) In 2006, Congress passed the Adam 
Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248) to protect children and the public at large by establishing a comprehensive national system for the reg-istration and notification to the public and law enforcement officers of convicted sex of-fenders. 
(4) Law enforcement reports indicate that 
known child-sex offenders are traveling internationally, and that the criminal back-ground of such individuals may not be known to local law enforcement prior to their arrival. 
(5) The commercial sexual exploitation of 
minors in child sex trafficking and pornog-raphy is a global phenomenon. The Inter-national Labour Organization has estimated that 1.8 million children worldwide are vic-tims of child sex trafficking and pornog-raphy each year. 
(6) Child sex tourism, where an individual 
travels to a foreign country and engages in sexual activity with a child in that country, is a form of child exploitation and, where commercial, child sex trafficking. 
(7) According to research conducted by The 
Protection Project of The Johns Hopkins University Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies, sex tourists from the United States who target children form a significant percentage of child sex tourists in some of the most significant destination countries for child sex tourism. 
(8) In order to protect children, it is essen-
tial that United States law enforcement be able to identify child-sex offenders in the United States who are traveling abroad and child-sex offenders from other countries en-tering the United States. Such identification requires cooperative efforts between the United States and foreign governments. In exchange for providing notice of child-sex of-fenders traveling to the United States, for-eign authorities will expect United States authorities to provide reciprocal notice of child-sex offenders traveling to their coun-tries. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.011 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H543 January 26, 2015 
(1) C ENTER .—The term ‘‘Center’’ means the 
Angel Watch Center established pursuant to section 4(a). 
(2) C
HILD-SEX OFFENDER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘child-sex of-
fender’’ means an individual who is a sex of-fender described in paragraph (3) or (4) of section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911) by reason of being convicted of a child-sex offense. 
(B) D
EFINITION OF CONVICTED .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘‘convicted’’ has the mean-ing given the term in paragraph (8) of section 111 of such Act. 
(3) C
HILD-SEX OFFENSE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘child-sex of-
fense’’ means a specified offense against a minor, as defined in paragraph (7) of section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911), includ-ing— 
(i) an offense (unless committed by a par-
ent or guardian) involving kidnapping; 
(ii) an offense (unless committed by a par-
ent or guardian) involving false imprison-ment; 
(iii) solicitation to engage in sexual con-
duct; 
(iv) use in a sexual performance; (v) solicitation to practice prostitution; (vi) video voyeurism as described in sec-
tion 1801 of title 18, United States Code; 
(vii) possession, production, or distribution 
of child pornography; 
(viii) criminal sexual conduct involving a 
minor, or the use of the Internet to facilitate 
or attempt such conduct; and 
(ix) any conduct that by its nature is a sex 
offense against a minor. 
(B) O
THER OFFENSES .—The term ‘‘child-sex 
offense’’ includes a sex offense described in paragraph (5)(A) of section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 that is a specified offense against a minor, as defined in paragraph (7) of such section. 
(C) F
OREIGN CONVICTIONS ; OFFENSES INVOLV -
ING CONSENSUAL SEXUAL CONDUCT .—The limi-
tations contained in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 111(5) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 shall apply with respect to a child-sex offense for pur-poses of this Act to the same extent and in the same manner as such limitations apply with respect to a sex offense for purposes of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006. 
(4) J
URISDICTION .—The term ‘‘jurisdiction’’ 
means any of the following: 
(A) A State. (B) The District of Columbia. (C) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. (D) Guam. (E) American Samoa. (F) The Northern Mariana Islands. (G) The United States Virgin Islands. (H) To the extent provided in, and subject 
to the requirements of, section 127 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16927), a federally recog-nized Indian tribe. 
(5) M
INOR.—The term ‘‘minor’’ means an 
individual who has not attained the age of 18 years. 
SEC. 4. ANGEL WATCH CENTER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall es-tablish within the Child Exploitation Inves-tigations Unit of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) of the De-partment of Homeland Security a Center, to be known as the ‘‘Angel Watch Center’’, to carry out the activities specified in sub-section (d). 
(b) L
EADERSHIP .—The Center shall be head-
ed by the Director of ICE, in collaboration with the Commissioner of United States Cus-
toms and Border Protection (CBP) and in consultation with the Attorney General. 
(c) M
EMBERS .—The Center shall consist of 
the following: 
(1) The Director of ICE. (2) The Commissioner of CBP. (3) Individuals who are designated as ana-
lysts in ICE or CBP. 
(4) Individuals who are designated as pro-
gram managers in ICE or CBP. 
(d) A
CTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Center shall carry out 
the following activities: 
(A) Receive information on travel by child- 
sex offenders. 
(B) Establish a system to maintain and ar-
chive all relevant information, including the response of destination countries to notifica-tions under subsection (e) where available, and decisions not to transmit notification abroad. 
(C) Establish an annual review process to 
ensure that the Center is consistent in proce-dures to provide notification to destination countries or not to provide notification to destination countries, as appropriate. 
(2) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—The United 
States Marshals Service’s National Sex Of-fender Targeting Office shall make available to the Center information on travel by child- sex offenders in a timely manner for pur-poses of carrying out the activities described in paragraph (1) and subsection (e). 
(e) N
OTIFICATION .— 
(1) T O COUNTRIES OF DESTINATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Center may transmit 
notice of impending or current international travel of a child-sex offender to the country or countries of destination of the child-sex offender, including to the visa-issuing agent or agents in the United States of the country or countries. 
(B) F
ORM.—The notice under this para-
graph may be transmitted through such means as determined appropriate by the Cen-ter, including through an ICE attache ´. 
(A) G
ENERAL NOTIFICATION .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the Center transmits 
notice under paragraph (1) of impending international travel of a child-sex offender to the country or countries of destination of the child-sex offender, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in conjunction with any appropriate agency, shall make reasonable efforts to provide constructive notice through electronic or telephonic commu-nication to the child-sex offender prior to the child-sex offender’s arrival in the coun-try or countries. 
(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement to pro-
vide constructive notice under clause (i) shall not apply in the case of impending international travel of a child-sex offender to the country or countries of destination of the child-sex offender if such constructive notice would conflict with an existing inves-tigation involving the child-sex offender. 
(B) S
PECIFIC NOTIFICATION REGARDING RISK  
TO LIFE OR WELL -BEING OF OFFENDER .—If the 
Center has reason to believe that to transmit notice under paragraph (1) poses a risk to the life or well-being of the child-sex offender, the Center shall make reasonable efforts to provide constructive notice through elec-tronic or telephonic communication to the child-sex offender of such risk. 
(C) S
PECIFIC NOTIFICATION REGARDING PROB -
ABLE DENIAL OF ENTRY TO OFFENDER .—If the 
Center has reason to believe that a country of destination of the child-sex offender is highly likely to deny entry to the child-sex offender due to transmission of notice under paragraph (1), the Center shall make reason-able efforts to provide constructive notice through electronic or telephonic commu-nication to the child-sex offender of such probable denial. (3) S
UNSET .—The authority of paragraph (1) 
shall terminate with respect to a child-sex offender beginning as of the close of the last day of the registration period of such child- sex offender under section 115 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16915). 
(f) C
OMPLAINT REVIEW .—The Center shall 
establish a mechanism to receive complaints from child-sex offenders affected by notifica-tions of destination countries of such child- sex offenders under subsection (e). 
(g) C
ONSULTATIONS .—The Center shall seek 
to engage in ongoing consultations with— 
(1) nongovernmental organizations, includ-
ing faith-based organizations, that have ex-perience and expertise in identifying and preventing child sex tourism and rescuing and rehabilitating minor victims of inter-national sexual exploitation and trafficking; 
(2) the governments of countries interested 
in cooperating in the creation of an inter-national sex offender travel notification sys-tem or that are primary destination or source countries for international sex tour-ism; and 
(3) Internet service and software providers 
regarding available and potential technology to facilitate the implementation of an inter-national sex offender travel notification sys-tem, both in the United States and in other countries. 
(h) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State may provide technical assistance to foreign authorities in order to enable such authorities to participate more effectively in the notification program system established under this section. 
SEC. 5. SENSE OF CONGRESS PROVISIONS. 
(a) B ILATERAL AGREEMENTS .—It is the 
sense of Congress that the President should negotiate memoranda of understanding or other bilateral agreements with foreign gov-ernments to further the purposes of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, in-cluding by— 
(1) establishing systems to receive and 
transmit notices as required by title I of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); and 
(2) establishing mechanisms for private 
companies and nongovernmental organiza-tions to report on a voluntary basis sus-pected child pornography or exploitation to foreign governments, the nearest United States embassy in cases in which a possible United States citizen may be involved, or other appropriate entities. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION TO THE UNITED STATES OF  
CHILD-SEXOFFENSES COMMITTED ABROAD .—It 
is the sense of Congress that the President should formally request foreign governments to notify the United States when a United States citizen has been arrested, convicted, sentenced, or completed a prison sentence for a child-sex offense in the foreign country. 
SEC. 6. ENHANCING THE MINIMUM STANDARDS 
FOR THE ELIMINATION OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 108(b)(4) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106(b)(4)) is amended by adding at the end before the pe-riod the following: ‘‘, including severe forms of trafficking in persons related to sex tour-ism’’. 
SEC. 7. ASSISTANCE TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES TO 
MEET MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF TRAFFICKING. 
The President is strongly encouraged to 
exercise the authorities of section 134 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2152d) to provide assistance to foreign coun-tries directly, or through nongovernmental and multilateral organizations, for pro-grams, projects, and activities, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.024 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H544 January 26, 2015 
training of law enforcement entities and offi-
cials, designed to establish systems to iden-tify sex offenders and provide and receive no-tification of child sex offender international travel. 
SEC. 8. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to preclude or alter the jurisdiction or authority of the De-partment of Justice under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.), including section 113(d) of such Act, or any other provision of law, or to affect the work of the United States Mar-shals Service with INTERPOL. 
(b) A
NGEL WATCH CENTER .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to preclude the Angel Watch Center from transmitting notice with respect to any sex offender described in para-graph (3) or (4) of section 111 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16911) or with respect to any sex offense described in paragraph (5) of such section. 
(c) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY IN-
VESTIGATIONS .—Activities carried out under 
this Act shall not impede, hinder, or other-wise impact negatively any investigations of the Department of Homeland Security. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the International 
Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking will strengthen law enforcement efforts to combat this rather horrific crime that damages hundreds of thousands of young chil-dren worldwide every year. 
This bill before us today was passed 
unanimously by the House in the last Congress in substantially the same form. This year, we hope to engage the Senate and get it to the President’s desk. 
Over the years, Congress has passed 
laws, including Megan’s Law and the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act, to require the registration and require the public notification of convicted sex offenders. These steps have helped families and communities protect their children and have helped law enforcement officials investigate and certainly prosecute domestic cases involving repeat sex offenders. 
A growing problem, however, is the 
appalling industry of child sex ‘‘tour-ism,’’ in which adults travel overseas to exploit children in other countries. Unfortunately, a significant number of Americans are engaging in this prac-tice and engage in it while the coun-tries of destination lack sufficient re-sources to deal with the rising number of child predators. 
Many children victimized by this ter-
rible crime have also been trafficked— that is, recruited or transferred to be exploited for someone else’s profit. The 
International Megan’s Law helps us fight back. 
At present, there are multiple U.S. 
agencies seeking to combat human trafficking and combat child sex tour-ism. By better coordinating their ef-forts, we can be much more effective. Importantly, our proactive efforts to help countries identify incoming child predators will also encourage them to alert us when those foreigners con-victed of sex offenses against children attempt, themselves, to enter into the United States. 
In particular, this bill officially rec-
ognizes an Angel Watch center within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Child Exploitation Investigations Unit. Operation Angel Watch origi-nated as a partnership with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and currently collects and analyzes the for-eign travel data of convicted child sex offenders to determine whether notifi-cation to U.S. officials or foreign gov-ernments is warranted. 
Last year alone, Angel Watch sent 
over 2,000 leads to nearly 100 countries as part of this effort to proactively and strategically alert international law enforcement. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill solidifies the 
Angel Watch center as an important part of the U.S. response to child sex tourism. Importantly, it improves the timeliness of the information that the center receives by requiring the Jus-tice Department to share its travel records promptly. This will allow Angel Watch to better detect and re-port the travel of child predators. 
Now, we do have one change in the 
bill from last year, and that change is an additional rule of construction which states that nothing in this act will impede any investigations being carried out by the Department of Homeland Security. 
This was added at the request of non-
governmental organizations who were concerned that the bill’s activities could divert resources from the Depart-ment’s other investigative work. To avoid any confusion, I want to make clear that this rule of construction does not supersede the bill’s general notification provisions which require the Department of Homeland Security to attempt to alert a convicted of-fender whose travel is reported to their country of destination. 
These general notification provisions 
were the product of a bipartisan agree-ment, and I want to state my apprecia-tion for the good work of those staffers who came together from across the aisle and from different committees to develop them. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
bill’s author, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), for his persistent 
leadership and his persistent dedica-tion to this issue. 
I would also like to recognize the 
chairman and ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary, as well as Ranking Member E
NGEL and Mr. 
CICILLINE for their collaboration on 
this bill, which I encourage all Mem-bers to support. I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. E DROYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE , I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 515, the ‘‘International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in addi-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 515 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Com-mittee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
The Judiciary Committee takes this action 
with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 515 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
I would appreciate a response to this letter 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R., and would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 515. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, House Committee on the Judiciary, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs on H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Traf-ficking, and for agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of that bill. 
I agree that your forgoing further action 
on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its ju-risdictional prerogatives on this bill or simi-lar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 515 
into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on the Judiciary as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of H.R. 515, known as the International Megan’s Law, and yield myself such time as I might con-sume. 
I would first like to commend my 
colleague, the chairman of the Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.024 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H545 January 26, 2015 
Global Human Rights, and Inter-
national Organizations, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), for his 
leadership on human rights and anti- trafficking issues and for his hard work and the hard work of his staff on this bill, as well as Ranking Member K
AREN  
BASSof California. 
I also want to recognize the contribu-
tions of the Judiciary Committee to this legislation. I am pleased that the two committees, Foreign Affairs and Judiciary, were able to come together to work on this important piece of leg-islation. 
Mr. Speaker, around the world, as 
many as 27 million people are victims of human trafficking. The United Na-tions Office on Drugs and Crime re-ported that among reported incidents of human trafficking, one in three is a child. Many sex offenders target chil-dren in regions with extreme poverty and low levels of law enforcement and prosecution. These repulsive acts vio-late our deepest moral values, and we have a responsibility to respond appro-priately. 
The International Megan’s Law 
would help prevent child sex offenders and traffickers from exploiting vulner-able children when they cross an inter-national border. The bill would estab-lish an Angel Watch center within Im-migration and Customs Enforcement at the Department of Homeland Security that would provide advance notice to foreign countries when a convicted child sex offender travels to that coun-try. The bill also calls on the President to negotiate agreements with foreign governments that would encourage in-formation sharing on known child sex offenders. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important to en-
courage governments around the world to devote their respective resources to-ward combating this issue. Protecting trafficked children provides timely vic-tim identification, placing victims in a safe environment, and providing them with widespread support services, such as physical and mental health care, educational opportunities, legal assist-ance, and reintegration with their fam-ilies and communities. 
Unfortunately, a single law cannot 
abolish child sex tourism or child sex trafficking, but the International Megan’s Law represents a huge step in the right direction by protecting vic-tims and potential victims from terri-fying harm. 
b1600 
Mr. Speaker, we passed the same bill 
last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do so again. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Human Rights Sub-committee and the author of this bill. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for 
yielding me this time, and I thank him for his leadership and for marking this bill up in the last Congress. We went 
through it in regular order. Chairman R
OYCE , ELIOT ENGEL , and staff were 
outstanding. 
I also want to thank B OBGOODLATTE , 
who has been a very strong proponent of this legislation, as well as A
LBIO 
SIRES, who is the chief Democratic 
sponsor, and our other cosponsors: Mrs. H
ARTZLER , C AROLYN MALONEY , Mrs. 
WAGNER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. Y OHO. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no higher duty 
or responsibility of government than to protect children from violence and predatory behavior. We have a duty to protect the weakest and the most vul-nerable. The International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, H.R. 515, will protect chil-dren from child sex tourism by noti-fying destination countries when con-victed pedophiles plan to travel. And to protect American children, the bill en-courages the President to use bilateral agreements and assistance to establish reciprocal notification so we will know when convicted child sex offenders are coming here. 
Mr. Speaker, I actually got the idea 
of International Megan’s Law in a con-versation with a Trafficking in Persons delegation from Thailand during a meeting in my office in 2007. I asked the Thai officials what would they do if we were to notify them of travel by a convicted pedophile. Each of the dozen officials said they would bar entry into their nation of such a predator. 
Today will mark the third time in 8 
years that this bill has passed the House—and I do hope it will pass—with strong support from both sides of the aisle, the second in its present, more streamlined form. The only change in this version is an additional clause in 8(c) underscoring the fine investigatory work of the Department of Homeland Security in the area of child exploi-tation and Congress’ support for its continuance in Angel Watch, as well as in the investigations of the Cyber Crimes Center. 
This provision is not intended to su-
persede notification requirements else-where in the bill. 
I am encouraged that the Senate has 
signaled its support and willingness to improve commonsense U.S. procedures preventing the sex trafficking of chil-dren by high-risk predators. I look for-ward to working with our colleagues in the other body. 
Mr. Speaker, child sex predators 
thrive on secrecy, a secrecy that allows them to commit heinous crimes against children. In 1994, a young girl from my district was lured into the home of a convicted pedophile who lived across the street from her. Megan Kanka, 7, was raped and murdered. No one, including Megan’s parents, knew that their neighbor had been convicted of child sexual assault. The outrage over this tragedy led to the enactment of Megan’s Laws—public sex offender registries—in every State in the coun-try. It is imperative that we take the les-
sons we have learned on how to protect our children from known child sex predators within our borders and ex-pand those protections globally. 
Mr. Speaker, a deeply disturbing 2010 
report by the GAO, entitled ‘‘Current Situation Results in Thousands of Passports Issued to Registered Sex Of-fenders,’’ found that at least 4,500 U.S. passports were issued to registered sex offenders in fiscal year 2008 alone. 
Meanwhile, law enforcement and 
media reports continue to document Americans on the U.S. sex offender reg-istries who were caught sexually abus-ing children in East Asia, Central and South America, and elsewhere in the world. It is the same horror movie re-played over and over. 
Homeland Security’s Angel Watch 
program has been doing an outstanding job in alerting countries about poten-tial danger from American sex offend-ers. H.R. 515 would codify and stream-line this excellent program, ensuring that actionable information about child sex offender travel actually gets to the destination country in time for those countries to assess the potential dangers and respond appropriately, whether that is to allow entry, deny entry or a visa, monitor travel, or limit travel. Once notified, nations are empowered to take protective action. 
International Megan’s Law also di-
rects the President to include guidance in diplomacy, training, and technical assistance abroad on how other coun-tries can create their own public or pri-vate sex offender registries similar to what we have in the United States, and how we can use these registries to alert the United States when a child sex of-fender is intending to travel here to abuse our children. The goal is reci-procity, reciprocal notice to protect children at home and abroad from known sex offenders. 
I personally have spoken to foreign 
officials and nongovernment represent-atives who have asked me when the United States Congress is going to do something about American sex offend-ers who are traveling to their country to rape their children. I hear this espe-cially in the developing world. H.R. 515, the International Megan’s Law to Pre-vent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking, is a serious response to that question. 
I would also point out parentheti-
cally, as the Special Representative for Combating Trafficking at the Organi-zation for Security and Cooperation in Europe’s Parliamentary Assembly last year, we got passed a resolution calling for this kind of noticing country to country so the secrecy is taken out of sex tourism designed to exploit and abuse children. 
I urge Members to support the bill. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
One last comment about the bill be-
fore us. The rule of construction was added to the bill, and I would like to make it clear that this rule of con-struction does not supersede the bill’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.014 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H546 January 26, 2015 
general notification requirements, 
which require the Department of Homeland Security to try to alert a convicted child sex offender whose travel is reported to their country of destination, which is one way of deter-ring them. 
Child sex tourism is an outrageous 
crime, and we have the responsibility to do everything we can to make it dif-ficult for offenders to prey on their vic-tims. I strongly support this bill and encourage my colleagues to do so as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
You have heard today about the hor-
rific child sex tourism industry. This is only going to get worse if we do not take action. Furthermore, there are child victims here at home, too. An in-creasingly mobile society has made it easier for child predators to commit, and evade justice for, their heinous crimes. 
The bill before us today represents a 
concerted effort to combat this appall-ing injustice. Better communications among U.S. officials and our foreign counterparts all around this globe means more of these criminals can and will be stopped from exploiting chil-dren overseas. 
Again, I commend Chairman S
MITH 
for his work on this bipartisan legisla-tion. I encourage Members to support passage of H.R. 515, International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is 
on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 515. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
PREVENTION ACT 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 357) to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to ex-pand the training for Federal Govern-ment personnel relating to trafficking in persons, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 357 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Human Traf-
ficking Prevention Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPANDED TRAINING RELATING TO 
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 105(c)(4) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(c)(4)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, including members of 
the Service (as such term is defined in sec-tion 103 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3903))’’ after ‘‘Department of State’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Training under this paragraph shall in-clude, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) A distance learning course on traf-
ficking-in-persons issues and the Depart-ment of State’s obligations under this Act, targeted for embassy reporting officers, re-gional bureaus’ trafficking-in-persons coor-dinators, and their superiors. 
‘‘(B) Specific trafficking-in-persons brief-
ings for all ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such individuals depart for their posts. 
‘‘(C) At least annual reminders to all such 
personnel, including appropriate personnel from other Federal departments and agen-cies, at each diplomatic or consular post of the Department of State located outside the United States of key problems, threats, methods, and warning signs of trafficking in persons specific to the country or jurisdic-tion in which each such post is located, and appropriate procedures to report information that any such personnel may acquire about possible cases of trafficking in persons.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material in the R
ECORD . 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a com-
mitted participant in this body’s dec-ade-and-a-half-long fight against human trafficking since the passage of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. Although we have made some progress and raised global awareness on this issue, there are still today somewhere around 20 million people around the world who remain subject to the horrors of this modern day slav-ery, either through trafficking for ex-ploitation for work or child sex traf-ficking. Most of these victims are women, and many, as you know, Mr. Speaker, are children. 
Given the high stakes, U.S. officials 
working overseas must be able to rec-ognize the signs, the telltale signs, of this terrible crime. If they do not know which groups are most vulnerable, or what activities should raise their sus-picions, then successful action is very unlikely. 
Though current law requires that 
State Department personnel be trained to identify trafficking victims, it does not prescribe how they should be trained. This bill does. The Human Trafficking Prevention Act would specify minimum training require-ments for the Department of State. 
These would include a training course for Department personnel who deal with trafficking issues, in addition to trafficking briefings for all of our Am-bassadors and all of our deputy chiefs of mission before they depart for their posts. It also ensures that U.S. officials stationed overseas get annual updates on trafficking-related developments re-lated to the countries where they are working. 
We have done a lot to move legisla-
tion to force other countries to adopt legislation. But our Ambassadors over-seas and their deputies overseas need this education. 
While the State Department cur-
rently appears to be meeting many of the standards, we all know that prac-tices can change, and by specifying rea-sonable minimal requirements for such training, this bill strengthens existing law at no additional cost to our tax-payers. 
I want to recognize the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. S
EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY ), who authored this measure, 
which passed as H.R. 4449 during the last Congress, and I want to thank him for reintroducing the bill that is before us today. 
While we are discussing improve-
ments to the anti-trafficking practices of our foreign affairs agencies, I also want to invite my colleagues to co-sponsor H.R. 400, the bipartisan Traf-ficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act, that my ranking member of the committee, E
LIOT 
ENGEL , and I recently introduced and 
which we hope to move forward promptly. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I would first like to 
thank my friend and colleague, the dis-tinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY ), for in-
troducing this important piece of legis-lation. 
Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is 
modern-day slavery. Its victims are robbed of both their freedom and dig-nity. Human trafficking violates the founding principles of the United States—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness—and humanity’s very funda-mental principle of respect. 
According to the United Nations Of-
fice on Drugs and Crime, almost every nation in the world is affected by traf-ficking. There are at least 152 countries of origin and 124 countries of destina-tion affected by human trafficking, to-taling over 510 trafficking flows around the world. 
Human trafficking victims often pay 
to be illegally transported into various countries, only to find themselves at the mercy of their captors, deprived of their freedom. They are forced into various forms of servitude to repay their debts. Frighteningly, the U.N. also reports that 1 in 3 known victims 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.015 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H547 January 26, 2015 
of human trafficking is a child. In some 
areas of the world, such as Africa and the Middle East, children constitute 62 percent of their human trafficking in-cidents. Women and girls account for 70 percent of trafficking victims world-wide, and men make up over 60 percent of trafficking incidents for forced labor. Human trafficking victimizes 
people of all ages, genders, and ethnicities. 
b1615 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be a co-
sponsor of the Human Trafficking Pre-vention Act which is designed to en-sure that representatives of our gov-ernment recognize incidents of human trafficking when they see it. 
H.R. 357 would expand Federal train-
ing requirements for State Department personnel on identifying and pre-venting human trafficking. This train-ing includes specific training in per-sons, briefings for all Ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before such in-dividuals depart for their post. 
This bill would also require that an-
nual reminders be sent to appropriate diplomatic personnel about the key problems, threats, methods, and warn-ing signs of trafficking in persons at their respective Embassy and consular post. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation will bet-
ter prepare our Nation’s public serv-ants to quickly identify incidents of human trafficking and take swift ac-tion as they serve abroad. We passed the same bill last year, and I urge my colleagues to do so again. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY ), the 
author of this important bill. 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. 
I would like to thank my colleagues 
Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. C ICILLINE and my 
cosponsors, and I would like to ac-knowledge Majority Leader M
CCARTHY  
for his leadership on taking up this leg-islation at the beginning of this new Congress. 
No matter what part of the country 
you are from, human trafficking is an issue that we have to address now be-cause lives are at stake. The State De-partment estimates that millions of children, women, and men are traf-ficked each year and forced into mod-ern-day slavery as part of an evil and fast-growing industry. 
We know that the crime of human 
trafficking is dramatically under-reported, and most of it happens invisi-bly; therefore, a critical part of the work we are doing today is to bring human trafficking out in the open, so we can raise awareness and prevent it from happening to more of the world’s most vulnerable populations. 
We must also remember that this 
happens right here in our communities, all across our own country. Behind all 
of these numbers and statistics, there are real faces and real stories of women, men, and, too often, children— women like Mandy Palmer of western New York who 4 years ago met a man named Ryan online. Ryan was not who he pretended to be. Ryan turned out to be a human trafficker, a pimp who forced Mandy into prostitution and threatened her family. 
New York continues to be one of the 
top hubs of human trafficking where sex trafficking, child labor, and inden-tured servitude happen all too fre-quently. Just one organization in New York, Safe Horizon, has worked with more than 600 victims in recent years. 
In the Hudson Valley, we have seen it 
in Newburgh, in Poughkeepsie, places like Wappingers Falls, places like New Windsor, and even small villages like Pound Ridge. Story after story tells us that this disgusting, this horrifying practice of modern-day slavery happens right here, right in our own neighbor-hoods, in our own backyards. 
Just 10 days ago, authorities took ac-
tion against a major sex trafficking ring in Albany, New York. Nine women who had traveled here from a foreign country were forced into prostitution at four different massage parlors. 
In another community in the Hudson 
Valley, about an hour away from New York City, a man tricked teenage girls to travel to the United States on tour-ist visas from countries like Brazil, Hungary, and France. He instructed these women to lie to both Immigra-tion and State Department officials in order to gain access to our country. 
It is precisely this type of situation 
that my legislation seeks to stop. We must ensure that our men and women on the front lines of our borders have the resources and training they need in order to identify and stop human traf-ficking at its source, before these women, children, and men enter the United States out of their own culture, away from their own language many times, and become isolated and become victims. 
As part of our goal to end human 
trafficking, we can make sure that our Foreign Service officers and other gov-ernment personnel have the tools and training they need to spot and to iden-tify these victims and to stop this traf-ficking across international borders. 
In the past, the State Department es-
timated that between 14,000 and 17,000 foreign nationals were trafficked into the United States every single year. Although the Federal Government has a zero tolerance policy on human traf-ficking, our Foreign Service officers, who often have face-to-face contact with these victims when they are ob-taining U.S. visas, currently undergo minimal training to define, identify, and recognize the indicators of this human trafficking so they can stop it at the source. 
My legislation would expand new 
minimum training procedures for For-eign Service officers and other govern-ment personnel in order to identify and 
stop this human trafficking before peo-ple cross these boundaries and end up in our own communities, before it be-comes too late, when they are here and victimized. 
We know criminals will do just about 
anything to adapt to our new methods and to avoid getting caught, so this bi-partisan legislation also requires an-nual updates to keep on top of key problems, threats, the new methods, and to identify new warning signs of trafficking. 
I want to thank my colleagues across 
the aisle because, by working together, we have a new opportunity to come to-gether to combat this monstrous prac-tice of trafficking in children, women, and men. Victims of human trafficking cannot wait another day. Today, we have an opportunity to do something together to combat this growing prob-lem. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support my legislation, H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the fight to end human 
trafficking has been a priority in my tenure as chairman of the Foreign Af-fairs Committee here in the House, but I am pleased that the House leadership and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have chosen to make it our focus during this early week of the session. 
Our actions today are not a conclu-
sion on this issue. They are an opening salvo by the 114th Congress to continue our fight against modern slavery. This bill seeks to ensure that U.S. personnel overseas are properly equipped to com-bat the scourge of human trafficking and deserves our unanimous support. 
There are other steps which we need 
to take, frankly, as an institution in order to continue to put leverage at the disposal of our diplomats and new measures into law to protect the vic-tims of trafficking. As we go forward, we will do that. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of H.R. 357, the Human Traf-ficking Prevention Act by the gentleman from New York, S
EANPATRICK MALONEY . 
Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is a global 
scourge. Time and time again, there are missed opportunities to identify and assist vic-tims of human trafficking. This may be due to a lack of training to recognize signs of traf-ficking, or perhaps a hesitancy to intrude into the ‘‘privacy’’ of others. 
There are numerous points of contact with 
the victims of trafficking, however, and at each point there are people who can intervene if they know how to identify victims of trafficking. 
Traffickers often move their victims to avoid 
detection. Whether by plane, train or bus, they come into contact with flight attendants and the like, as well as border officials. 
In July of 2010, I chaired a conference in 
Washington, D.C., to bring together the rel-evant U.S. agencies, such as the Customs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.017 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H548 January 26, 2015 
and Border Patrol, various U.S. airlines, and 
non-governmental organizations to focus on interdicting traffickers by training commercial transportation employees to recognize the in-dicators for trafficking. Speakers, including Deborah Sigmund, founder of a non-govern-ment organization called Innocents at Risk, explained how flight attendants were the ‘‘first line of defense’’ in the fight against human trafficking. 
Flight attendants are in the unique position 
to observe a potential trafficking in progress and then call a trafficking hotline or inform the pilot to radio ahead so that the proper authori-ties can intervene. 
Former flight attendant Nancy Rivard, Presi-
dent of Airline Ambassadors International, told us how she and other flight attendants com-pared notes one day and were shocked and dismayed at how often they had noticed what they suspected was a trafficked woman or child on their flight, but had no training or pro-tocol to do something about it. Nancy has been doing a great deal about it ever since, training airline employees around the United States and world. 
Just last year, the U.S. Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS) released a similar training initiative, the Blue Lightning program, to domestic U.S. airlines—including Delta, JetBlue, Allegiant, and North American Air-lines. With minimal modifications, the training is also easily adaptable to bus drivers and sta-tion operators, train conductors, trucking asso-ciations, and other transportation industry pro-fessionals. 
In December 2013, the Organization for Se-
curity and Cooperation in Europe, or OSCE, which comprises 57 countries from Europe and North America, endorsed my plan to make anti-trafficking training for airline employ-ees, other public and commercial carriers, as well as hotel employees, a primary goal in the international strategy to combat human traf-ficking. In an earlier session, the OSCE Par-liamentary Assembly (OSCEPA) adopted my resolution to implement such training in each member country. 
But what about our State Department per-
sonnel working overseas? Are they properly trained to be able to recognize the signs of this heinous crime and violation of funda-mental human rights? 
Current law does require that State Depart-
ment personnel be trained to identify traf-ficking victims, and there are many fine foreign service officers tasked with addressing traf-ficking issues. 
But, it does not prescribe any minimum 
training requirements. H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act, would mandate several minimum training requirements on this issue within the Department of State. 
These would include a training course for 
Department personnel who deal with traf-ficking issues, in addition to trafficking brief-ings for all Ambassadors and Deputy Chiefs of Mission before they depart for their posts. The legislation also requires that annual reminders be sent to appropriate personnel on key traf-ficking issues related to their countries of focus. 
By specifying the minimum requirements for 
such training, this bill strengthens the existing law. And notably, it does so at no additional cost to taxpayers. 
I want to thank Mr. M
ALONEY for authoring 
this measure, and adding to the body of legis-lation developed by the House to address this 
critical issue. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 357. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ENHANCING SERVICES FOR RUN-
AWAY AND HOMELESS VICTIMS OF YOUTH TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 468) to amend the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act to increase knowl-edge concerning, and improve services for, runaway and homeless youth who are victims of trafficking. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 468 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing 
Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 
U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 343(b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), and sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by inserting ‘‘, se-
vere forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), and sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’ after ‘‘assault’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such youth who are victims of traf-ficking (as defined in section 103(15) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)))’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 351(a) by striking ‘‘or sexual 
exploitation’’ and inserting ‘‘sexual exploi-tation, severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103(9) of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9))), or sex trafficking (as defined in section 103(10) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(10)))’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 468. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, human trafficking is 
not just a concern in foreign countries. It is happening right here in the United States and many times in our own backyards. 
In Michigan, the National Center for 
Missing and Exploited Children has re-ferred more than 13,000 CyberTipline reports of suspected child sexual ex-ploitation to law enforcement. 
Last Congress, I hosted a series of 
human trafficking forums in my dis-trict which brought together county prosecutors, sheriffs, the State police, and members of the southern Michigan Task Force on Human Trafficking to discuss how our community is dealing with these heinous crimes and hear feedback on what additional actions Congress can take to help local law en-forcement combat trafficking. 
One of the things I heard at my dis-
trict roundtables is the need for im-proved resources for victims’ advocacy and support, especially for youth vic-tims and at-risk youth. Federal and State officials, law enforcement, the courts, all of us have a moral obliga-tion to eradicate trafficking and sup-port its victims. 
It will take close coordination be-
tween all stakeholders to achieve the dual goals of ending the human traf-ficking epidemic and assisting the vic-tims. That is why I am an original co-sponsor of H.R. 468, the Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act. 
This legislation will help better serve 
our most vulnerable youth who are vic-tims of extreme trafficking. This legis-lation amends the Runaway and Home-less Youth Act to use existing grant re-sources to train staff on the effects of human trafficking in runaway and homeless youth victims and for devel-oping statewide strategies to reach such youth. 
It also allows the Secretary to utilize 
the existing Street Outreach Program to provide street-based services for runaway and homeless youth who are victims of trafficking. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
my colleague, Congressman J
OEHECK, 
for his leadership on this bill, as well as the Education and the Workforce Committee chairman, Mr. K
LINE, and 
the ranking member, Mr. S COTT, for 
their work on moving this legislation forward. Our Nation’s runaway and homeless youth deserve access to serv-ices that will help them escape a life of crime, abuse, and neglect. 
Passing this simple fix to the Run-
away and Homeless Youth Act will help ensure that those suffering from the trauma of these deplorable crimes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.010 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H549 January 26, 2015 
will have access to the care and sup-
port they need. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 
468, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
468, the Enhancing Services for Run-away and Homeless Victims of Youth Trafficking Act of 2015. 
I am honored to join my colleagues, 
the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ECK), the gentleman from Michigan 
(Mr. W ALBERG ), and the chairman of 
the full committee, Mr. K LINE, and ap-
preciate their leadership on this impor-tant issue. 
Our bill makes important changes in 
the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, so that victims of sexual exploitation and trafficking can get more of the help that they need. We know that trafficking and youth homelessness are often affecting the same populations. 
Young people that have run away or 
are homeless are particularly vulner-able to sexual exploitation and traf-ficking, and programs targeted towards the runaway and homeless youth should be simultaneously equipped to support victims of trafficking when there is such an overlap. 
Research consistently confirms the 
correlation between running away and becoming exploited through prostitu-tion. For example, according to a 2006 FBI Uniform Crime Report, girls who run away from their homes, group homes, foster homes, or treatment cen-ters are at high risk of being targeted 
by a trafficker or becoming exploited. 
Street outreach programs were cre-
ated to provide services to runaway and homeless and street youth who have been subjected to or are at risk of being subjected to sexual abuse. Every year, 25,000 of these young people find shelter as a result of these programs. 
The legislation being considered 
today ensures that street outreach pro-grams can rely on funding already available through the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. This allows the Department of Health and Human Services to provide street-based serv-ices such as individual assessments, treatment, counseling, or other shelter for runaway and homeless youth who are also victims of trafficking. 
Additionally, the bill authorizes 
States, organizations, and other enti-ties to use runaway and homeless youth research grants for staff training to work with these young victims. Such additional training will allow service providers to successfully ad-dress the behavioral and emotional ef-fects of the abuse and assault that these victims endure. 
Our bill also enhances training pro-
grams so that staff will be able to rec-ognize and respond to the unique needs of trafficking victims. This is a small but important change, one necessary to improve services available. 
Updating the Runaway and Homeless 
Youth Act with this legislation is an important first step, but it is also im-
portant for Congress to consider reau-thorizing the entire act, which expired last year. 
b1630 
In the 113th Congress, the Senate Ju-
diciary Committee approved a bipar-tisan reauthorization bill that would provide other critical support to run-away and homeless youth, including extending time for safe and appropriate shelter, establishing performance standards for assistance programs, strengthening data collection, and en-suring that adequate resources for all runaway and homeless youths are available. 
It is my hope that the House can con-
tinue the spirit of bipartisanship and comprehensively update the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act. Our Nation’s most vulnerable youth need us to come together and work together on their behalf. 
Meanwhile, Mr. Speaker, I encourage 
all of my colleagues to support the leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE), 
the chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding the time and for his consistent, continuous leader-ship on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, as a father and grand-
father, I find it difficult to imagine anything more terrifying than a loved one falling victim to youth sex traf-ficking. Yet each year, hundreds of thousands of children and families are forced to live with the pain and suf-fering that stems from this deplorable crime. 
Mr. Speaker, let me be clear. This 
crime is taking place right here in our own country. It is impacting our com-munities, our families, and our chil-dren. We face a national crisis, and it demands a national response. 
Fortunately, there are heroic efforts 
underway to fight this heinous crime, care for the victims, and support their families. 
The dedicated staff at the National 
Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren, or NCMEC, are on the front lines every day identifying victims, assisting law enforcement in the recovery of missing children, and returning chil-dren to their loved ones. 
NCMEC is also partnering with 
schools and employers to enhance sup-port for victims and their families. Parents with children in school are probably familiar with Lifetouch pho-tography. Through its SmileSafe Kids initiative, Lifetouch is making it easi-er for parents and NCMEC to alert law enforcement of a missing child in order to accelerate the search and rescue. 
NCMEC and others are always find-
ing new ways to help, and so should we, and that is why we are here today. We have learned too often victims fall through the cracks of States’ child wel-
fare systems. Those who may be run-away or homeless youth do not have access to the full range of services they need. 
And believe it or not, due to a flaw in 
the law, there are times when children are treated as criminals—as criminals, Mr. Speaker—rather than the victims of a violent crime. 
Congress has an opportunity to ad-
dress these challenges and strengthen our support for victims of youth sex trafficking. I want to thank my Repub-lican and Democratic colleagues for working with us on this important ef-fort, including Mr. W
ALBERG , as I men-
tioned earlier; the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, Mr. S
COTT; and Representatives 
JOEHECK, K AREN BASS, and J OYCE  
BEATTY . 
I am pleased that in the early days of 
the 114th Congress, we are taking ac-tion to address youth sex trafficking. It reflects both the seriousness of this crime and our commitment to the vic-tims and their families. 
I urge my colleagues to support these 
important legislative proposals. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the ranking member for his statements in support of this legislation, I thank Mr. H
ECK for sponsoring it, and Mr. 
KLINE as the leader on this committee. 
This is a privilege of service in this 
body, when we can come together in a bipartisan fashion to do what is right for our country; but, in this case, to do what is right for our defenseless young people, many of whom have been caught into a web that offers nothing but pain and misfortune for the future. To take a stand on this issue, to stand for opportunity, to push back against the dark clouds of crime that prey on young people is something that we can stand together on. 
I think we have said significant 
words in support of this legislation. Now it is time to get to work, and the best way to do that, Mr. Speaker, as you and I both know, is to pass it. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 468, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 468. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING CHILD WELFARE 
RESPONSE TO TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 469) to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to en-able State child protective services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.020 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H550 January 26, 2015 
systems to improve the identification 
and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 469 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strength-
ening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. CAPTA AMENDMENTS. 
Section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention 
and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(xxii); and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxiv) provisions and procedures to iden-
tify and assess reports involving children who are sex trafficking victims, and which may include provisions and procedures to identify and assess reports involving chil-dren who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking in persons described in section of 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B)); 
‘‘(xxv) provisions and procedures for train-
ing representatives of the State child protec-tive services systems about identifying and assessing children who are sex trafficking victims, and which may include provisions and procedures for such training with re-spect to children who are victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons described in section 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B)); and 
‘‘(xxvi) provisions and procedures for iden-
tifying services (including the services pro-vided by State law enforcement officials, the State juvenile justice system, and social service agencies, such as runaway and home-less youth shelters) and procedures for ap-propriate referral to address the needs of children who are sex trafficking victims, and which may include provisions and procedures for the identification of such services and procedures with respect to children who are victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons described in section 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B));’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(v); 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(vi); and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) the provisions and procedures de-
scribed in clauses (xxiv) and (xxvi) of sub-paragraph (B);’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (A); 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) S
EX TRAFFICKING VICTIM .—The term 
‘sex trafficking victim’ means a victim of— 
‘‘(i) sex trafficking (as defined in section 
103(10) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(10))); or 
‘‘(ii) a severe form of trafficking in persons 
described in section 103(9)(A) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(A)).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(17) The number of children identified 
under clause (xxiv) of subsection (b)(2)(B), and of such children— ‘‘(A) the number identified as sex traf-
ficking victims (as defined in subsection (b)(4)(C)); and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a State that has provi-
sions and procedures to identify children who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking in persons described in section 103(9)(B) of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)(B)), the number so identified.’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Sen-ate, a report that— 
(1) describes the specific type and preva-
lence of severe form of trafficking in persons to which children who are identified for serv-ices or intervention under the placement, care, or supervision of State, Indian tribe, or tribal organization child welfare agencies have been subjected as of the date of enact-ment of this Act; 
(2) summarizes the practices and protocols 
utilized by States to identify and serve— 
(A) under section 106(b)(2)(B) of the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(b)(2)(B)), children who are vic-tims of trafficking; and 
(B) children who are at risk of becoming 
victims of trafficking; and 
(3) specifies any barriers in Federal laws or 
regulations that may prevent identification and assessment of children who are victims of trafficking, including an evaluation of the extent to which States are able to address the needs of such trafficked children without altering the definition of child abuse and ne-glect under section 3 of the Child Abuse Pre-vention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 note). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
(1) S EVERE FORM OF TRAFFICKING IN PER -
SONS.—The term ‘‘severe form of trafficking 
in persons’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103(9) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(9)). 
(2) V
ICTIM OF TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘vic-
tim of trafficking’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103(15) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102(15)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 469. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, domestic child traf-
ficking is a serious problem, sadly, in the United States. Around 300,000 American youth are at risk of sexual commercial exploitation and traf-ficking each year. That is why the 
House of Representatives is considering a number of bills this week that seek to ensure that human trafficking vic-tims are treated as victims and have access to the services they desperately need. 
As a Member of Congress, I have 
worked on legislation to help address this problem in the past and will con-tinue that important work this year. I have also held local roundtables in Michigan with victims, advocacy, and law enforcement groups to do every-thing I can to work with my commu-nities to address this heinous crime. 
The National Center for Missing and 
Exploited Children estimates that 68 percent of likely sex trafficking vic-tims were involved in the child welfare system at one time. Instead of properly identifying and assisting trafficked and exploited children, these children are often sent to the juvenile justice sys-tem, where they are labeled and treat-ed as criminals. These innocent vic-tims are victimized by the very system that was designed to protect them. 
That is why, Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 469. The Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015 will help protect child vic-tims by improving practices within State child welfare systems to identify, assess, and document sex trafficking victims. The House passed this legisla-tion by a voice vote last summer, and I thank my colleague, Congresswoman K
AREN BASS, for her work on this im-
portant legislation again this Congress. 
H.R. 469 amends the Child Abuse Pre-
vention and Treatment Act to direct States to implement and maintain pro-cedures to identify and assess reports involving children who are victims of sex trafficking. 
The bill also requires that States 
train child protective services workers on how to identify these children and the services necessary to meet their needs, and it would improve reporting on the number of children identified as sex trafficking victims. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill requires the 
Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to report on the type and preva-lence of youth trafficking victims in 
the welfare system, provide a summary of State practices for serving youth trafficking victims, and report on any barriers in Federal law that prevent identification and assessment of youth victims of trafficking. 
It is imperative that we continue to 
pass legislation that helps victims of both labor and sex trafficking, to en-sure that victims receive the services they need to escape a life of abuse. 
Again, I would like to thank Con-
gresswoman K
AREN BASSand Chairman 
KLINE of the Education and the Work-
force Committee for their work on this important bill. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of H.R. 469, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.022 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H551 January 26, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015, sponsored by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS). 
This bill will support victims of child 
sex trafficking by helping them find services they need, by training child protective services workers to identify cases of child sex trafficking, and by improving data collection on the num-ber of child sex trafficking victims. 
This legislation would also require 
the Department of Health and Human Services to submit a report to Congress that describes the type and prevalence of severe forms of trafficking to which identified victims are subjected. 
This bill also summarizes State prac-
tices to identify and serve trafficking victims and those at risk of trafficking and describes Federal statutory or reg-
ulatory barriers that may prevent child trafficking victims from getting the services they need, including an evaluation of the State’s capacity to address such victim’s needs. 
The bill would also allow the State 
welfare agencies to include child labor trafficking in their provisions of staff training. Under the bill, if a State in-cludes child labor trafficking in those responsibilities, the States must also collect data on the number of those victims. 
The bill is a product of good bipar-
tisan work and diligent negotiations by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS) and her staff and Democratic and 
Republican staffs in the Education and the Workforce Committee. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation, which has the backing of child welfare advocates and will improve services and responses to child trafficking victims. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas, Judge P
OE, one 
who understands this process from his time in the court of law as a judge. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding time. 
This bill, Strengthening Child Wel-
fare Response to Trafficking Act, H.R. 469, is an excellent piece of legislation. As mentioned, it is a bipartisan piece of legislation. 
I want to thank K
AREN BASS from 
California and Chairman K LINE from 
Minnesota for bringing this to the floor. 
This is one of many, many pieces of 
legislation dealing with trafficking that have come and will come to the House floor the rest of today and to-morrow, bipartisan pieces of legisla-tion. 
In my short tenure of 10 years here in 
Congress, I have never seen a subject that had so many people interested on both sides of the aisle and so many pieces of legislation coming to the House floor, all with the purpose of trying to rein in this scourge of human trafficking in the United States. 
The public seems to be a little more 
concerned about other matters than the issue of trafficking, at least the 
media does. They spend a lot of time talking about how much air is in foot-balls when we probably should be deal-ing with how much criminal activity is taking place in America where Amer-ica’s children are being kidnapped and put into slavery. 
One example of this is the bill that 
Ms. B
ASShas brought to us, and that is 
the one regarding child welfare agen-cies in States. 
I understand, Mr. Speaker, that 60 
percent of American children involved in human trafficking, somewhere in their background they were in foster care. I am not saying foster care caused that. I am just saying that somewhere they make the route through foster care. We are not doing what we should do in dealing with our children to protect them from this scourge of trafficking. 
This legislation goes a long way to 
help people in States, State govern-ment, to take care and make sure that children do not get taken up in this human trafficking that is taking place in the United States. 
b1645 
I come from Houston. Unfortunately, 
Houston is one of the hubs in the United States for human trafficking. Because of our location in the United States—near an international border— we have not only domestic trafficked victims go through our city but inter-national trafficked victims and their children, their young people. 
I want to congratulate Ms. B
ASSand 
the House and the leadership of the House for bringing this legislation and legislation like it up to the floor to make sure that America understands and criminals understand America’s children are not for sale. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS), the sponsor of the bill and 
a strong supporter and advocate for foster children. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the bipartisan Strength-ening Child Welfare Response to Traf-ficking Act, which I introduced with a group of bipartisan Members of Con-gress. 
The same version of this bill was 
unanimously passed in the 113th Con-gress. This legislation demonstrates how critical it is that Members of Con-gress work together to move policy that protects children from being sexu-ally exploited. The work that both sides of the aisle have done on sex traf-ficking demonstrates a strong commit-ment to preventing our most vulner-able populations from becoming vic-tims. 
First, I would like to thank Chair-
man K
LINE, Representative W ALBERG , 
and Ranking Member S COTT for their 
leadership on continuing to support this legislation that works towards en-suring that no child in the United States becomes a victim of sex traf-
ficking. I am grateful for their knowl-edge and assistance that helped bring this important bill to the floor today. I 
would also like to thank Judge P
OEfor 
his ongoing leadership on this issue. 
My colleague and friend, Representa-
tive T OMMARINO , has been a leader in 
fighting for children in the foster care system. Mr. M
ARINO , along with the 
Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth cochairs—J
IM MCDERMOTT , T RENT  
FRANKS , J IMLANGEVIN , and D IANE 
BLACK —all served as original cospon-
sors of H.R. 469 and have demonstrated leadership by both making significant change in the child welfare system and by bringing attention to the horren-dous intersection between sex traf-ficking and our child welfare system. 
The U.S. Department of Justice re-
ports that between 2008 and 2010 40 per-cent of sex trafficking cases involved the exploitation of children. Trag-ically, many of these children are for-gotten without the appropriate serv-ices to ensure their safety. This high-lights the failure of our system to pre-vent them from becoming victims. 
More than 200,000 youth in our coun-
try are at risk of trafficking per year. In my hometown of Los Angeles, the Probation Department reports that 61 percent of identified trafficking vic-tims are foster youth. It is noteworthy that this statistic comes from the Pro-bation Department and not the child welfare department. This legislation hopes to correct that. We want to make sure that child welfare agencies, in addition to juvenile justice, begin to document this problem. 
In Los Angeles, we are fortunate to 
have the STAR Court, which is a spe-cialized, collaborative courthouse de-signed to serve youth who have been trafficked. The STAR Court team re-ports that 80 percent of the girls enter-ing their courtroom have previously been involved in the child welfare sys-tem. 
As cochair of the Congressional Cau-
cus on Foster Youth, I have had the op-portunity to travel throughout the country as part of our Nationwide Lis-tening Tour. Unfortunately, I have heard far too many stories about youth in foster care falling through the cracks in the system. Sometimes they are thought to be runaways. Sadly, they report that no one looked for them and that, in fact, they had not run away but had been abducted or tricked or drugged by a pimp when the system assumed they were bad girls who had just run away. 
Most of us were so moved by one 
woman that we often repeat her story. She told us in hearings that she felt the foster care system prepared her for exploitation because her pimp was the first person who told her that he loved her and that, while in foster care, she was moved so often and told so often that she was just a paycheck that she formed no healthy attachments and had nowhere to turn. 
We have to close the cracks in our 
system that leave a child feeling her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.023 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H552 January 26, 2015 
pimp is the only one she can turn to or 
that she would rather be with a pimp than be bounced around from foster home to foster home. The system that is supposed to be designed to help vul-nerable children should not turn around and victimize the children or allow them to fall into the hands of ex-ploiters. 
Many of the young survivors we have 
met told us that, during the time they were being trafficked, they had numer-ous encounters with the child welfare system but that no one asked what was happening to them, especially girls in group homes. Pimps know this popu-lation is especially vulnerable. H.R. 469 will allow child welfare agencies across the Nation to develop State protection plans to outline provisions and proce-dures to identify and assess all reports of children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking. 
H.R. 469 begins to prepare the child 
welfare system for this population. A first step is to document the extent of the problem. Another step is to ensure that each State has a plan to train so-cial workers to identify and address the needs of this population. Arresting these children should not be the way we provide services. Arresting them treats them as criminals, and one has to question if jail is ever an appro-priate place to provide the type of serv-ices these children need. 
H.R. 469 also requires that, within 1 
year, the Department of Health and Human Services report to Congress on the prevalence and type of trafficking they have encountered. The report will assess State practices used to identify and serve trafficking victims and Fed-eral laws and policies that might, in fact, prevent States from supporting these victims, including the absence of trafficking in the Federal definition of ‘‘child abuse and neglect’’ under CAPTA, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. 
I am encouraged by the momentum 
that has been created to reform our child welfare system and to ensure that vulnerable children are provided with the resources they need. I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Re-sponse to Trafficking Act, and to con-tinue to work together in Congress to combat domestic minor sex trafficking. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri, Congresswoman W
AGNER , an 
aggressive and outspoken advocate for children since arriving here in Con-gress, an opponent of trafficking, and who has much to say but who also has had much evidence of action on this issue. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and for his leader-ship on this issue. 
I also want to thank Judge P
OE, who 
has fought this fight for so very many years. 
It is marvelous to have seen in the 
113th Congress five pieces of legislation on human trafficking move through this Chamber. Now, tomorrow, we will 
pass 12 pieces of human trafficking to end the scourge of sex slavery in this country and beyond, and I could not be more proud of this Chamber and of the bipartisan effort to get this done. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015, sponsored by Representative K
AREN BASS. 
Congresswoman B ASS has been a 
long-time leader in Congress on the issue of human trafficking. Her legisla-tion will strengthen the child welfare response to trafficking by ensuring that each State develops a plan that would identify children at risk of be-coming victims of human trafficking. According to the Department of Jus-tice, upwards of 300,000 American chil-dren are at risk of becoming the vic-tims of crime. 
One of the greatest challenges we 
face in combating this problem is a lack of accurate and reliable statistics. Frequently, those most at risk of fall-ing victim to human trafficking are not identified early enough to inter-vene. By ensuring that child welfare agencies have systems in place to prop-erly identify, to assess, and to docu-ment child victims of trafficking, H.R. 469 will move us towards a comprehen-sive, total solution to the scourge of human trafficking in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, I am also pleased to be 
sponsoring, at the end of our debate here, a Special Order on the issue of human trafficking. I invite all of my colleagues to join me on the floor as we talk about this important issue and about the 12 pieces of human traf-ficking legislation that will come for-ward tomorrow. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), 
who, in arriving here just this term, has rolled up his sleeves and has al-ready taken aggressive action on issues that make a difference. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I thank the 
gentleman from Michigan for yielding this time and for his efforts in this most noble fight. 
I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in support 
of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015, which directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop and publish guidelines to assist State child welfare agencies in efforts to serve youth who are victims or who are, perhaps, most importantly, at risk of becoming victims of human traf-ficking. In addition, this bill amends the Foster Care and Adoption Assist-ance Act to require a State plan for foster care and adoption assistance to identify children who are victims of human trafficking. 
Mr. Speaker, as the father of three 
sons and as the grandfather of pre-cious, precious twin granddaughters, nothing terrifies me more than the 
thought of a loved one’s falling victim to human sex trafficking. However, families all across our country suffer this horrific situation every day. I be-lieve all of my colleagues would agree that protecting every child in this country is our number one priority; yet children in State welfare systems slip through the cracks and go unnoticed every day. 
In the Georgia General Assembly, 
where I had the honor and privilege of serving for the past 10 years, I worked alongside my friend, State Senator Renee Unterman, to enact one of the Nation’s toughest crackdowns on human trafficking by strengthening protections for the victims of these crimes and by increasing penalties for those who commit them. In fact, last year, we went a step further by requir-ing businesses to post information on a 24-hour, toll-free hotline for victims of human trafficking so that they could call for help. 
I hope the guidelines that have been 
established under this law will encour-age other States to follow Georgia’s lead. Our utmost priority should be providing to these children, who have suffered at the hands of evil, access to care and support. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further requests for time. I would like to thank the chief sponsor and other supporters of the legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the remainder of my time. 
I think much has been said today 
that causes us to understand that what we are dealing with in this bill is the fact that there are entities that are supposed to be protecting children, that are supposed to be providing re-sources—law enforcement and welfare and human service entities—that are missing the mark. A lot of that comes from inadequate recordkeeping statis-tics and from the lack of knowledge of how this is having the greatest impact in negative ways on children’s lives. We would do very well today to follow the advice and direction from speakers who have already spoken on this issue. 
Pass this legislation, and provide fur-
ther hope for children caught in the trap of human trafficking and enslave-ment that comes from this crime. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 469. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015. I would like to thank my friend and colleague, Con-gresswoman K
AREN BASS, for introducing this 
bill and for all she does on behalf of foster youth. 
As an original cosponsor of this bill and a 
co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on Fos-ter Youth, I encourage all my colleagues to support this important legislation. In the pre-vious Congress, similar legislation passed the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.024 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H553 January 26, 2015 
House by a vote of 399–0—a strong show of 
support for foster youth. 
Foster youth are some of the most at-risk 
children in our society. They are often the vic-tims of abuse or neglect; and too many face trials and tribulations beyond their years. So much that we take for granted—a stable home, living with our siblings, or returning to the same school year after year—are constant obstacles for these children. 
This legislation will specifically address the 
link between girls in foster care and sex traf-ficking, and will require states to develop a child protection plan to identify and assess all reports involving children known or suspected to be victims of trafficking. Additionally, states must provide training plans for child protective services workers to appropriately respond to reports of child trafficking and have proce-dures in place that will connect child victims to public or private specialized services. 
I am proud to support this bipartisan legisla-
tion, and again I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 469. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
MISSING CHILDREN’S ASSISTANCE 
ACT AMENDMENT 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 246) to improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 246 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RESPONSE TO VICTIMS OF CHILD SEX 
TRAFFICKING. 
Section 404(b)(1)(P)(iii) of the Missing Chil-
dren’s Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5773(b)(1)(P)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘child prostitution’’ and inserting ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitution’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) and the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
b1700 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 246. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 246, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, today, the House of 
Representatives continues its commit-ment to bolstering enforcement efforts against human traffickers in the United States and ensuring that we properly identify and serve victims. 
I want to thank Congresswoman 
J
OYCE BEATTY for her leadership on 
this issue and for introducing H.R. 246, which will improve the ability of law enforcement officials and others to re-spond to and assist these victims. 
The House voted 409–0 to pass this 
legislation last summer, and as pre-vious House efforts have done, the bills being considered today attempt to change for the better how we view vic-tims. 
For too long, these victims have been 
seen as willing participants and treated 
as actors in the criminal scheme; how-ever, we now know that, oftentimes, individuals are trapped as victims by human trafficking organizations and, sadly, many of these victims are chil-dren. 
Congresswoman B
EATTY ’s legislation 
will ensure that we view victims of sex trafficking not as participants, but as victims, and ensure that child sex traf-ficking crimes are reported. 
Under current law, the National Cen-
ter for Missing and Exploited Children operates the CyberTipline to provide online users and electronic service pro-viders a means of reporting Internet- related child sexual exploitation in many areas, including child prostitu-tion. 
H.R. 246 would replace the term 
‘‘child prostitution’’ with ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ in the CyberTipline re-porting categories to reinforce that children who are sex-trafficked or sex-ually exploited are victims whose situ-ation should be taken seriously when reported. 
It would also ensure the public recog-
nizes that child prostitution is in-cluded in how NCMEC uses the term ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ and thus should still be reported to the CyberTipline. 
Again, I want to thank Congress-
woman B
EATTY , along with the Edu-
cation and the Workforce Committee and House leadership for recognizing the need to steadfastly address this dreadful practice. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 246, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
246, a bill to improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking. 
The bipartisan bill, sponsored by the 
gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), 
would amend the Missing Children’s Assistance Act by adding the term ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ to the list of items which may be reported to the National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children’s CyberTipline. Under the act, the center operates 
the CyberTipline to allow online users and electronic service providers a way of reporting Internet-related child sex-ual exploitation, including child pros-titution. 
The term ‘‘trafficking’’ more accu-
rately describes the circumstances by which children are sexually exploited and reinforces the notion that they are victims, not criminals. Adding traf-ficking to the list of items that may be reported to the center will not only help the center continue its out-standing work of finding and helping victims, but it will also help experts in the field of missing and exploited chil-dren better understand the nature and extent of the problem. 
I am grateful to the gentlewoman 
from Ohio for introducing this impor-tant legislation, and I appreciate her partnership with the majority, includ-ing the chairman of the full Committee on Education and the Workforce, Chairman K
LINE; the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. W ALBERG ); and other 
sponsors. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), the sponsor of the legislation. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 246, a bipar-tisan bill I introduced which will help victims of child sex trafficking by de-criminalizing their behavior. 
First, I would like to thank Chair-
man K
LINE from Minnesota and Rank-
ing Member S COTT from Virginia of the 
Education and the Workforce Com-mittee for bringing this important bill to the floor for consideration. 
I want to also thank Representative 
W
ALBERG , who is managing the bill, for 
his kind words and his leadership. He is managing the bill today for the Repub-licans. I also thank Congresswoman K
AREN BASSand Congresswoman A NN 
WAGNER for their leadership and sup-
port. 
Also, I would like to thank Senator 
PORTMAN , who I partnered with on this 
issue last Congress and who introduced the companion legislation in the Sen-ate. I look forward to working with him again during the 114th Congress to advance this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, last Congress, the 
House passed this exact bill unani-mously by a vote of 409–0. Today, I hope that my colleagues in the House will again approve this legislation with overwhelming bipartisan support so we can better assist victims of child sex trafficking and ensure they are viewed and treated as victims, not criminals. 
Earlier this month, I had the oppor-
tunity to participate in Ohio’s sixth annual Human Trafficking Awareness Day, which was held in my district at the Ohio statehouse. It was standing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.011 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H554 January 26, 2015 
room only. The event was chaired by 
State Representative Teresa Fedor from Toledo, who has spent a lifetime on this issue. There, we heard story after story from victims, survivors, and advocates, just like the ones we heard on the House floor earlier today. 
Almost every time I am home in my 
district in Ohio, I hear from people who are concerned about the victims of child sex trafficking. Constituents im-plore me to have Congress do more to protect those among us who are the most vulnerable, those who are being forced into what many deem modern- day slavery. 
This is for a good reason. Human 
trafficking is one of the fastest-grow-ing crimes in the world. In fact, accord-ing to the U.S. State Department, human trafficking is the world’s second largest criminal enterprise, after the illegal drug trade. Criminals involved in trafficking trade prey on those chil-dren already at risk in our society, the children who fall through the cracks in our society. 
In the United States, some 300,000 
children are at risk each year of com-mercial sexual exploitation. Mr. Speaker, many of these children are runaways, homeless, and in and out of foster care. These children deserve bet-ter. 
The average age of a trafficked vic-
tim in the United States is 12 years of age. Mr. Speaker, this is shameful. At 12 years old, children should be playing sports, participating in their school science fair, learning new languages, or just being children. They should not be for sale night after night. 
In my home State of Ohio, each year, 
there is an estimated 1,100 Ohio chil-dren who become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk. Ohio is the fifth leading State for human trafficking because of its prox-imity to a waterway that leads to an international border and a system of interstate highways that allow an indi-vidual to exit the State within 2 hours to almost anywhere. 
The I–75 corridor runs through To-
ledo, Dayton, and Cincinnati. It is infa-mous for subjecting children to the horrors of sex trafficking, with reports of victims being repeatedly abused. 
We know that no single system can 
successfully combat trafficking. Pre-venting, identifying, and serving vic-tims of trafficking requires a multi-coordinated approach across all levels of government. We need to encourage all people: when they see something, say something. 
How can concerned citizens report 
activities of suspected child exploi-tation? Currently, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children op-erates a CyberTipline, which receives leads and tips regarding suspected crimes of sexual exploitation com-mitted against children. 
This CyberTipline is operated in 
partnership with the FBI, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the United States Postal Inspection Service, United States Secret Service, United 
States Department of Justice, as well as other State and local enforcement agencies. 
These reports are constantly mon-
itored to help ensure children in immi-nent danger get first priority. More than 2.8 million reports of suspected child exploitation have been made to the CyberTipline between 1998 and Oc-tober of 2014. 
Under current law, child sex traf-
ficking is not identified as one of the types of sexual exploitation that should be reported to the CyberTipline, even though the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children en-counters child victims of sex traf-ficking and currently uses this term on its Web site in order to encourage the public’s reporting of these types of crimes. 
Instead, the statute uses the term 
‘‘child prostitution’’—yes, child pros-titution, Mr. Speaker—which we know does not fully and accurately capture these types of crimes against children. My bill would add the phrase ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitu-tion,’’ to section b(1)(p) of the Missing Children’s Assistance Act. 
This legislation was crafted in order 
to improve and update the law in order to reflect the current state of Federal laws and to reinforce that children who are sex-trafficked or sexually exploited are victims and not criminals. 
Mr. Speaker, children in sex traf-
ficking situations are often misidentified as ‘‘willing’’ participants. We know there is a widespread lack of awareness and understanding of traf-ficking. 
Take, for instance, a story I recently 
heard about Holly, who is a survivor of human trafficking. When Holly was 14 years old, she ran away from home with a man she had met at a shopping mall. Holly and this man exchanged phone numbers. He continued to pursue Holly over the course of many months. 
Convincing her to run away with him 
was not an overnight accomplishment. He got to know her, analyzed her trou-bles, and asked about her dreams. He did this so that when Holly was on her summer break from the eighth grade, the pressures of her 14-year-old world boiled to the surface. 
With all this confusion and pressure 
Holly was feeling, this predator was able to convince her to flee towards what she thought was opportunity, pos-sibility, and freedom. In reality, Holly ran right into the clutches of a sexual trafficking ring. Within hours of run-ning away with what turned out to be 
a manipulative and threatening pimp, she was coerced into prostitution. 
Fortunately for Holly, eventually an 
officer on the street thought that she seemed underage, so he approached her and arrested her. She was soon recog-nized to be a victim and began the long journey toward healing. Today, I am proud to say that Holly is an advocate for stronger anti-trafficking laws and greater protection for survivors of all forms of human trafficking. This bill, H.R. 246, is intended to pro-
tect young children like Holly, to res-cue and restore them. By adding the term ‘‘child sex trafficking, including child prostitution,’’ to the Missing Children’s Assistance Act, we will be able to continue to fight the perception that sex trafficking is a voluntary, victimless crime, and this will exclude them from prostitution. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation. 
b1715 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, we 
have no further speakers at this time, and so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
how much time is available on this side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Virginia has 8
1⁄2minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ASS), who has worked on all of 
the bills we have considered today. 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in strong support of H.R. 246, a bill to improve the response to victims of child trafficking. 
First, I would like to commend my 
colleague, Representative J
OYCE  
BEATTY , for her commitment to trans-
forming the language that we use to discuss child victims of sex trafficking and for taking the lead on this impor-tant legislation. After all, a child can-not consent to sex, so a child cannot be considered a prostitute. And her ex-ploiter should never be called a john; he should be called what he is, a child molester. 
While trafficking advocates and orga-
nizations have worked tirelessly over the years to ensure that the framework and language we use to describe child victims of trafficking recognizes that they are, in fact, victims, we still have a long way to go. These children have gone through enough trauma. They do not need to continue to hear language that places the blame on them for a crime that an adult committed. 
Phone hotlines and cyber tip lines 
operated by organizations throughout the country are critical to ensuring that individuals have a means to report these incidents of human trafficking and child exploitation. 
Under this legislation, reports of do-
mestic minor sex trafficking to the CyberTipline of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children would be classified as ‘‘child sex trafficking’’ and no longer as ‘‘child prostitution.’’ This change would reinforce the fact that the children are victims and not criminals. 
Representative B
EATTY ’s bill is an-
other critical building block to trans-forming the framework and dialogue around child victims of sex trafficking. I look forward to continuing to change the conversation and urge my col-leagues in the House to support this important legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.028 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H555 January 26, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
we have no further requests for time. I want to thank all of the sponsors of the legislation for bringing it forward, this and the other two bills that we have also considered. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the remainder of my time. 
The passage of this legislation shows 
the House’s commitment to providing the necessary tools and policies to help reduce child sex trafficking and better serve these victims, and on the rec-ommendations and admonition of my colleagues today, again I would say, these victims in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, this is good work that 
we are doing here. I submit, it is prob-ably the type of work that our con-stituents are calling us to work across the aisle to accomplish. 
During the human trafficking 
roundtables I have held in my district, law enforcement officials have consist-ently raised the need to make commu-nity members aware of the real and present threat of human trafficking. We must work to not only educate chil-dren, but also families and the general public, about the safety risks. 
The statistics on sex trafficking and 
exploitation among young people are startling. Approximately one out of six runaway youth are likely victims of sex trafficking, and roughly one out of three youth are lured into prostitution, victimization, sex-trafficked within 48 hours of running away from home. 
This is happening all over the coun-
try and not just in my home State. Therefore, I urge all Members to lead efforts in their districts to continue the conversation about human traf-ficking to learn what more we can do in our communities and to curtail this heinous crime. 
H.R. 246 is another step to educating 
our communities about human traf-ficking victims, and it continues our work to ensure that we are doing what we can to help reduce this horrible crime. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.R. 246. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 246. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU, 
IRAN, AND THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
support Speaker B
OEHNER ’s invitation 
to Prime Minister Netanyahu to ad-dress this body to discuss the Iranian threat and the growing instability in the Middle East due to the rise of glob-al jihadist networks. 
A nuclear-capable Iran will spark an 
arms race in the region and directly threaten America’s interests as Iran continues to make progress on its intercontinental ballistic missile pro-gram. But as grave as this threat is to America, it pales in comparison to the existential threat that it poses to our democratic ally, the Jewish State of Israel. 
No other nation is more familiar 
with the Iranian threat and the pitfalls of our ongoing nuclear negotiations than Israel, and that is why it is imper-ative that we hear firsthand from Prime Minister Netanyahu on Israel’s assessment of Iran’s nuclear program and other terrorist threats that are emanating from the Middle East. 
Thank you, Speaker B
OEHNER , for 
that invitation. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO JERMAINE 
KEARSE 
(Mr. HECK of Washington asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, Gandhi once famously said: ‘‘Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.’’ 
Jermaine Kearse has been making 
plays in Washington State for more than 10 years, first as a Lancer at Lakes High, then as a Husky at the University of Washington, and since 2012 as, of course, a Seattle Seahawk. 
You may very well have seen his 
game-winning catch in the NFC Cham-pionship game in the end zone. But that game wasn’t a cakewalk for Jermaine by any means. There were interceptions and there were drops. 
It was on the sidelines, however, that 
one of Jermaine’s injured teammates said to him to forget about it and to re-member that there are still plays to be made here. 
Ever want to give up? Ever think it is 
too hard? Ever think the odds are stacked against you? Remember the will of Jermaine Kearse and the Se-attle Seahawks. Tell yourself there are still plays to be made. 
Congratulations, number 15. Lake-
wood and the entire 10th Congressional District are very, very proud of you and, frankly, we can’t wait to see you fly in Glendale and make the New Eng-land Patriots shake and the earth move. Go, Hawks. 
f 
ANWR DESIGNATION IS AN 
ENERGY MORATORIUM 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address an area of great concern. The Obama ad-ministration has just announced their intention to designate more than 12 million acres of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska as wilder-ness. 
Now, this move would place a de 
facto moratorium on oil and gas pro-duction on the largest onshore, unex-plored, and potentially productive areas in the United States. 
While this area only represents about 
8 percent of the total size of ANWR, the Energy Information Administra-tion suggests a great potential for the recovery of oil and gas based upon nearby plays in Canada. 
Mr. Speaker, the President often 
touts America’s move towards greater energy independence. The irony is that most of that, much of this production has occurred on private lands and by private hands. Placing new prohibi-tions on Federal lands is simply doublespeak. 
Thomas Edison once said, and I 
quote, ‘‘Seeming to do is not doing.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, while we may not be fo-
cused on energy prices at the moment, planning for the future is as prudent as it is wise. I encourage the administra-tion to think about our future. The American people deserve as much. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HILL) laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a subpoena for documents issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana in con-nection with a criminal case currently pend-ing before that court. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel, I will determine whether com-pliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk of the House. 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) is recognized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.030 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H556 January 26, 2015 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the 
majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the subject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of packages of human trafficking legislation to be considered by the House of Representatives this week, 12 different pieces of legislation. I also rise today in support of all the good work done by my colleagues here in Congress on the issue of human traf-ficking. 
Mr. Speaker, as a former United 
States Ambassador, I was exposed first-hand to the horrors of human traf-ficking on an international level. I wit-nessed and reported on devastating consequences of human trafficking, where innocent women and children were dragged into the dark abyss of sex slavery. But never in my wildest dreams did I ever think human traf-ficking was so rampant right here in the United States of America. Ameri-cans are being forced into sexual slav-ery by ruthless human traffickers. 
Mr. Speaker, right now there are 
young women being forced into pros-titution in virtually every district across this Nation. It is hiding in plain sight. In fact, I was shocked to learn that my own hometown of St. Louis, Missouri, has been identified as one of the top 20 areas for sex trafficking in the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, this problem is before 
our eyes. It is in our communities, it is in our neighborhoods, and it is in our cul-de-sacs. It is right here before us. Every year, thousands of young Ameri-cans’ lives are impacted by this des-picable crime. However, there is hope. 
I take hope from the work done by 
the law enforcement professionals who are on the front lines every day pro-tecting our Nation’s children from those who would seek to exploit them. I take hope from those who work in victims services and their tireless ef-forts to help survivors recover, heal, and forge new lives out of the horrors of sexual enslavement. Most impor-tantly, Mr. Speaker, I take hope from all the survivors, the survivors of this hideous crime. Their strength gives us strength, their resolve gives us inspira-tion, and their steadfast commitment to ending sex trafficking gives us all the courage to fight. 
b1730 
Mr. Speaker, because of the efforts of 
many individuals and groups, I am happy to report that Congress has taken notice of this serious problem. Years of work by Representatives N
OEM, P OE, P AULSEN , H ULTGREN , 
REICHERT , SMITH, among many others, have raised awareness of this issue and 
have laid the foundation for the long overdue action Congress is presently taking. I am grateful that many of my colleagues have held events in their home districts to raise awareness and education of this crime. 
Last year in St. Louis, I participated, 
along with Judge P
OE, in a conference 
at which the private and public sectors came together to share best practices about combating human trafficking. Representatives D
AVIS, H UDSON , 
WALBERG , R OSKAM , C OFFMAN , 
HUIZENGA , and H ECK, among so many 
other Members of my colleagues, have all held human trafficking events in their districts to raise awareness and offer solutions to end sexual assault and human trafficking. I applaud these efforts, and I look forward to con-tinuing this work for years to come. 
However, Mr. Speaker, there is much, 
much work to be done. As legislators, we have an obligation to come together and do something because we can, be-cause we should, and because we must. 
The legislation that we are voting on 
this week in the House of Representa-tives will provide prosecutors with the tools they need to prosecute traffickers and will provide social service pro-viders with the resources they need to assist victims in healing. These bills will mandate much-needed awareness and training, and will provide govern-ment agencies with the accurate, de-pendable statistics they need to com-bat this terrible crime. 
I am so proud of the action this body 
has taken to recognize and address this problem, which has so long festered in the shadows. 
I am equally proud of all my col-
leagues today who have come to the floor to speak up for the victims of human trafficking, to show them they are not alone, that we are with them, and that we will no longer be silent in the face of such depravity. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to 
one of my colleagues, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). He is re-
introducing his bill, the Sex Traf-ficking Demand Reduction Act. The bill urges nations to recognize the link between the purchase of commercial sex and the prevalence of human traf-ficking in society, and to confront the former in order to effectively combat the latter. The bill targets demand. 
He has hosted anti-trafficking forums 
for Members of Congress at which the anti-trafficking documentary ‘‘Nefar-ious’’ was shown. The producers of the film from Exodus Cry attended. 
He is a member of the House leader-
ship Human Trafficking Task Force and the Human Trafficking Caucus, and he has worked with the Tom Lan-tos Human Rights Commission on ef-forts to help human trafficking victims both in the U.S. and abroad. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Illinois, R
ANDY HULTGREN . 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to join my colleagues in recogni-tion of Human Trafficking Awareness Month and Human Trafficking Aware-
ness Week here in the House of Rep-resentatives. 
I especially want to thank my good 
friend and colleague from Missouri, A
NNWAGNER , for hosting tonight’s 
Special Order. 
Today, human trafficking represents 
a modern form of slavery. It is a crisis that victimizes 21 million people world-wide. In my home State of Illinois, the National Human Trafficking Resource Center estimates that 25,000 women and girls are exploited each year by sex traffickers. Because of its strategic lo-cation as a major transportation and commercial center, Chicago has be-come a major national hub for human trafficking. 
As a member of the Congressional 
Human Trafficking Task Force, we are working to coordinate the efforts of the congressional leadership and inter-national anti-trafficking groups to punish perpetrators, rescue and bring hope to victims, and assist nations in their fight against the global epidemic of trafficking in human beings. 
Through legislation like that which 
the House will bring to the floor this week, I am pleased to see this body take critical steps to target the per-petrators of human trafficking and en-hance efforts toward eradicating it. 
Later this week, I will be reintro-
ducing my own bill, the Sex Traf-ficking Demand Reduction Act. Evi-dence suggests a clear link between the purchase of commercial sex and the prevalence of sex trafficking in a soci-ety. Where there is a robust demand for commercial sex, human trafficking as an industry and practice thrives as well. The Sex Trafficking Demand Re-duction Act highlights this link and re-quires national governments to factor in their efforts to combat demand as part of their overall fight against human trafficking. 
Human trafficking is the most insid-
ious of criminal enterprises. It targets the youngest and most vulnerable in society, stealing their innocence and depriving them of any hope of escaping a downward spiral of depravity and de-spair. Thankfully, we are all becoming increasingly aware of the extent of human trafficking and the magnitude of the effects on its victims. Through the persistent efforts of international anti-human trafficking groups, na-tional, State, and local governments, the Tom Lantos Human Rights Com-mission, and dedicated individuals con-cerned about the communities in which they live, we have made sustained in-roads towards eradicating the scourge of human trafficking. We can envision the day when human trafficking will no longer represent a blight on human-ity, a day when victims will experience complete restoration. 
Again, I want to thank my colleague 
from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ) for this 
opportunity to speak. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to draw attention to this bracelet that I have on that many of my col-leagues are going to be wearing over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.033 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H557 January 26, 2015 
the next 2 days as we pass 12 pieces of 
human trafficking legislation. This tab bracelet was handmade by dedicated volunteers to raise funds for Crisis Aid International safe homes in my own hometown of St. Louis, Missouri. The safe homes provide comfort and sup-port for young women rescued from the horrors of sex trafficking. 
The bracelet project, which was in-
spired by an 11-year-old victim wanting to make a difference, has become the symbol of hope for these precious young people. 
Join me. I ask all my colleagues to 
join me in wearing this bracelet to spread awareness about the scourge of sex slavery. 
Next, it is my pleasure to yield to the 
gentlewoman from Ohio, Representa-tive J
OYCE BEATTY . 
Last year, Congresswoman B EATTY  
partnered with Senator P ORTMAN from 
Ohio to introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation, the Bringing Missing Chil-dren Home Act, to improve law en-forcement reporting and response pro-cedures in cases of missing children, the most vulnerable victims of child trafficking and sexual exploitation. 
This Congress, she introduces H.R. 
246, which would improve and update the Missing Children’s Assistance Act in order to reflect the current state of Federal law and reinforce that children who are sex-trafficked or sexually ex-
ploited are victims and not criminals. 
I am a proud cosponsor of the gentle-
woman’s legislation, and it is my pleas-ure to yield to the gentlelady from Ohio, Representative J
OYCE BEATTY . 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, first let 
me just say thank you to my colleague 
from Missouri, Congresswoman A NN 
WAGNER , for organizing tonight’s Spe-
cial Order hour but, probably more im-portantly, a bipartisan Special Order hour. And let me say, I proudly wear this bracelet in honor of all of those survivors. 
I also want to note that her work as 
a former United States Ambassador ex-posed her firsthand to the horrors of human trafficking on an international level. Her work has raised awareness of this problem and has laid the founda-tion for congressional action. 
Despite international efforts to 
eradicate human trafficking, it still ex-ists and affects communities in every country, including the United States. This transnational crime exploits the weakest and often subjects victims to mental and physical abuse. 
Human trafficking is an estimated 
multibillion-dollar-a-year inter-national enterprise that forces the weakest among us into the horrors of modern day slavery. 
It is also one of the fastest-growing 
crimes in the world. In fact, according to the United States State Depart-ment, human trafficking is the world’s second-largest criminal enterprise, Mr. Speaker, after illegal drug trade. It is forced prostitution, domestic slavery, and forced labor. 
It is also oftentimes underground and 
masked so well that it is difficult to recognize. These victims are our house-
keepers, our farmworkers brought into the United States by labor brokers who promised a job but enslaved these vic-tims instead. Sex traffickers target the weakest members of our society by using violence or threats or other coer-cive means to keep victims enslaved. 
Human trafficking deprives individ-
uals of their most basic and unalienable rights—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That is why we must continue to work to end human trafficking and support the vic-tims by providing resources and assist-ance during their time of need. 
My home State of Ohio is the fifth- 
leading State for human trafficking. In Ohio, an estimated 1,100 Ohio children become victims, with some 3,000 more at risk. In fact, a preliminary report on the scope of the problem in Ohio cited that 13 years of age is the most com-mon age for youth to become victims of child sex trafficking. 
During my time in public service, as 
a public servant both in the Ohio Leg-islature and here, I have heard story after story of heartbreaking personal human trafficking experiences from Ohio. Just 2 weeks ago, my hometown paper, The Columbus Dispatch, re-ported that a massage spa in central Ohio was serving as a front for orga-nized prostitution, where 18 women who spoke little or no English were forced to work there, eat there, and sleep there. Authorities believe that these women were likely trafficked into the United States to work in a sex trade. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to have a 
copy of this article placed into the R
ECORD . 
[From the Columbus Dispatch, Jan. 15, 2015] 
(By Theodore Decker) 
Behind the Powell storefront—between a 
dentist’s office and a dessert shop—the women slept each night on massage tables. 
Rarely, investigators say, did they appear 
to leave the Amsun Massage Spa, a business that caught the attention of Powell police not long after it opened last fall in a strip mall at 128 E. Olentangy St. 
The women worked there. They ate there. 
They slept there. They might not have had a choice, authorities said. 
Local, state and federal investigators an-
nounced yesterday that the massage parlor was a front for organized prostitution and was one of four addresses raided in Delaware and Franklin counties as part of Powell’s in-vestigation. A parallel federal investigation resulted in searches of other addresses, al-though details of those raids were under court-ordered seal yesterday. 
The combined searches turned up 18 women 
who speak little or no English and might have been trafficked to work in the sex trade. Investigators said various agencies have stepped in to provide shelter and other support to the women. 
‘‘They don’t know the culture, they don’t 
speak the language, and they’re very untrusting of law enforcement,’’ said Nathan Emery, special agent in charge of the Colum-bus office of the federal Homeland Security Investigations agency. 
The women fear deportation, a threat that 
was used by their employers to keep them in line, police said. Authorities are trying to pin down their identities and countries of or-
igin. 
‘‘We are not just arresting those who are 
suspected of trafficking women for sex, we are also rescuing those who may be victims of this heinous crime,’’ said Cmdr. Gary Cameron of the Columbus police narcotics bureau. 
Powell’s search warrants were served at 
Amsun Massage in Powell; Amsun Massage, l000 High St., Worthington; Rainbow Mas-sage, 5564 Hilliard-Rome Rd. on the Far West Side; and a Jasmine Court residence on the Far West Side. 
A man and woman from Columbus were ar-
rested: Xiao Shuang Chao, 56, and Qing Xu, whose age was unknown. Investigators aren’t sure of the couple’s relationship but said they operated the businesses locally. They face organized-crime charges in Delaware County Common Pleas Court. 
Powell Police Chief Gary Vest said that 
soon after Amsun opened, his department was tipped that women were living there and providing sex-related services to clients. 
Emery said women are brought to the 
United States by human traffickers and, in-stead of finding a better life, ‘‘to pay off their debts, they’re put into forced ser-vitude.’’ 
Mrs. BEATTY. Because of the impor-
tance of this issue in my State and in our Nation, I engaged during my first term in Congress to pass a sex traf-ficking bill, 400–9. Last year, as you heard from Congresswoman W
AGNER , I 
partnered with Senator P ORTMAN from 
Ohio to introduce bipartisan, bicameral legislation, the Bringing Missing Chil-
dren Home Act, H.R. 3905. 
This Congress, I have introduced H.R. 
246, which would improve and update the Missing Children’s Assistance Act in order to reflect the current state of Federal law and reinforce that children who are sex-trafficked or sexually ex-ploited are victims and not criminals. 
Lastly, my bill would add the phrase 
‘‘sex child trafficking, including child prostitution’’ to section b(1)(P) of the Missing Children’s Assistance Act to fight the perception that sex traf-ficking is a voluntary, victimless crime. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to join my 
colleagues, Democrats and Repub-licans, in speaking against and bring-ing awareness of human trafficking. Our country, our constituents, our children need our help. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentle-
woman for her leadership and her friendship. Thank you so much, Con-gresswoman J
OYCE BEATTY . 
Next, Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure 
to yield to the gentleman from Texas, Congressman T
EDPOE. Judge P OEhas 
been a longstanding advocate for vic-tims of crime. He has dedicated his life to promoting justice and giving voice to survivors and, as a Member of Con-gress, has been a tireless advocate for legislation that provides a comprehen-sive approach to address the problem of human trafficking in the United States. Congressman P
OEhas been a 
friend and a colleague and a kindred spirit to me in the House of Represent-atives. His championing of victims’ rights has inspired countless survivors of crime to stand up for their rights and demand change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.034 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H558 January 26, 2015 
I yield to the Congressman from 
Texas, Judge T EDPOE. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank the gentle-
woman from Missouri for yielding to me. 
Mr. Speaker, it is worth noting that 
this effort to combat human traf-ficking in the United States, in my opinion, is led by the ladies of the House on both sides, the Republicans and the Democrats. The spunk of my friend from Missouri and all of the oth-ers who have spoken and will speak later on these pieces of legislation is obvious. 
b1745 
There are 12 bills, Mr. Speaker. They 
are bipartisan bills on one subject. As long as I have been here, I have never seen so much attention by all Members of the House on both sides of the aisle moving and trying to fix a problem as this. 
Twelve pieces of legislation—many of 
those passed last year, they just never got voted on in the Senate—and we are bringing them up again. Once again, it is the ladies to whom America owes a great gratitude to. My grandmother used to say that there is nothing more powerful than a woman who has made up her mind. The ladies of the House have made up their mind on the issue of trafficking. They are not going to tolerate it, and neither are the rest of us. 
Mr. Speaker, it is ironic to me that 
this tremendous amount of legisla-tion—this important subject—is get-ting so little play in the national media. It seems that the media and America, I guess, is more concerned about the disappearance of air in foot-balls than they are about the dis-appearance of America’s children that are being trafficked across the United States. 
The worst thing that is taking place 
among our youth is the slavery that is happening to them. The runaways, the throwaways, and the stowaways of America’s children are disappearing into this scourge of slavery, as it has been rightfully called. 
Many of us remember how we got in-
volved in trying to prevent this. My first experience was meeting a little girl in Peru at the age of 7 whose name is Lilly. Lilly could not speak because of the numerous assaults that had been committed against her before she was rescued. It is not just kids in South America or Central America or over-seas; it is America’s children that are being trafficked. 
We have to make it clear that these 
young girls, primarily, that are on the streets and that are being sold and bartered by these slave masters are not criminals. These are not prostitutes. These are victims of crimes. America needs to change its focus and its under-standing that when we see that occur-ring, that person is a victim, not a criminal. 
As has been mentioned, Mr. Speaker, 
this is one of the leading ways that criminal organizations are making 
money because, in the drug trade, you get drugs and you sell them one time; plus the risk of apprehension is greater for drug sales than with the selling of kids. Children can be sold multiples times a night, and they are. 
When the trafficker is captured, very 
often, nothing happens, so that is why this lucrative trade continues to make money, but it also continues to make money because there is a demand in this country for this scourge. 
These men, primarily, that abuse 
children are criminals. They are sex of-fenders. They are child molesters. Some call them johns. They are not johns. John was a good guy. He is in the Bible. Why would we call them that? 
They are child molesters, and we 
need to recognize them for what they are. We need to know who they are. Their names need to be published, and they need to go to jail for what they do because we have to go after the de-mand. 
That is why I have introduced the 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act along with my friend C
AROLYN MALO-
NEY from New York. C AROLYN MALO-
NEY—a New York Democrat and a 
Texas conservative Republican, that is just about as bipartisan as you can get, Mr. Speaker. We are separated by a common language, to coin the phrase; but on this issue, like most Members of the House, we are united that we are going to stop this. 
This bill does a few things. It goes 
after the trafficker, the slave master. It helps law enforcement capture them and put them in jail. That is why we build prisons. Then it goes after the victim—the child—rescues them, re-stores them, and finds a place for them. 
Did you know, Mr. Speaker, that in 
the United States, according to the Hu-mane Society, there are about 3,000 animal shelters? We need them all. I have got three Dalmatians. I got one of them from a shelter in Dallas. I call him the weapon of mass destruction. We need those shelters. 
But did you know that, according to 
Shared Hope International, there are only about 300 beds for minor sex-traf-ficked victims in the United States? That ought not to be. They need more places to go when the police rescue them. 
God bless the police. Many times, 
when they find these children, they know they are sex-trafficked victims, but there is no place to put them, so they put them in the juvenile justice system. That is not a good idea, but 
that is the only place they are safe. We need to find residences and homes for them. That is what this bill does. 
The third thing it does is it goes 
after the demand, the person in the middle, the customer that abuses chil-dren, the rapist. We are going after those guys, Mr. Speaker. The days of ‘‘boys being boys’’ is over. Those people are going to be arrested and prosecuted for the crimes that they have com-mitted. Mr. Speaker, I insert into the R
ECORD  
some of the numerous anti-trafficking organizations that have helped all of us in this legislation. 
ANTI-TRAFFICKING , CHILD WELFARE , ANDLAW 
ENFORCEMENT ORGANIZATIONS  
Children at Risk (Houston), Rights for 
Girls, Shared Hope International, End Child Prostitution and Trafficking—USA, National Children’s Alliance, National Association to Protect Children, National Center for Miss-ing and Exploited Children, Equality Now, Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, Fraternal of Police, National Association of Police Organizations, National Conference of State Legislatures, National Criminal Jus-tice Association, National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I call 
these groups the victims’ posse that helps us in this issue. 
The last thing I want to mention, Mr. 
Speaker, is I used to prosecute crimi-nals. I was a judge in criminal court for 22 years. Sexual assault is what it is called now, but the crime really is rape. It is rape of America’s greatest resource: children. 
We cannot tolerate this. We ask 
sometimes: Why are we even here? Well, I can tell you why we are here. We are here to make sure that all Americans, including American chil-dren and those immigrants that have been sold into the United States, are protected from crimes like rape. 
Mr. Speaker, children are not for 
sale. I am glad to see that the House is making sure that they will not be for sale in the future. I thank the gentle-lady for the time. 
And that is just the way it is. Mrs. WAGNER. Thank you, Judge 
P
OE, for your tremendous leadership in 
this area and so many others dealing with victims’ rights. 
It is now my pleasure to recognize 
the gentlewoman from New Hampshire, Representative A
NN KUSTER . Rep-
resentative K USTER has been a strong 
proponent of human and women’s rights, advocating for a number of bills that support fighting sexual assault and human trafficking, including her bipartisan legislation to improve whis-tleblower protections which was passed into law last year to protect military members who report instances of sex-ual abuse. 
Last Congress, Representative 
K
USTER and I joined together in co-
authoring a letter condemning the kid-napping of nearly 300 girls by the ter-rorist group Boko Haram and calling on the United States Government to work with the United Nations to enact more comprehensive financial sanc-tions against the organization. 
I thank her for her leadership on this 
area, and it is my pleasure to yield to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire, Representative A
NNKUSTER . 
Ms. KUSTER. Thank you, Judge P OE, 
and to my dear colleague, A NNWAG-
NER, and to all of my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle for tackling this issue. 
I am proud to join my colleagues in 
passing these six commonsense bills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.036 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H559 January 26, 2015 
which I have pushed for across the aisle 
to strengthen protections for victims of sex trafficking, and Judge P
OEhas 
done a great job setting the stage here for the child who is the victim of sex trafficking. 
I think we all need to work on our 
language and our understanding. He is absolutely correct. I look forward to passing more of these reforms tomor-row and to continuing our bipartisan work together. 
It saddens and astonishes me that in 
today’s world, human trafficking re-mains such a serious problem both here at home and abroad. Throughout the world, thousands of women and under-age children are being trafficked and forced to commit sexual acts against their will. 
As Judge P
OEso eloquently stated, 
rape, that is what we are talking about. It is sickening that individuals advertise and promote this heinous practice in order to make a quick prof-it. Representative W
AGNER ’s legisla-
tion, the SAVE Act, which I helped to cointroduce, would penalize individuals who knowingly host and sell advertise-ments for the commercial exploitation of minors and trafficking victims. 
Last Congress, as she eloquently 
stated, I was very proud to reach across the aisle and join Representative W
AG-
NER to lead all House women—every 
single House woman Member, Repub-lican and Democrat—in urging the Obama administration to push the United Nations Security Council to add Boko Haram to the Al-Qaida Sanctions List, following the abduction of nearly 300 schoolgirls threatened to be sold into sexual slavery by this terrorist group. 
The horrific kidnapping of the female 
Nigerian school students captured the world’s shock and horror; however, human trafficking is not just a foreign issue. Together, we can be a powerful bipartisan voice against the horrors of this and other instances of human traf-ficking. 
Both Democrats and Republicans in 
the House understand the importance of working together to protect women and girls, and they know that traf-ficking isn’t just a political issue, it is a human issue. 
I have organized discussions on this 
topic back home in New Hampshire where I have heard from community leaders, law enforcement officials, aca-demic researchers, advocates, and— most importantly and, frankly, most eloquently—the trafficking victims themselves about the ongoing occur-rence of human and sex trafficking taking place right here in our own backyard. 
Domestic child sex trafficking is a 
serious problem in the United States, with an estimated 293,000 American youth at risk of commercial sex traf-ficking and exploitation. 
It is imperative that we pass these 
bills to help law enforcement rescue domestic victims, track down their ex-ploiters, provide additional tools for prosecutors to treat trafficked minors 
as victims instead of criminals, and en-sure access to protective services. Again, I commend Judge P
OEfor his el-
oquent description. 
I applaud the House leadership for 
bringing to a vote these bipartisan bills to prevent trafficking and provide sup-port to victims. As a mother, I hon-estly cannot even imagine the anguish and the pain that these families go through as they fight to bring their loved ones back home. 
It is essential that we pass these bills 
and, moving forward, that we do every-thing together to support States’ and countries’ efforts to eliminate human trafficking. 
Thank you, Representative W
AGNER , 
and to all my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for organizing this worthy effort. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentle-
woman from New Hampshire for her leadership and her friendship on so many matters that we come together. 
Mr. Speaker, it is now my pleasure to 
introduce the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee, Representative D
IANE BLACK . 
She was an original cosponsor of my SAVE Act that we will be introducing tomorrow and that I will have the pleasure to talk about on the floor dur-ing debate tomorrow. 
She has sponsored roundtables in her 
district with law enforcement and com-munity leaders on the impact of human trafficking in her home State of Ten-nessee, and she has worked with End Slavery Tennessee to see firsthand their efforts to combat trafficking in 
her State. 
She is a leader among us for all vic-
tims, all those who have no voice. She is a friend and a dear colleague. It is my pleasure to yield to the representa-tive from Tennessee, Congresswoman D
IANE BLACK . 
Mrs. BLACK. I thank the gentlelady 
and my good friend from Missouri for yielding to me, and I also thank her for all her tireless hours of work in not only bringing up this issue so that we will be more aware, but also in finding solutions so that we can help those that are victims. 
I am honored to wear the bracelet 
that is made by the survivors, and I thank her for her endless and tireless work on behalf of these young women— young women and men—who have be-come victims. 
Mr. Speaker, for many Americans, 
the issue of human trafficking is far re-moved from their daily lives, some-thing that is relegated to foreign coun-tries and maybe history books, but the truth is human sex trafficking is the third largest criminal enterprise in the world, with an estimated 300,000 young Americans at risk of becoming victims. 
According to the Department of Jus-
tice, those most likely to fall prey to this heartbreaking crime are 12-to 14- year-old girls. These young women are someone’s daughters, and we cannot turn a blind eye to their plight. 
Last year, I had the opportunity to 
visit End Slavery Tennessee, a non-profit that works tirelessly to confront 
trafficking in my State. Their mission is taken from the Book of Isaiah, ‘‘to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives, and release from darkness for the prisoners.’’ 
This week, the House will take mean-
ingful steps to fulfill this vision by taking up a series of bipartisan bills addressing the impact of trafficking. This includes the SAVE Act, sponsored by my good friend from Missouri, legis-lation that I cosponsored to go after the online advertisers who profit off of the sale of these innocent victims. 
b1800 
Mr. Speaker, no single act of Con-
gress will stop all acts of trafficking, or even bring justice for every victim whose innocence has been stolen by this evil activity, but we cannot let our inability to do everything stop us from doing something. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for her leadership on this issue and so many others. 
It is now my pleasure to yield to a 
brandnew freshman Member, the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). Combating human traf-
ficking is a priority for Congressman W
ALKER , and this is his very first bill 
introduced here in Washington, the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015. It aims to help end this uncon-scionable industry. North Carolina is ranked as a top State for labor and sex trafficking, and this vital legislation 
works to effectively train and inform Department of Homeland Security per-sonnel to better detect and intersect human traffickers and their victims. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congresswoman W
AGNER for her work 
in organizing this Special Order, and I also thank Representative M
ARKMEAD-
OWSin allowing us to lead with such an 
important piece of legislation. 
It was only a week ago that we cele-
brated the life of Martin Luther King, Jr., who famously said: ‘‘Injustice any-where is a threat to justice every-where.’’ 
We now have the opportunity to act 
upon one of the greatest injustices of our time—the growing criminal indus-try of human trafficking. 
All across America, vulnerable young 
men, women, children, and even entire families, are being victimized and ex-ploited in unspeakable ways. These precious human beings are seen by their traffickers as a commodity, val-ued only for the profit they can turn. We must not remain silent about such depravity. Rather, we must engage with immediate fervor on this signifi-cant humanitarian crisis. 
Victims of human trafficking can lit-
erally be hidden in plain sight. How-ever, we know that the United States is considered a leading destination for human traffickers. It is a top source of income for organized crime and in-volves more than half the street gangs in our Nation. From our big cities to our small towns, this billion-dollar in-dustry is here. And unless we move 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.038 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H560 January 26, 2015 
quickly, it will be here for some time. 
It is growing, and it must be eradi-cated. 
Law enforcement officers, prosecu-
tors, and nonprofit groups such as Alamance for Freedom in my own Sixth Congressional District of North Carolina are on the front lines of this battle, and they are pleading for our help. Here in Congress, we hear your voices. Most importantly, we hear the voices of those trapped in this evil, modern-day slavery. 
There is an immediate need for train-
ing that will enable officers and agents to identify and rescue victims of human trafficking. 
Last week, I introduced my first bill, 
H.R. 460, the Human Trafficking Detec-tion Act of 2015. This bipartisan legis-lation works to effectively train and inform the Department of Homeland Security personnel to better detect and intercept human traffickers and their victims. 
We took an oath a few weeks ago 
promising to protect the people of this great country. I am convinced that part of this high calling is to protect those who are victims of human traf-ficking. Our President even says that the fight against human trafficking is one of the greatest human rights causes of our time, and the United States will continue to lead it. Well, now is the time to lead. 
This bill will provide the very nec-
essary training skills in identifying victims of human trafficking as they enter and move about across this coun-try. It is not a final step, but an impor-tant one that can immediately save these precious individuals from years of abuse. Let us do so with boldness, courage, and an unflinching dedication to those who need us the most. 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank Congressman 
W
ALKER for his leadership, and con-
gratulations on your first piece of leg-islation—it is so very important—that you will be bringing forward tomorrow. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure 
for me to cosponsor with the gentle-woman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM) this Special Order on human 
trafficking. I look forward tomorrow to a number of bills that are going to pass in this United States House of Rep-resentatives. I look forward to speak-ing tomorrow on the SAVE Act that will go after advertisers of this hideous and heinous crime. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to 
yield back the remainder of my time so the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM) may speak. She has been a 
friend and a partner on the issue of human trafficking since her time in Congress. She has been a real partner to me as we moved this legislation for-ward. We were able to move, as I said, five pieces of legislation last Congress and will be moving 12 tomorrow with her leadership and support on this very, very important issue. She has a wonderful piece of legislation, H.R. 350, the Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015. I am a proud cosponsor and look for-
ward to its passage tomorrow. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
condemn the horrific tragedy of human traf-ficking. Globally, there are 20.9 million people who have been trafficked. Not one U.S. State has been spared—sadly men, women and children in every state have been victimized. This is not just a global problem, it is an American problem and it is right here in our own backyards. 
I witnessed this problem first hand while 
working in Washington State for the King County Sheriffs Office. All too often, I spoke to young girls on the street one day, urging them to get off the streets, and the next they had disappeared. This was allowed to happen for far too long, because for many of us, these girls and even many boys are invisible. We do not want to see the problem and so we too often choose to look the other way and pre-tend it isn’t real—not in our communities. 
We have to make the problem—and the so-
lutions—visible. Last year, I introduced and passed legislation which became law that helped—will help—prevent the sex trafficking of youth in foster care. The children in federal and state care are often the most vulnerable to becoming trafficking victims. According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited children, as many as 6 in 10 of the young women forced into selling their bodies on the streets are current or former foster children. I was honored to have been able to lead the ef-forts to change that reality last Congress. I stand today to join my colleagues in con-tinuing to raise awareness and pledge my commitment to keeping up the fight on behalf of our children and working to enact additional legislation to end human trafficking. 
This week, we will vote on legislation spon-
sored by Congresswomen W
AGNER , ELLMERS  
and N OEM, Congressman P AULSEN , JOHNSON  
and P OEand many others which will go a long 
ways towards preventing the trafficking of countless men, women, boys and girls. This is a fight we must all be in together. We must all join with our colleagues, with law enforcement, and with those who are dedicated to ending human trafficking across the globe to say ‘‘no more’’. 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM) will control 
the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, human 
trafficking is a real problem, and it is happening right here in America. It is not just happening overseas. And whether you live in a State like mine of South Dakota or in New York City, it is impacting every single State in our country, right in our backyards. 
The first step to recovery is admit-
ting you have a problem, and boy, do we have a problem. I am thrilled that we have so many Members here to speak on this important issue, not only the problems we are having, but what we are doing this week to address those here in this country, to give as many tools to our law enforcement officers to 
make sure that we address the prob-lems we are seeing on our streets every single day and protect as many chil-dren and victims as possible. 
I would like to yield now to the gen-
tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). He 
has been extremely active in the fight to end human trafficking through leg-islation on Capitol Hill as well as through community engagement at his home in Florida. In his district, Con-gressman Y
OHO has brought together 
representatives from Homeland Secu-rity, from local police and sheriff’s of-fices, and State’s attorneys for round-table summits to raise awareness and develop best practices for ending human trafficking in Florida. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
distinguished colleague from the great State of South Dakota. 
I rise in solidarity with the growing 
coalition that is united in the global fight against human trafficking. The numbers are overwhelming. We have all heard the estimates of over 22 mil-lion people being trafficked worldwide; sometimes, though, they seem far away. People often say: That kind of stuff doesn’t happen here. It happens overseas. It doesn’t happen right here. 
No, Mr. Speaker, this is happening in 
our own backyards. There is an esti-mate of over 1 million teenagers run-ning away every year in the United States. Runaways are most at risk and vulnerable to trafficking. In fact, run-aways are typically picked up and pimped out or trafficked within the first 48 hours. 
Just 5 days ago in my home State of 
Florida, a 15-year-old girl was discov-ered by police in a motel being sexu-ally abused and trafficked several times a day. Her parents had been handing out missing child flyers in the neighborhood. Luckily, someone recog-nized her picture from an online ad and contacted authorities. That young girl went from being a runaway to a traf-ficking victim in less than a month. 
That precious 15-year-old child could 
have been anybody’s child. It could have been yours or mine. However, it is not just runaways that become victims of trafficking. Traffickers don’t dis-criminate based on economic class, race, gender, or age. Traffickers are motivated by profit, solely profit. 
The average cost of a slave worldwide 
is roughly $90. Human trafficking is a $30-plus billion industry, and it is the second largest source of revenue for terrorists around the world. As the world’s fastest growing criminal enter-prise, it is shocking how little people know about this horrendous practice. Furthermore, it is appalling how little is put forward in effort to stop it. 
This week, the House of Representa-
tives will pass a series of bills designed to streamline law enforcement re-sources, toughen penalties for offend-ers, and provide resources to victims. I commend the sponsors of these bills as well as all Members up here today who are willing to stand up and say enough 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.039 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H561 January 26, 2015 
is enough. Human trafficking is not a 
Republican or Democrat issue. Taking a stand against trafficking is some-thing we all must do, remembering that, while January is National Human Trafficking Awareness Month, we must all be vigilant and active in our fight. 
No, Mr. Speaker, your neighborhood 
and my neighborhood are not immune. No city is exempt, and these victims are part of our daily lives, quietly suf-fering with almost nowhere to turn. We cannot in good conscience continue our daily routines without making every effort to stamp out the practice of forced labor, domestic servitude, and sex trafficking. 
I encourage all Americans to go to 
the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Web site and watch the Blue Campaign video to become familiar with the common signs of human traf-ficking. Let’s all work to stomp out this scourge of activity on humanity. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentleman 
for being involved in the issue and working so hard to protect as many victims as possible across the country. 
I now yield to the gentlewoman from 
Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ). Last year, 
Congresswoman H ARTZLER held a 
human trafficking summit in Colum-bia, which was one of her most success-ful events that she did all year. Addi-tionally, she held a foster care listen-ing session with Congresswoman B
ASS 
where they also listened to concerns regarding foster youth and how human trafficking does impact our children who are involved in foster care. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I ap-
preciate Representative N
OEM’s leader-
ship on this and the opportunity to share tonight how horrific this crime is and how we must unite and stand to-gether to put an end to it. 
With almost 21 million victims glob-
ally and more than 293,000 American youth at risk of sexual commercial ex-ploitation and trafficking each year, this heinous crime must be stopped. This week, I am proud to work with my colleagues to vote on legislation that will take steps to do just that. 
Tonight I would like to share the 
story of an amazing woman in my dis-trict that I had the privilege of meet-ing last year. Misty, a survivor of human trafficking, was first trafficked at the age of 14, and it would be 16 more years before she would finally es-cape a world in which she was brutally beaten and tortured regularly to keep her submissive. When she was severely injured 5 years ago, she thought she was going to die and was too tired to go on anymore. It was then that she agreed to go with a kind police officer who found her that day to get some help. 
There aren’t words to adequately de-
scribe the strength and courage of this woman who testified against her traf-ficker; who, thankfully, because of Misty’s testimony this fall, was found guilty of all charges. Despite the hor-rific conditions Misty had to endure, she willingly shares her story with oth-ers and says her experience motivates 
her to help others who have been in similar situations. It is women like Misty who inspire me to fight against this scourge in our society. It is a crime against humanity, and it must be stopped. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentle-
woman for being involved in the issue and for telling the stories that so many of us need to hear. It is when you hear these stories that truly your heart is impacted to where you can’t let it go, where you start to work day in and day out to do all that you can to make sure that we have the tools necessary to stop this industry. 
I turn next to the gentleman from 
New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), who is a long-
time advocate for human rights and for the alleviation of human suffering. He is the sponsor of International Megan’s Law, which cracks down on the prac-tice of sex tourism. He is also sponsor of the Human Trafficking Prioritization Act, which will make sure that our government gives human trafficking the top priority it deserves in our diplomacy with other countries. 
With that, I yield to the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH). 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. I thank 
Mrs. N OEM for yielding and for the 
leadership that she has demonstrated, along with Congresswoman W
AGNER . 
As Judge P OEsaid, women of our cau-
cus have stood up and are leading the fight to combat human trafficking with a zero tolerance policy. 
This is an historic week in the House 
as we seek to pass 12 bills to fight human trafficking. As the prime au-thor of the landmark Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 as well as reauthorizations of that law in 2003 and 2005, I believe the bills under consider-ation by the House today and tomor-row will further prevent horrific crimes of human trafficking, protect and as-sist victims, and aid the prosecution of those who exploit and abuse. 
A special thanks to our Republican 
leadership, especially Conference Chair C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS and Major-
ity Leader K EVIN MCCARTHY , who have 
made this a priority for the House. Hopefully, it will be extended to the Senate, and the President will follow that lead. 
When I first introduced TVPA, Traf-
ficking Victims Protection Act, in 1998, the legislation was met with a wall of skepticism and opposition. People both inside of government and out thought the bold new legislation that included sheltering, asylum, and other protec-tions for the victims, long jail sen-tences and asset confiscation for the traffickers, and tough sanctions for governments that failed to meet min-imum standards was merely a solution in search of a problem. 
b1815 
Mr. Speaker, for most people at the 
time, the term ‘‘trafficking’’ applied almost exclusively to illicit drugs or weapons. Reports of vulnerable per-sons, especially women and children, 
being reduced to commodities for sale were often met with surprise and cre-dulity or indifference. It took 2 years and numerous congressional hearings to overcome opponents and muster the votes for passage. 
Now, according to the ILO, approxi-
mately 21 million people are victim-ized. Some put the number as high as 36 million subjected to modern-day slavery. The ILO also says that traf-fickers make profits in excess of $150 billion a year. 
We do have a tier system. We have a 
trafficking office, an Ambassador at Large; we have a robust effort on the State level. Many States have passed laws that mirror what we have done on the Federal level, so that there are more tools in the tool box to put these traffickers behind bars and to liberate the women and children. 
For the past 15 years, we have seen 
progress on a number of anti-traf-ficking fronts, including laws, over 300 laws around the world to combat traf-ficking; and an estimated 125,000 vic-tims have been rescued worldwide. 
We also, over the past decade, have 
had federally funded some 42 anti- human trafficking task forces and 85,000 law enforcement officers have been trained; still, there are still far too little prosecutions and far too few liberations of those who have been traf-ficked. 
The best estimates available now are 
that there are at least 100,000 American children, mostly runaways. The aver-age age of initial enslavement is 13 years old. Let me say that again: 13- year-old girls are exploited in the com-mercial sex industry each year. 
These children, when found, are often 
unnecessarily charged for prostitution, fined or put in juvenile detention, when there are other options available. They need to be protected, not prosecuted. 
Again, I want to thank our leader-
ship for making this such a high pri-ority. This is modern-day slavery. I thank my good friend and colleague for her leadership. We have got to end modern-day slavery. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentleman 
for his continued leadership on this issue. For years, he has invested time and effort and heart and soul into pro-tecting as many victims as possible, and for that, we will always be grate-ful. 
I want to yield to the good Rep-
resentative from Minnesota (Mr. P
AUL-
SEN). Representative P AULSEN has been 
a longtime defender of the victims of human trafficking. In fact, in 2006, when he was a member of the Min-nesota Legislature, he was the author of legislation that would form the first statewide human trafficking task force. 
That task force was the first step to-
ward Minnesota’s safe harbor law. The legislation that he will have here on the floor this week is modeled after that on a Federal level, and I certainly appreciate his time and investment in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.040 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H562 January 26, 2015 
protecting as many children and vic-
tims as possible. 
I yield to Representative P AULSEN . 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlelady for yielding, and I want to thank her for her leadership, along with Representative W
AGNER , in co-
ordinating and drawing attention to what this horrific crime truly is, spending a little bit of time on the House floor. 
When you hear the words ‘‘sex traf-
ficking’’ and ‘‘human trafficking,’’ a lot of people just think this is some-thing that happens in faraway coun-tries, that it doesn’t happen in the United States. It is very sad to say that it is happening right here in our own backyards, knowing that these traffickers are exploiting young girls for their own financial gain, right in our own communities. 
We are talking about 12-, 13-, and 14- 
year-old young girls. It is pretty hard to imagine, but it is true. It is hap-pening in our cities. It is happening in our suburbs. It is happening in rural towns. I will say I realize how critical it is now to educate our community about what I have learned from actu-ally speaking and talking with some of these victims. 
I remember speaking with Deyanna. 
Deyanna is age 13. She tells the story about how, within days of meeting this so-called boyfriend, she finds herself in Philadelphia, in Chicago, being traf-ficked and has the wherewithal to es-cape with her life. 
Then I meet the mother of another 
young girl who was violently raped and murdered this last February. The only good news I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, is that the Twin Cities, which is home now to Minneapolis, being number 13 in the level of sex trafficking, human trafficking that occurs, is also home to many leaders now in the fight against human trafficking. 
Over the last 2 years, I have met with 
great leaders that are inspiring the community to make a difference and pass model legislation that is now being replicated across the country. 
I think of Vednita Carter at Breaking 
Free. I think of Grant Snyder who is a Minneapolis police sergeant who was the very first officer in Minneapolis that was dedicated to working with trafficking victims; and now, he leads his department in teaching local law enforcement, both in Minnesota and in other States around the country, about how to build trust and better relation-ships with at-risk youth. 
We have also got our county attor-
neys like John Choi, who has been leading the fight, getting top convic-tions now for a lot of these abusers. 
The nonprofit community has been 
topnotch as well, with Catholic Char-ities, Brittany’s Place, the Harriet Tubman Center, and the Family Part-nership all making a difference. 
It does give you hope, Mr. Speaker, 
that such a large and passionate group of people now are working together to put an end to this modern-day slavery, so the message is spreading. I will tell you this: we need more safe 
harbor laws. We need them. Minnesota became the fifth State in the country to approve safe harbor legislation. That means we are essentially treating these children as victims, giving them the services they need and not treating them as criminals. That is really crit-ical. 
After the safe harbor legislation went 
into effect in Minnesota, guess what? We started arresting more johns than ever before. Trafficking convictions more than doubled. It is time that we bring what is working in Minnesota to the national level as well. 
I know tomorrow we are going to be 
voting on this legislation to have this safe harbor legislation that I have au-thored pass with bipartisan support. A number of other legislation will pass with bipartisan support. 
The good news, as the gentlewoman 
knows, is this is about saving lives, and we are going to make a difference. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for his work on establishing safe harbor laws. Truly, what they do is that they make sure the victims are not prosecuted, that they are treated like the victims that they truly are. 
It is so important that we get his bill 
passed tomorrow, along with my bill and the other bills that will be coming to the floor. A lot of time and effort has been put into these to make sure that they are right, that they give the tools to our law enforcement officers to 
make sure that this industry is ended as soon as possible. 
I now would like to turn to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota, Representa-tive E
MMER . He is from Minnesota’s 
Sixth Congressional District and is a member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions; and the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere. 
As part of his responsibility through 
his committee work, Mr. E
MMER works 
closely with the committee to oversee Federal agencies, international organi-zations, and NGOs to discuss and to im-prove governmental responses to human trafficking. 
With that, I yield to the Representa-
tive from Minnesota. 
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank my colleagues, Congresswoman K
RISTI NOEM and Congresswoman A NN 
WAGNER , for their leadership here to-
night. 
Nearly a year ago, Boko Haram ter-
rorists in Nigeria kidnapped more than 200 teenage girls with the intent of sell-ing them off into slavery. This crime against humanity sparked inter-national outrage, but a distracted world soon turned their attention and their backs on these young women. 
Unfortunately, this was not an iso-
lated tragedy in some faraway nation. We are in the midst of a global crisis. On every continent and in every na-tion, millions of human beings are sold and enslaved, forced into labor and prostitution against their will. In the United States alone, hundreds 
of thousands are trafficked by transnational drug cartels and crimi-nal organizations. The Justice Depart-ment estimates there are more than 200,000 children across the U.S. at risk of trafficking. 
Human trafficking is a $30 billion per 
year enterprise, with thousands traf-ficked annually. This is not just an American problem, but there is work that we can do at home to combat this growing problem. 
Congress must do everything within 
its power and authority to ensure that resources and judicial tools are being used to improve prosecutions, protect victims, and prevent future trafficking. Thankfully, we are not starting with nothing. 
One way we can combat trafficking is 
through safe harbor laws that have been instituted across the country, in-cluding my home State of Minnesota. I would like to thank my colleague, Sen-ator A
MYKLOBUCHAR , for her leader-
ship on protecting victims and assist-ing prosecutors by forwarding safe har-bor laws at the national level. 
Her leadership, with the support of 
countless others—including especially my colleagues J
OHN KLINE and E RIC 
PAULSEN —comes from an ongoing ef-
fort from everyday Minnesotans look-ing to make an impact and rescue young men and women trapped in the sex trade. 
There is also an existing network of 
organizations that provide services to victims of trafficking that are both life altering and lifesaving. 
In my district, three such organiza-
tions stand out. Breaking Free and Heartland Girls’ Ranch help women es-cape sexual exploitation through hous-ing, mental health support, and edu-cation. The Link, in Carver County, provides support programs to youth and families to combat homelessness 
and works with at-risk children to help them reach their full potential. 
Organizations like these are vital in 
the fight against trafficking. They make a real difference, and their ef-forts should be celebrated. 
Congress will take important votes 
tomorrow to streamline agency proc-esses and responses, improve the effec-tiveness of grant awards, and expand the scope of outreach and child protec-tion initiatives. 
To our collective shame, the tragedy 
of human trafficking persists. The words spoken tonight and the votes cast in this Chamber tomorrow cannot merely be symbolic gestures. They must be followed by action and con-stant vigilance. Our children deserve nothing less. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for his words and for his ac-tions and the actions that we will be taking here on the House floor this week. 
I turn now to the gentlewoman from 
Virginia, Representative C
OMSTOCK . 
She has been a leader in the fight against human trafficking in the Com-monwealth of Virginia and now here on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.041 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H563 January 26, 2015 
the House floor. I yield to the Rep-
resentative from Virginia. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to join my colleagues for this opportunity to recognize this month as National Slavery and Human Traf-ficking Prevention Month, and I thank my colleagues Congresswomen A
NN 
WAGNER and K RISTI NOEM for orga-
nizing this effort. 
I really appreciate how we are work-
ing together to raise awareness about this terrible crime that is happening in my district in northern Virginia and the Shenandoah Valley, throughout Virginia, and throughout—unfortu-nately—our country. This growing criminal enterprise we know knows no boundaries. 
Mr. Speaker, the Fairfax County Po-
lice Department in my district has es-tablished the northern Virginia Human Trafficking Task Force to crack down on this scourge. In the past 12 months alone, just to give you an idea of this crime that is in the local area, the task force has had 156 leads, 109 victim re-coveries, 267 victims identified, and 73 suspects. 
Mr. Speaker, while we have done 
great work to combat this terrible 
crime in Virginia, we clearly have more work to do on every level: the local level, State level, and national level. 
Four years ago, Virginia, for exam-
ple, was at the bottom of the Polaris Project anti-human trafficking State rankings. Now, we are at the top be-cause we passed many of the kind of bills that we are going to be able to pass here tomorrow and additional bills that are going to be here tomorrow. 
I am very honored to be able to join 
all of my colleagues and with our faith- based organizations and our law en-forcement officials and to be able to continue this work now on a national level and to be able to vote for these important bills that we will be address-ing tomorrow. 
Mrs. NOEM. I thank the gentle-
woman for her remarks. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 351, LNG PERMITTING CER-TAINTY AND TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–5) on the resolution (H. Res. 48) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expe-dited approval of exportation of nat-ural gas, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS A 
TRAGEDY 
(Mrs. BLACKBURN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am so pleased to come to the floor at the end of the Special Order hour that Mrs. N
OEMand Mrs. W AGNER have orga-
nized to join my colleagues in talking about the bills that are before us. 
Human trafficking is an issue that 
affects every single county and com-munity across this country—every sin-gle one. In my State of Tennessee and in the greater Nashville area, we have a wonderful organization, End Slavery Tennessee, that is doing great work to reach out, to minister, and to help. 
I am so pleased that this week we are 
going to take the time to bring to the floor legislation that will be of help in training our medical personnel, that will also empower and encourage our law enforcement organizations and our faith-based and not-for-profit organiza-tions. 
This is a tragedy, modern-day slav-
ery, that is taking place, the sex traf-ficking and the human trafficking, and I am so pleased that Congress is stand-ing together to do something about it. 
f 
b1830 
STRENGTHENING CHILD WELFARE 
RESPONSE TO TRAFFICKING ACT 
(Mr. FRANKS of Arizona asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I am honored today to be able to stand here in support of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act. This is one of many pieces of legislation this week that we are going to be doing in the Congress, and I am so grateful to all of the people who have been involved in this criti-cally important issue. I would espe-cially mention the cochair of the Con-gressional Foster Youth Caucus, K
AREN  
BASS, for introducing this 
groundbreaking legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, Hubert Humphrey said 
a society is measured by how it treats those in the dawn of life, those in the shadows of life, and those in the twi-light of life. This is such a critical issue to protect the 400,000 children in America who find themselves in foster care and vulnerable to being preyed upon by traffickers who know all too well how to exploit a child’s hunger for love, acceptance, and a sense of belong-ing. 
We must put the structures in place 
to treat child victims of trafficking like victims instead of treating them like criminals. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I remind us 
all that our first job here is to protect those who cannot protect themselves. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to able to stand 
here today in support of H.R. 469, the Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act. I commend my colleague Rep-resentative K
AREN BASS, the founder of the 
Co-chair of the Congressional Foster Youth Caucus, for introducing this groundbreaking legislation and for continuing to devote herself tirelessly to making a better future for these abused and neglected children. Hubert Humphrey said a society is meas-
ured by how it treats those in the dawn of life, those in the shadows of life, and those in the twilight of life. Mr. Speaker, this is so applica-ble to our nation’s foster youth. Right now over 400,000 children in America find them-selves in foster care for no fault of their o w n ....  And it is that trauma of abuse or 
neglect, that brought them into foster care in the first place, on top of being in unfamiliar cir-cumstances, that makes them exponentially more vulnerable to be preyed upon by traf-fickers, who know all too well how to exploit a child’s hunger for love, acceptance, and a sense of belonging. 
For too long, and far too often, victims of 
trafficking have been allowed to fall through the cracks in the system. We have not put structures in place to treat child victims of traf-ficking like victims, and not treat them like criminals. 
This legislation will begin to bridge the gaps 
where law enforcement and child protection workers need to be better equipped in order to best protect children known or suspected to be victims of sex trafficking. It also requires the submission of annual reports on the num-ber of child victims of sex trafficking, and the reporting of that data to Congress so that we can better assess how to prevent child sex trafficking, and remove barriers that keep us from truly serving those that have become vic-tims, and most of all, to protect the hundreds of thousands of vulnerable children to keep them from ever having to endure the evil of sex trafficking. 
I am grateful for my colleague Representa-
tive B
ASS’s leadership on this issue, and to 
House Leadership for recognizing the priority that must be placed upon protecting some of our nation’s most vulnerable children. And I pray we will continue to work and stand to-gether for the right of every child to be safe, protected, cherished, and loved. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
(Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, although slavery was abolished 150 years ago, today, modern slavery still exists in the form of human trafficking. 
Human trafficking involves the use 
of force, fraud, or coercion to control other people for the purpose of forced labor or sexual exploitation. According to the FBI, sex trafficking is the fast-est-growing business of organized crime in the world. 
Approximately 20.9 million victims of 
human trafficking exist in our world today, and hundreds of thousands of those victims are here in the United States. 
California is not excluded from this 
criminal activity. In fact, within my congressional district in Orange Coun-ty, there have been over 350 cases of human trafficking since 2004. 
Victims are lured and manipulated 
by false promises of lucrative jobs, a loving relationship, or new opportuni-ties and are usually between the ages of 12 to 14 when they first become vic-tims of sex trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.042 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H564 January 26, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, if there is one thing we 
can all agree on, it is this: we must put an end to human trafficking and bring those responsible to justice. 
Through bipartisan efforts, we can 
work to stop human trafficking both in our communities at home and abroad. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. H ECKof Nevada (at the request of 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today and the bal-
ance of the week on account of manda-tory military duty. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE FOR  
THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, January 23, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : I am pleased to submit 
for printing in the Congressional Record, pursuant to Rule XI, clause 2(a) of the Rules of the House, a copy of the Rules of the Com-mittee on Agriculture, which were adopted at the organizational meeting of the Com-mittee on January 22, 2015. 
Appendix A of the Committee Rules will 
include excerpts from the Rules of the House relevant to the operation of the Committee. Appendix B will include relevant excerpts from the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. In the interests of minimizing printing costs, Appendices A and B are omitted from this submission. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
Enclosure. 
(As adopted January 22, 2015) 
RULE I .—GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) Applicability of House Rules.—(1) The 
Rules of the House shall govern the proce-dure of the Committee and its subcommit-tees, and the Rules of the Committee on Ag-riculture so far as applicable shall be inter-preted in accordance with the Rules of the House, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolu-tion, if printed copies are available, are non- debatable privileged motions in the Com-mittee and its subcommittees. (See Appendix A for the applicable Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives.) 
(2) As provided in clause 1(a)(2) of House 
Rule XI, each Subcommittee is part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and its Rules so far as applicable. (See also Committee Rules III, W, V, VI, VII, VIII and XI, infra.) 
(b) Authority to Conduct Investigations.— 
The Committee and its subcommittees, after consultation with the Chairman of the Com-mittee, may conduct such investigations and studies as they may consider necessary or appropriate in the exercise of their respon-sibilities under Rule X of the Rules of the House and in accordance with clause 2(m) of House Rule XI. 
(c) Authority to Print.—The Committee is 
authorized by the Rules of the House to have printed and bound testimony and other data presented at hearings held by the Committee and its subcommittees. All costs of steno-graphic services and transcripts in connec-
tion with any meeting or hearing of the Committee and its subcommittees shall be paid from applicable accounts of the House described in clause 1(i)(1) of House Rule X in accordance with clause 1(c) of House Rule XI. (See also paragraphs (d), (e) and (f) of Com-mittee Rule IX.) 
(d) Vice Chairman.—The Member of the 
majority party on the Committee or Sub-committee designated by the Chairman of the full Committee shall be the vice chair-man of the Committee or Subcommittee in accordance with clause 2(d) of House Rule XI. 
(e) Presiding Member.—If the Chairman of 
the Committee or Subcommittee is not present at any Committee or Subcommittee meeting or hearing, the vice chairman shall preside. If the Chairman and vice chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee are not present at a Committee or Subcommittee meeting or hearing the ranking Member of the majority party who is present shall pre-side in accordance with clause 2(d), House Rule XI. 
(f) Publication of Rules.—The Committees 
Rules shall be publicly available in elec-tronic form and published in the Congres-sional Record not later than 30 days after the Chair is elected in each odd-numbered year as provided in clause 2(a) of House Rule XI. 
(g) Joint Committee Reports of Investiga-
tion or Study.—A report of an investigation or study conducted jointly by more than one committee may be filed jointly, provided that each of the committees complies inde-pendently with all requirements for approval and filing of the report. 
RULE II .—COMMITTEE BUSINESS MEETINGS — 
REGULAR , ADDITIONAL AND SPECIAL  
(a) Regular Meetings.—Regular meetings 
of the Committee, in accordance with clause 2(b) of House Rule XI, shall be held on the first Wednesday of every month to transact its business if notice is given pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of House Rule XI. The Chair-man shall provide each Member of the Com-mittee, as far in advance of the day of the regular meeting as practicable, a written agenda of such meeting. Items may be placed on the agenda by the Chairman or a majority of the Committee. (See paragraph (f) of Com-mittee Rule XI for provisions that apply to meetings of subcommittees.) 
(b) Additional Meetings.—(1) The Chair-
man may call and convene, as he or she con-siders necessary, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee or after concurrence with the Rank-ing Minority Member, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Com-mittee or for the conduct of other Com-mittee business. The Committee shall meet for such additional meetings pursuant to the notice from the Chairman. 
(2) A hearing or meeting may begin sooner 
than specified in clause (1) (in which case the chair shall make the announcement specified at the earliest possible time) if the Com-mittee so determines by majority vote in the presence of the number of Members required under the Rules of the Committee for the transaction of business. 
(3) At least 24 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of a measure or matter the Chair shall cause the text of such measure or matter to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
(c) Special Meetings.—If at least three 
Members of the Committee desire that a spe-cial meeting of the Committee be called by the Chairman, those Members may file in the offices of the Committee their written re-quest to the Chairman for such special meet-
ing. Such request shall specify the measure or matters to be considered Immediately upon the filing of the request, the Majority Staff Director (serving as the clerk of the Committee for such purpose) shall notify the Chairman of the filing of the request. If, within 3 calendar days after the filing of the request, the Chairman does not call the re-quested special meeting to be held within 7 calendar days after the filing of the request, a majority of the Members of the Committee may file in the offices of the Committee their written notice that a special meeting of the Committee will be held, specifying the date and hour thereof, and the measures or matter to be considered at that special meet-ing in accordance with clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI. The Committee shall meet on that date and hour. Immediately upon the filing of the notice, the Majority Staff Director (serving as the clerk) of the Committee shall notify all Members of the Committee that such meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour and the measure or matter to be considered, and only the measure or matter specified in that notice may be con-sidered at that special meeting. 
RULE III .—OPEN MEETINGS AND HEARINGS ; 
BROADCASTING  
(a) Open Meetings and Hearings.—Each 
meeting for the transaction of business, in-cluding the markup of legislation, and each hearing by the Committee or a Sub-committee shall be open to the public unless closed in accordance with clause 2(g) of House Rule XI. (See Appendix A.) 
(b) Broadcasting and Photography.—When-
ever a Committee or Subcommittee meeting for the transaction of business, including the markup of legislation, or a hearing is open to the public, that meeting or hearing shall: 
(1) To the maximum extent practicable the 
Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that al-lows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the re-cordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. 
(2) Be open to coverage by television, 
radio, and still photography in accordance with clause 4 of House Rule XI (See Appendix A). When such radio coverage is conducted in the Committee or Subcommittee, written notice to that effect shall be placed on the desk of each Member. The Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee, shall not limit the number of television or still cameras permitted in a hearing or meeting room to fewer than two representatives from each medium (except for legitimate space or safe-ty considerations, in which case pool cov-erage shall be authorized). 
(c) Closed Meetings—Attendees.—No per-
son other than Members of the Committee or Subcommittee and such congressional staff and departmental representatives as the Committee or Subcommittee may authorize shall be present at any business or markup session that has been closed to the public as provided in clause 2(g)(1) of House Rule XI. 
(d) Addressing the Committee.—A Com-
mittee Member may address the Committee or a Subcommittee on any bill, motion, or other matter under consideration (See Com-mittee Rule VIII(e) relating to questioning a witness at a hearing). The time a Member may address the Committee or Sub-committee for any such purpose shall be lim-ited to 5 minutes, except that this time limit may be waived by unanimous consent. A Member shall also be limited in his or her re-marks to the subject matter under consider-ation, unless the Member receives unani-mous consent to extend his or her remarks beyond such subject. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA7.044 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H565 January 26, 2015 
(e) Meetings to Begin Promptly.—Subject 
to the presence of a quorum, each meeting or hearing of the Committee and its sub-committees shall begin promptly at the time so stipulated in the public announcement of the meeting or hearing. 
(f) Prohibition on Proxy Voting.—No vote 
by any Member of the Committee or Sub-committee with respect to any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
(g) Location of Persons at Meetings.—No 
person other than the Committee or Sub-committee Members and Committee or Sub-committee staff may be seated in the ros-trum area during a meeting of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee unless by unani-mous consent of Committee or Sub-committee. 
(h) Consideration of Amendments and Mo-
tions.—A Member, upon request, shall be rec-ognized by the Chairman to address the Com-mittee or Subcommittee at a meeting for a period limited to 5 minutes on behalf of an amendment or motion offered by the Mem-ber or another Member, or upon any other matter under consideration, unless the Mem-ber receives unanimous consent to extend the time limit. Every amendment or motion made in Committee or Subcommittee shall, upon the demand of any Member present, be reduced to writing, and a copy thereof shall be made available to all Members present. Such amendment or motion shall not be pending before the Committee or Sub-committee or voted on until the require-ments of this paragraph have been met. 
(i) Demanding Record Vote.— (1) A record vote of the Committee or Sub-
committee on a question or action shall be ordered on a demand by one-fifth of the Members present. 
(2) The Chairman of the Committee or Sub-
committee may postpone further pro-ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment. If the Chair-man postpones further proceedings: 
(A) the Chairman may resume such post-
poned proceedings, after giving Members adequate notice, at a time chosen in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber; and 
(B) notwithstanding any intervening order 
for the previous question, the underlying proposition on which proceedings were post-poned shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
(j) Submission of Motions or Amendments 
In Advance of Business Meetings.—The Com-mittee and Subcommittee Chairman may re-quest and Committee and Subcommittee Members should, insofar as practicable, co-operate in providing copies of proposed amendments or motions to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or the Subcommittee twenty- four hours before a Committee or Sub-committee business meeting. 
(k) Points of Order.—No point of order 
against the hearing or meeting procedures of the Committee or Subcommittee shall be en-tertained unless it is made in a timely fash-ion. 
(l) Limitation on Committee Sittings.— 
The Committee or subcommittees may not sit during a joint session of the House and Senate or during a recess when a joint meet-ing of the House and Senate is in progress. 
(m) Prohibition of Wireless Telephones.— 
Use of wireless phones during a Committee or Subcommittee hearing or meeting is pro-hibited. 
RULE IV .—QUORUMS . 
(a) Working Quorum.—One-third of the 
Members of the Committee or a Sub-committee shall constitute a quorum for taking any action, other than as noted in 
paragraphs (b) and (c). 
(b) Majority Quorum.—A majority of the 
Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for: 
(1) the reporting of a bill, resolution or 
other measure (See clause 2(h)(1) of House Rules XI, and Committee Rule IX); 
(2) the closing of a meeting or hearing to 
the public pursuant to clauses 2(g), 2(k)(5) and 2(k)(7) of the Rule XI of the Rules of the House; 
(3) the authorizing of a subpoena as pro-
vided in clause 2(m)(3), of House Rule XI (See also Committee Rule VII.); and 
(4) as where required by a Rule of the 
House. 
(c) Quorum for Taking Testimony.—Two 
Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
RULE V .—RECORDS . 
(a) Maintenance of Records.—The Com-
mittee shall keep a complete record of all Committee and Subcommittee action which shall include: 
(1) in the case of any meeting or hearing 
transcripts, a substantially verbatim ac-count of remarks actually made during the proceedings, subject only to technical, gram-matical and typographical corrections au-thorized by the person making the remarks involved, and 
(2) written minutes shall include a record 
of all Committee and Subcommittee action and a record of all votes on any question and a tally on all record votes. 
The result of each such record vote shall be 
made available by the Committee for inspec-tion by the public at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee and by telephone request and also made publicly available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote. Not later than 24 hours after adoption of an amendment to a measure or matter, the chair of the Committee shall cause the text of such amendment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in elec-tronic form. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of the amendment, motion, order or other proposition and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or propo-sition, and the names of those Members present but not voting. 
(b) Access to and Correction of Records.— 
Any public witness, or person authorized by such witness, during Committee office hours in the Committee offices and within 10 cal-endar days of the close of hearings, may ob-tain a transcript copy of that public witness’s testimony and make such tech-nical, grammatical and typographical cor-rections as authorized by the person making the remarks involved as will not alter the nature of testimony given. There shall be prompt return of such corrected copy of the transcript to the Committee. Members of the Committee or Subcommittee shall receive copies of transcripts for their prompt review and correction and prompt return to the Committee. The Committee or Sub-committee may order the printing of a hear-ing record without the corrections of any Member or witness if it determines that such Member or witness has been afforded a rea-sonable time in which to make such correc-tions and further delay would seriously im-pede the consideration of the legislative ac-tion that is subject of the hearing. The record of a hearing shall be closed 10 cal-endar days after the last oral testimony, un-less the Committee or Subcommittee deter-mines otherwise. Any person requesting to file a statement for the record of a hearing must so request before the hearing concludes and must file the statement before the 
record is closed unless the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise. The Committee or Subcommittee may reject any statement in light of its length or its tend-
ency to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. 
(c) Property of the House.—All Committee 
and Subcommittee records (including hear-ings data, charts, and files) shall be kept sep-arate and distinct from the congressional of-fice records of the Members serving as Chair-man and such records shall be the property of the House and all Members of the House shall have access thereto. The Majority Staff Director shall promptly notify the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of any re-quest for access to such records. 
(d) Availability of Archived Records.—The 
records of the Committee at the National Ar-chives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with House Rule VII. The Chairman shall no-tify the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee of the need for a Committee order pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of such House Rule, to withhold a record oth-erwise available. 
(e) Special Rules for Certain Records and 
Proceedings.—A stenographic record of a business meeting of the Committee or Sub-committee may be kept and thereafter may be published if the Chairman of the Com-mittee, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, determines there is need for such a record. The proceedings of the Committee or Subcommittee in a closed meeting, evidence or testimony in such meeting, shall not be divulged unless other-wise determined by a majority of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee. 
(f) Electronic Availability of Committee 
Publications.—To the maximum extent fea-sible, the Committee shall make its publica-tions available in electronic form. 
RULE VI .—POWER TO SIT AND ACT . 
For the purpose of carrying out any of its 
function and duties under House Rules X and XI, the Committee and each of its sub-committees is authorized to sit and act at such times and places within the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned and to hold such hearings. 
RULE VII .—SUBPOENAS AND OATHS . 
(a) Issuance of Subpoenas.—In accordance 
with clause House Rule XI, clause 2(m), a subpoena may be authorized and issued by a majority of the Committee or by the Chair-man in consultation with the Ranking Mi-nority Member. Such consultation shall occur at least 48 hours in advance of a sub-poena being issued under such authority. Au-thorized subpoenas shall be signed by the Chairman of the Committee or by any Mem-ber designated by the Committee. 
(b) Oaths.—The Chairman of the Com-
mittee, or any member of the Committee designated by the Chairman, may administer oaths to any witnesses. 
RULE VIII .—HEARING PROCEDURES . 
(a) Power to Hear.—For the purpose of car-
rying out any of its functions and duties under House Rule X and XI, the Committee and its subcommittees are authorized to sit and hold hearings at any time or place with-in the United States whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned. (See Committee Rule VI and paragraph (f) of Committee Rule XI for provisions relating to Subcommittee hearings and meetings.) 
(b) Announcement.—The Chairman of the 
Committee shall after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee, make a public announcement of the date, place and subject matter of any Com-mittee hearing at least 1 week before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.033 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H566 January 26, 2015 
commencement of the hearing. The Chair-
man of a Subcommittee shall schedule a hearing only after consultation with the Chairman of the Committee and after con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber of the Subcommittee, and the Chairmen of the other subcommittees after such con-sultation with the Committee Chairman, and shall request the Majority Staff Director to make a public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of such hearing at least 1 week before the hearing. If the Chair-man of the Committee or the Subcommittee, with concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or Subcommittee, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee or Sub-committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee, as appropriate, shall request the Majority Staff Director to make such public announcement at the earliest possible date. The clerk of the Committee shall promptly notify the Daily Digest Clerk of the Congressional Record, and shall prompt-ly enter the appropriate information into the 
Committee scheduling service of the House Information Systems as soon as possible after such public announcement is made. 
(c) Scheduling of Witnesses.—Except as 
otherwise provided in this rule, the sched-uling of witnesses and determination of the time allowed for the presentation of testi-mony at hearings shall be at the discretion of the Chairman of the Committee or Sub-committee, unless a majority of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee determines other-wise. 
(d) Written Statement; Oral Testimony.— 
(1) Each witness who is to appear before the Committee or a Subcommittee, shall insofar as practicable file with the Majority Staff Director of the Committee, at least 2 work-ing days before the day of his or her appear-ance, a written statement of proposed testi-mony. Witnesses shall provide sufficient cop-ies of their statement for distribution to Committee or Subcommittee Members, staff, and the news media. Insofar as practicable, the Committee or Subcommittee staff shall distribute such written statements to all Members of the Committee or Subcommittee as soon as they are received as well as any official reports from departments and agen-cies on such subject matter. All witnesses may be limited in their oral presentations to brief summaries of their statements within the time allotted to them, at the discretion of the Chairman of the Committee or Sub-committee, in light of the nature of the tes-timony and the length of time available. 
(2) As noted in paragraph (b) of Committee 
Rule VII, the Chairman of the Committee or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. 
(3) To the greatest extent practicable, each 
witness appearing in a non-governmental ca-pacity shall include with the written state-ment of proposed testimony: 
(i) a curriculum vitae; (ii) disclosure of the amount and source (by 
agency and program) of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or sub-contract thereof) received during the current calendar year or either of the 2 preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness; and 
(iii) the amount and country of origin of 
any payment or contract related to the sub-ject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. 
Such statements, with appropriate 
redactions to protect the privacy of wit-nesses, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than 1 day after the witness appears. 
(e) Questioning of Witnesses.—Committee 
or Subcommittee Members may question witnesses only when they have been recog-
nized by the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee for that purpose. Each Mem-ber so recognized shall be limited to ques-tioning a witness for 5 minutes until such time as each Member of the Committee or Subcommittee who so desires has had an op-portunity to question the witness for 5 min-utes; and thereafter the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee may limit the time of a further round of questioning after giving due consideration to the importance of the subject matter and the length of time 
available. All questions put to witnesses shall be germane to the measure or matter under consideration. Unless a majority of the Committee or Subcommittee determines otherwise, no Committee or Subcommittee staff shall interrogate witnesses. 
(f) Extended Questioning for Designated 
Members.—Notwithstanding paragraph (e), the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member may designate an equal number of Members from each party to question a witness for a period not longer than 60 minutes. 
(g) Witnesses for the Minority.—When any 
hearing is conducted by the Committee or any Subcommittee upon any measure or matter, the minority party Members on the Committee or Subcommittee shall be enti-tled, upon request to the Chairman by a ma-jority of those minority Members before the completion of such hearing, to call witnesses selected by the minority to testify with re-spect to that measure or matter during at least 1 day of hearing thereon as provided in clause 2(j)(1) of House Rule XI. 
(h) Summary of Subject Matter.—Upon an-
nouncement of a hearing, to the extent prac-ticable, the Committee shall make available immediately to all Members of the Com-mittee a concise summary of the subject matter (including legislative reports and other material) under consideration. In addi-tion, upon announcement of a hearing and subsequently as they are received, the Chair-man of the Committee or Subcommittee shall, to the extent practicable, make avail-able to the Members of the Committee any official reports from departments and agen-cies on such matter. (See Committee Rule XI(f).) 
(i) Open Hearings.—Each hearing con-
ducted by the Committee or Subcommittee shall be open to the public, including radio, television and still photography coverage, except as provided in clause 4 of House Rule XI (see also Committee Rule III(b).). In any event, no Member of the House may be ex-cluded from nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing unless the House by majority vote shall authorize the Committee or Sub-committee, for purposes of a particular se-ries of hearings on a particular bill or resolu-tion or on a particular subject of investiga-tion, to close its hearings to Members by means of the above procedure. 
(j) Hearings and Reports.—(1)(i) The Chair-
man of the Committee or Subcommittee at a hearing shall announce in an opening state-ment the subject of the investigation. A copy of the Committee Rules (and the applicable provisions of clause 2 of House Rule XI, re-garding hearing procedures, an excerpt of which appears in Appendix A thereto) shall be made available to each witness upon re-quest. Witnesses at hearings may be accom-panied by their own counsel for the purpose of advising them concerning their constitu-tional rights. The Chairman of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee may punish breaches of order and decorum, and of profes-sional ethics on the part of counsel, by cen-sure and exclusion from the hearings; but only the full Committee may cite the of-fender to the House for contempt. 
(ii) Whenever it is asserted by a Member of 
the Committee that the evidence or testi-mony at a hearing may tend to defame, de-
grade, or incriminate any person, or it is as-serted by a witness that the evidence or tes-timony that the witness would give at a hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or in-criminate the witness, such testimony or evidence shall be presented in executive ses-sion, notwithstanding the provisions of para-graph (i) of this rule, if by a majority of those present, there being in attendance the requisite number required under the Rules of the Committee to be present for the purpose of taking testimony, the Committee or Sub-committee determines that such evidence or testimony may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. The Committee or Subcommittee shall afford a person an op-portunity voluntarily to appear as a witness; and the Committee or Subcommittee shall receive and shall dispose of requests from such person to subpoena additional wit-nesses. 
(iii) No evidence or testimony taken in ex-
ecutive session may be released or used in public sessions without the consent of the Committee or Subcommittee. In the discre-tion of the Committee or Subcommittee, witnesses may submit brief and pertinent statements in writing for inclusion in the record. The Committee or Subcommittee is the sole judge of the pertinency of testimony and evidence adduced at its hearings. A wit-ness may obtain a transcript copy of his or her testimony given at a public session or, if given at an executive session, when author-ized by the Committee or Subcommittee. (See paragraph (c) of Committee Rule V.) 
(2) A proposed investigative or oversight 
report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the Members of the Com-mittee for at least 24 hours (excluding Satur-days, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day) in ad-vance of their consideration. 
RULE IX .—THE REPORTING OF BILLS AND  
RESOLUTIONS  
(a) Filing of Reports.—The Chairman shall 
report or cause to be reported promptly to the House any bill, resolution, or other measure approved by the Committee and shall take or cause to be taken all necessary steps to bring such bill, resolution, or other measure to a vote. No bill, resolution, or measure shall be reported from the Com-mittee unless a majority of Committee is ac-tually present. A Committee report on any bill, resolution, or other measure approved by the Committee shall be filed within 7 cal-endar days (not counting days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the Majority Staff Director of the Committee a written request, signed by a majority of the Com-mittee, for the reporting of that bill or reso-lution. The Majority Staff Director of the Committee shall notify the Chairman imme-diately when such a request is filed. 
(b) Content of Reports.—Each Committee 
report on any bill or resolution approved by the Committee shall include as separately identified sections: 
(1) a statement of the intent or purpose of 
the bill or resolution; 
(2) a statement describing the need for 
such bill or resolution; 
(3) a statement of Committee and Sub-
committee consideration of the measure in-cluding a summary of amendments and mo-tions offered and the actions taken thereon; 
(4) the results of the each record vote on 
any amendment in the Committee and Sub-committee and on the motion to report the measure or matter, including the names of those Members and the total voting for and the names of those Members and the total voting against such amendment or motion (See clause 3(b) of House Rule XIII); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.034 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H567 January 26, 2015 
(5) the oversight findings and recommenda-
tions of the Committee with respect to the subject matter of the bill or resolution as re-quired pursuant to clause 3(c)(1) of House Rule XIII and clause 2(b)(1) of House Rule X; 
(6) the detailed statement described in 
House Rule XIII clause 3(c)(2) and section 308(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if the bill or resolution provides new budget authority (other than continuing appropria-tions), new spending authority described in section 401(c)(2) of such Act, new credit au-thority, or an increase or decrease in reve-nues or tax expenditures, except that the es-timates with respect to new budget author-ity shall include, when practicable, a com-parison of the total estimated funding level for the relevant program (or programs) to the appropriate levels under current law; 
(7) the estimate of costs and comparison of 
such estimates, if any, prepared by the Di-rector of the Congressional Budget Office in connection with such bill or resolution pur-suant to section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 if submitted in timely fashion to the Committee; 
(8) a statement of general performance 
goals and objectives, including outcome-re-lated goals and objectives, for which the measure authorizes finding; 
(9) an estimate by the Committee of the 
costs that would be incurred in carrying out such bill or joint resolution in the fiscal year in which it is reported and for its authorized duration or for each of the 5 fiscal years fol-lowing the fiscal year of reporting, which-ever period is less (see House Rule XIII, clause 3(d)(2), (3) and (h)(2), (3)), together with—(i) a comparison of these estimates with those made and submitted to the Com-mittee by any Government agency when practicable, and (ii) a comparison of the total estimated funding level for the rel-evant program (or programs) with appro-priate levels under current law (The provi-sions of this clause do not apply if a cost es-timate and comparison prepared by the Di-rector of the Congressional Budget Office under section 403 of the Congressional Budg-
et Act of 1974 has been timely submitted prior to the filing of the report and included in the report); 
(10) a list of congressional earmarks, lim-
ited tax benefits, and limited tariff benefits in the bill or in the report (and the name of any Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-sioner who submitted a request to the Com-mittee for each respective item included in such list) or a statement that the propo-sition contains no congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits; 
(11) the changes in existing law (if any) 
shown in accordance with clause 3 of House Rule XIII; 
(12) the determination required pursuant 
to section 5(b) of Public Law 92–463, if the legislation reported establishes or authorizes the establishment of an advisory committee; 
(13) the information on Federal and inter-
governmental mandates required by section 423(c) and (d) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, as added by the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act of 1995 (P.L. 104–4); 
(14) a statement regarding the applica-
bility of section 102(b)(3) of the Congres-sional Accountability Act, Public Law 104–1; 
(15) a statement indicating whether any 
provision of the measure establishes or reau-thorizes a program of the Federal Govern-ment known to be duplicative of another Federal program. The Statement shall at a minimum explain whether— 
(A) any such program was included in any 
report from the Government Accountability Office to Congress pursuant to section 21 of Public Law 111–139; or 
(B) the most recent catalog of Federal Do-
mestic Assistance, published pursuant to the Federal Program Information Act (Public 
Law 95–220, as amended by Public Law 98– 169), identified other programs related to the program established or reauthorized by the measure; and 
(16) a statement estimating the number of 
directed rule makings required by the meas-ure. 
(c) Supplemental, Minority, Additional, or 
Dissenting Views.—If, at the time of ap-proval of any measure or matter by the Com-mittee, any Member of the Committee gives notice of intention to file supplemental, mi-nority, additional, or dissenting views, all Members shall be entitled to not less than 2 subsequent calendar days (excluding Satur-days, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on such date) in which to file such writing and signed views, with the Majority Staff Director of the Com-mittee. When time guaranteed by this para-graph has expired (or if sooner, when all sep-
arate views have been received), the Com-mittee may arrange to file its report with the Clerk of the House not later than 1 hour after the expiration of such time. All such views (in accordance with House Rule XI, clause 2(1) and House Rule XIII, clause 3(a)(1)), as filed by one or more Members of the Committee, shall be included within and made a part of the report filed by the Com-mittee with respect to that bill or resolu-tion. 
(d) Printing of Reports.—The report of the 
Committee on the measure or matter noted in paragraph (a) above shall be printed in a single volume, which shall: 
(1) include all supplemental, minority, ad-
ditional, or dissenting views that have been submitted by the time of the filing of the re-port; and 
(2) bear on its cover a recital that any such 
supplemental, minority, additional, or dis-senting views (and any material submitted under House Rule XII, clause 3(a)(1)) are in-cluded as part of the report. 
(e) Immediate Printing; Supplemental Re-
ports.— Nothing in this rule shall preclude— 
(1) the immediate filing or printing of a 
Committee report unless timely request for the opportunity to file supplemental, minor-ity, additional, or dissenting views has been made as provided by paragraph (c); or 
(2) the filing by the Committee of any sup-
plemental report on any bill or resolution that may be required for the correction of any technical error in a previous report made by the Committee on that bill or reso-lution. 
(f) Availability of Printed Hearing 
Records.—If hearings have been held on any reported bill or resolution, the Committee shall make every reasonable effort to have the record of such hearings printed and available for distribution to the Members of the House prior to the consideration of such bill or resolution by the House. Each printed hearing of the Committee or any of its sub-committees shall include a record of the at-tendance of the Members. 
(g) Committee Prints.—All Committee or 
Subcommittee prints or other Committee or Subcommittee documents, other than re-ports or prints of bills, that are prepared for 
public distribution shall be approved by the Chairman of the Committee or the Com-mittee prior to public distribution. 
(h) Post Adjournment Filing of Committee 
Reports.—(1) After an adjournment of the last regular session of a Congress sine die, an investigative or oversight report approved by the Committee may be filed with the Clerk at any time, provided that if a Member gives notice at the time of approval of intention to file supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views, that Member shall be enti-tled to not less than 7 calendar days in which to submit such views for inclusion with the report. (2) After an adjournment of the last reg-
ular session of a Congress sine die, the Chair-man of the Committee may file at any time with the Clerk the Committee’s activity re-port for that Congress pursuant to clause 1(d)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House without the approval of the Committee, pro-vided that a copy of the report has been available to each Member of the Committee for at least 7 calendar days and the report in-cludes any supplemental, minority, addi-tional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Committee. 
(i) Conference.—The Chairman is directed 
to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
RULE X .—OTHER COMMITTEE ACTIVITIES  
(a) Oversight Plan.—Not later than Feb-
ruary 15 of the first session of a Congress, the Chairman shall convene the Committee in a meeting that is open to the public and with a quorum present to adopt its oversight plans for that Congress. Such plans shall be 
submitted simultaneously to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and to the Committee on House Administration. In developing such plans the Committee shall, to the maximum extent feasible— 
(1) consult with other committees of the 
House that have jurisdiction over the same or related laws, programs, or agencies within its jurisdiction, with the objective of ensur-ing that such laws, programs, or agencies are reviewed in the same Congress and that there is a maximum of coordination between such committees in the conduct of such re-views; and such plans shall include an expla-nation of what steps have been and will be taken to ensure such coordination and co-operation; 
(2) review specific problems with Federal 
rules, regulations, statutes, and court deci-sions that are ambiguous, arbitrary, or non-sensical, or that impose severe financial bur-dens on individuals; 
(3) give priority consideration to including 
in its plans the review of those laws, pro-grams, or agencies operating under perma-nent budget authority or permanent statu-tory authority; 
(4) have a view toward ensuring that all 
significant laws, programs, or agencies with-in its jurisdiction are subject to review at least once every 10 years; and 
(5) include proposals to cut or eliminate 
programs, including mandatory spending programs, that are inefficient, duplicative, outdated, or more appropriately adminis-tered by State or local governments. 
The Committee and its appropriate sub-
committees shall review and study, on a con-tinuing basis, the impact or probable impact of tax policies affecting subjects within its jurisdiction as provided in clause 2(d) of House Rule X. The Committee shall include in the report filed pursuant to clause 1(d) of House Rule XI a summary of the oversight plans submitted by the Committee under clause 2(d) of House Rule X, a summary of actions taken and recommendations made with respect to each such plan, and a sum-mary of any additional oversight activities undertaken by the Committee and any rec-ommendations made or actions taken there-on. 
(b) Annual Appropriations.—The Com-
mittee shall, in its consideration of all bills and joint resolutions of a public character within its jurisdiction, ensure that appro-priations for continuing programs and ac-tivities of the Federal government and the District of Columbia government will be made annually to the maximum extent fea-sible and consistent with the nature, require-ments, and objectives of the programs and activities involved. The Committee shall re-view, from time to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.036 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H568 January 26, 2015 
time, each continuing program within its ju-
risdiction for which appropriations are not made annually in order to ascertain whether such program could be modified so that ap-propriations therefor would be made annu-ally. 
(c) Budget Act Compliance: Views and Es-
timates (See Appendix B).—Not later than 6 weeks after the President submits his budget 
under section 1105(a) of title 31, United State Code, or at such time as the Committee on the Budget may request, the Committee shall, submit to the Committee on the Budg-et (1) its views and estimates with respect to all matters to be set forth in the concurrent resolution on the budget for the ensuing fis-cal year (under section 301 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974—Appendix B) that are within its jurisdiction or functions; and (2) an estimate of the total amounts of new budget authority, and budget outlays result-ing therefrom, to be provided or authorized in all bills and resolutions within its juris-diction that it intends to be effective during that fiscal year. 
(d) Budget Act Compliance: Recommended 
Changes.—Whenever the Committee is di-rected in a concurrent resolution on the budget to determine and recommend changes in laws, bills, or resolutions under the rec-onciliation process, it shall promptly make 
such determination and recommendations, and report a reconciliation bill or resolution (or both) to the House or submit such rec-ommendations to the Committee on the Budget, in accordance with the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (See Appendix B). 
(e) Conference Committees.—Whenever in 
the legislative process it becomes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chairman shall, after consultation with the Ranking Minor-ity Member, determine the number of con-ferees the Chairman deems most suitable and then recommend to the Speaker as con-ferees, in keeping with the number to be ap-pointed by the Speaker as provided in House Rule I, clause 11, the names of those Mem-bers of the Committee of not less than a ma-jority who generally supported the House po-sition and who were primarily responsible for the legislation. The Chairman shall, to the fullest extent feasible, include those Members of the Committee who were the principal proponents of the major provisions of the bill as it passed the House and such other Committee Members of the majority party as the Chairman may designate in con-sultation with the Members of the majority party. Such recommendations shall provide a ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members no less favorable to the ma-jority party than the ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members on the Committee. In making recommendations of Minority Party Members as conferees, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. 
(f) Hearing on Waste, Fraud, and Abuse.— 
(1) The Committee, or a Subcommittee, shall hold at least one hearing during each 120-day period following the establishment of the Committee on the topic of waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement in Government programs which the Committee may author-ize. 
(2) A hearing described in subparagraph (1) 
shall include a focus on the most egregious instances of waste, fraud, abuse, or mis-management as documented by any report the Committee has received from a Federal Office of the Inspector General or the Comp-troller General of the United States. 
(g) Hearing on Agency Financial State-
ments.—The Committee or a Subcommittee, shall hold at least one hearing in any session in which the Committee has received dis-claimers of agency financial statements from auditors of any Federal agency that the Committee may authorize to hear testimony 
on such disclaimers from representatives of any such agency. 
(h) Hearing on GAO High-Risk-List.—The 
Committee or a Subcommittee, shall hold at least one hearing on issues raised by reports issued by the Comptroller General of the United States indicating that Federal pro-grams or operations that the Committee may authorize are at high risk for waste, fraud, and mismanagement, known as the ‘high-risk-list’ or the ‘high-risk series’. 
(i) Activities Report.—(1) Not later than 
January 2 of each odd-numbered year, the Committee shall submit to the House a re-port on the activities of the Committee. After adjournment sine die of the last reg-ular session of a Congress, or after December 15 of an even-numbered year, whichever oc-curs first, the Chair may file the report, a copy of which shall be made available to each Member of the Committee for at least 7 calendar days, with the Clerk of the House at any time. 
(2) Such report shall include separate sec-
tions summarizing the legislative and over-sight activities of the Committee during that Congress. 
(3) The oversight section of such report 
shall include a summary of the oversight plans submitted by the Committee pursuant to clause 2(d) of House Rule X, a summary of the actions taken and recommendations made with respect to each such plan, and a summary of any additional oversight activi-ties undertaken by the Committee, and any recommendations made or actions taken with respect thereto. 
RULE XI .—SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) Number and Composition.—There shall 
be such subcommittees as specified in para-graph (c) of this rule. Each of such sub-committees shall be composed of the number of Members set forth in paragraph (c) of this rule, including ex officio Members.
1The 
Chairman may create additional subcommit-tees of an ad hoc nature as the Chairman de-termines to be appropriate subject to any limitations provided for in the House Rules. 
(b) Ratios.—On each Subcommittee, there 
shall be a ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members which shall be consistent with the ratio on the full Com-mittee. In calculating the ratio of majority party Members to minority party Members, there shall be included the ex officio Mem-bers of the subcommittees and ratios below reflect that fact. 
(c) Jurisdiction.—Each Subcommittee 
shall have the following general jurisdiction and number of Members: 
General Farm Commodities and Risk Man-
agement ( ll members, ll majority and 
ll minority)—Policies, statutes, and mar-
kets relating to commodities including bar-ley, cotton, cottonseed, corn, grain sorghum, honey, mohair, oats, other oilseeds, peanuts, pulse crops, rice, soybeans, sugar, wheat, and wool; the Commodity Credit Corporation; risk management policies and statutes, in-cluding Federal Crop Insurance; producer data and privacy issues. 
Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit 
( ll members, ll majority and ll minor-
ity)—Policies, statutes, and markets relat-ing to commodity exchanges; agricultural credit; rural development, energy; rural elec-trification. 
Conservation and Forestry ( ll members, 
ll majority and ll minority)—Policies 
and statutes relating to resource conserva-tion, forestry, and all forests under the juris-diction of the Committee on Agriculture. 
Nutrition ( ll members, ll majority 
and ll minority)—Policies and statutes re-
lating to nutrition, including the Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program and domestic commodity distribution and con-
sumer initiatives. 
Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research 
( ll members, ll majority and ll minor-
ity)—Policies, statutes, and markets relat-ing to horticulture, including fruits, vegeta-bles, nuts, and ornamentals; bees; and or-ganic agriculture; policies and statutes re-lating to marketing and promotion orders; pest and disease management; bioterrorism; adulteration and quarantine matters; re-search, education, and extension; and bio-technology. 
Livestock and Foreign Agriculture ( ll 
members, ll majority and ll minority)— 
Policies, statutes, and markets relating to all livestock, poultry, dairy, and seafood, in-cluding all products thereof; the inspection, marketing, and promotion of such commod-ities and products; aquaculture; animal wel-fare; grazing; foreign agricultural assistance and trade promotion. 
(d) Referral of Legislation.— (1)(a) In General.—All bills, resolutions, 
and other matters referred to the Committee shall be referred to all subcommittees of ap-propriate jurisdiction within 2 weeks after being referred to the Committee. After con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, the Chairman may determine that the Committee will consider certain bills, reso-lutions, or other matters. 
(b) Trade Matters.—Unless action is other-
wise taken under subparagraph (3), bills, res-olutions, and other matters referred to the Committee relating to foreign agriculture, foreign food or commodity assistance, and foreign trade and marketing issues will be considered by the Committee. 
(2) The Chairman, by a majority vote of 
the Committee, may discharge a Sub-committee from further consideration of any bill, resolution, or other matter referred to the Subcommittee and have such bill, resolu-tion or other matter considered by the Com-mittee. The Committee having referred a bill, resolution, or other matter to a Sub-committee in accordance with this rule may discharge such Subcommittee from further consideration thereof at any time by a vote of the majority Members of the Committee for the Committee’s direct consideration or for reference to another Subcommittee. 
(3) Unless the Committee, a quorum being 
present, decides otherwise by a majority vote, the Chairman may refer bills, resolu-tions, legislation or other matters not spe-cifically within the jurisdiction of a Sub-committee, or that is within the jurisdiction of more than one Subcommittee, jointly or exclusively as the Chairman deems appro-priate, including concurrently to the sub-committees with jurisdiction, sequentially to the subcommittees with jurisdiction (sub-ject to any time limits deemed appropriate), divided by subject matter among the sub-committees with jurisdiction, or to an ad hoc subcommittee appointed by the Chair-man for the purpose of considering the mat-ter and reporting to the Committee thereon, or make such other provisions deemed appro-priate. 
(e) Participation and Service of Committee 
Members on Subcommittees.—(1) The Chair-man and the Ranking Minority Member shall serve as ex officio Members of all sub-committees and shall have the right to vote on all matters before the subcommittees. The Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member may not be counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum. 
(2) Any Member of the Committee who is 
not a Member of the Subcommittee may have the privilege of sitting and nonparticipatory attendance at Sub-committee hearings or meetings in accord-ance with clause 2(g)(2) of House Rule XI. Such Member may not: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.037 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H569 January 26, 2015 
(i) vote on any matter; 
(ii) be counted for the purpose of a estab-
lishing a quorum; 
(iii) participate in questioning a witness 
under the 5-Minute Rule, unless permitted to do so by the Subcommittee Chairman in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber or a majority of the Subcommittee, a quorum being present; 
(iv) raise points of order; or (v) offer amendments or motions. 
(f) Subcommittee Hearings and Meetings.— 
(1) Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and make recommendations to the Committee on all matters referred to it or under its juris-diction after consultation by the Sub-committee Chairmen with the Committee Chairman. (See Committee Rule VIII.) 
(2) After consultation with the Committee 
Chairman, Subcommittee Chairmen shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their sub-committees and shall request the Majority Staff Director to make any announcement relating thereto. (See Committee Rule VIII(b).) In setting the dates, the Committee Chairman and Subcommittee Chairman shall consult with other Subcommittee Chairmen and relevant Committee and Subcommittee Ranking Minority Members in an effort to avoid simultaneously scheduling Committee and Subcommittee meetings or hearings to the extent practicable. 
(3) Notice of all Subcommittee meetings 
shall be provided to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee by the Majority Staff Director. 
(4) Subcommittees may hold meetings or 
hearings outside of the House if the Chair-man of the Committee and other Sub-committee Chairmen and the Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Subcommittee is con-sulted in advance to ensure that there is no scheduling problem. However, the majority of the Committee may authorize such meet-ing or hearing. 
(5) The provisions regarding notice and the 
agenda of Committee meetings under Com-mittee Rule II(a) and special or additional meetings under Committee Rule II(b) shall apply to Subcommittee meetings. 
(6) If a vacancy occurs in a Subcommittee 
chairmanship, the Chairman may set the dates for hearings and meetings of the Sub-committee during the period of vacancy. The Chairman may also appoint an acting Sub-committee Chairman until the vacancy is filled. 
(g) Subcommittee Action.—(1) Any bill, 
resolution, recommendation, or other matter forwarded to the Committee by a Sub-committee shall be promptly forwarded by the Subcommittee Chairman or any Sub-committee Member authorized to do so by the Subcommittee. 
(2) Upon receipt of such recommendation, 
the Majority Staff Director of the Com-mittee shall promptly advise all Members of the Committee of the Subcommittee action. 
(3) The Committee shall not consider any 
matters recommended by subcommittees until 2 calendar days have elapsed from the date of action, unless the Chairman or a ma-jority of the Committee determines other-wise. 
(h) Subcommittee Investigations.—No in-
vestigation shall be initiated by a Sub-committee without the prior consultation with the Chairman of the Committee or a majority of the Committee. 
RULE XII .—COMMITTEE BUDGET , STAFF , AND 
TRAVEL  
(a) Committee Budget.—The Chairman, in 
consultation with the majority Members of the Committee, and the minority Members of the Committee, shall prepare a prelimi-nary budget for each session of the Congress Such budget shall include necessary amounts 
for staff personnel, travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and sub-committees. After consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman shall include an amount budgeted to minor-ity Members for staff under their direction and supervision. Thereafter, the Chairman shall combine such proposals into a consoli-dated Committee budget, and shall take whatever action is necessary to have such budget duly authorized by the House. 
(b) Committee Staff.—(1) The Chairman 
shall appoint and determine the remunera-tion of, and may remove, the professional and clerical employees of the Committee not assigned to the minority. The professional and clerical staff of the Committee not as-signed to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chairman, who shall establish and assign the duties and responsibilities of such staff members and delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. (See House Rule X, clause 9) 
(2) The Ranking Minority Member of the 
Committee shall appoint and determine the remuneration of, and may remove, the pro-fessional and clerical staff assigned to the minority within the budget approved for such purposes. The professional and clerical staff assigned to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee who may delegate such authority as he or she determines appropriate. 
(3) From the funds made available for the 
appointment of Committee staff pursuant to any primary or additional expense resolu-tion, the Chairman shall ensure that each Subcommittee is adequately funded and staffed to discharge its responsibilities and that the minority party is fairly treated in the appointment of such staff (See House Rule X, clause 6(d)). 
(c) Committee Travel.—(1) Consistent with 
the primary expense resolution and such ad-ditional expense resolution as may have been approved, the provisions of this rule shall govern official travel of Committee Members and Committee staff regarding domestic and foreign travel (See House Rule XI, clause 2(n) and House Rule X, clause 8 (reprinted in Ap-pendix A)). Official travel for any Member or any Committee staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Official travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Committee Member and any Committee staff member in connec-tion with the attendance of hearings con-ducted by the Committee and its subcommit-tees and meetings, conferences, facility in-spections, and investigations which involve activities or subject matter relevant to the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Be-fore such authorization is given there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writing the following: 
(i) The purpose of the official travel; (ii) The dates during which the official 
travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the official travel is being made; 
(iii) The location of the event for which the 
official travel is to be made; and 
(iv) The names of Members and Committee 
staff seeking authorization. 
(2) In the case of official travel of Members 
and staff of a Subcommittee to hearings, meetings, conferences, facility inspections and investigations involving activities or subject matter under the jurisdiction of such Subcommittee to be paid for out of funds al-located to the Committee, prior authoriza-tion must be obtained from the Sub-committee Chairman and the full Committee Chairman. Such prior authorization shall be given by the Chairman only upon the rep-resentation by the applicable Subcommittee 
Chairman in writing setting forth those items enumerated in clause (1). 
(3) Within 60 days of the conclusion of any 
official travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the Committee Chairman a written report covering the in-formation gained as a result of the hearing, meeting, conference, facility inspection or investigation attended pursuant to such offi-cial travel. 
(4) Local currencies owned by the United 
States shall be made available to the Com-mittee and its employees engaged in car-rying out their official duties outside the United States, its territories or possessions. No appropriated funds shall be expended for the purpose of defraying expenses of Mem-bers of the Committee or is employees in any country where local currencies are available for this purpose; and the following condi-tions shall apply with respect to their use of 35 such currencies; 
(i) No Member or employee of the Com-
mittee shall receive or expend local cur-rencies for subsistence in any country at a rate in excess of the maximum per diem rate set forth in applicable Federal law; and 
(ii) Each Member or employee of the Com-
mittee shall make an itemized report to the Chairman within 60 days following the com-pletion of travel showing the dates each country was visited, the amount of per diem furnished, the cost of transportation fur-nished, and any funds expended for any other official purpose, and shall summarize in these categories the total foreign currencies and appropriated funds expended. All such individual reports shall be filed by the Chair-man with the Committee on House Adminis-tration and shall be open to public inspec-tion. 
RULE XIII .—AMENDMENT OF RULES  
These Rules may be amended by a major-
ity vote of the Committee. A proposed change in these Rules shall not be considered by the Committee as provided in clause 2 of House Rule XI, unless written notice of the proposed change has been provided to each Committee Member 2 legislative days in ad-vance of the date on which the matter is to be considered. Any such change in the Rules of the Committee shall be published in the Congressional Record within 30 calendar days after its approval. 
ENDNOTES  
1. The Chairman and Ranking Minority 
Member of the Committee serve as ex officio Members of the Subcommittees. (See para-graph (e) of this Rule). 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I respect-
fully submit the Rules of the Committee on 
Armed Services for the 114th Congress, as adopted by the committee on January 14, 2015. 
RULE 1 . GENERAL PROVISIONS  
(a) The Rules of the House of Representa-
tives are the rules of the Committee on Armed Services (hereinafter referred to in these rules as the ‘‘Committee’’) and its sub-committees so far as applicable. 
(b) Pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee’s rules shall be publicly available in electronic form and published in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the chair of the committee is elected in each odd-numbered year. 
RULE 2 . FULL COMMITTEE MEETING DATE  
(a) The Committee shall meet every 
Wednesday at 10:00 a.m., when the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.039 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H570 January 26, 2015 
Representatives is in session, and at such 
other times as may be fixed by the Chairman of the Committee (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘Chairman’’), or by written request of members of the Committee pursuant to clause 2(c) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(b) A Wednesday meeting of the Committee 
may be dispensed with by the Chairman, but such action may be reversed by a written re-quest of a majority of the members of the Committee. 
RULE 3 . SUBCOMMITTEE MEETING DATES  
Each subcommittee is authorized to meet, 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the Committee on all matters referred to it. Insofar as possible, meetings of the Com-mittee and its subcommittees shall not con-flict. A subcommittee Chairman shall set meeting dates after consultation with the Chairman, other subcommittee Chairmen, and the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee with a view toward avoiding, whenever possible, simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings. 
RULE 4 . JURISDICTION AND MEMBERSHIP OF  
COMMITTEE AND SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) Jurisdiction 
(1) The Committee retains jurisdiction of 
all subjects listed in clause 1(c) and clause 3(b) of rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives and retains exclusive juris-diction for: defense policy generally, ongoing military operations, the organization and re-form of the Department of Defense and De-partment of Energy, counter-drug programs, security and humanitarian assistance (ex-cept special operations-related activities) of the Department of Defense, acquisition and industrial base policy, technology transfer and export controls, joint interoperability, detainee affairs and policy, force protection policy and inter-agency reform as it pertains to the Department of Defense and the nu-clear weapons programs of the Department of Energy. In addition the committee will be responsible for intelligence policy (including coordination of military intelligence pro-grams), national intelligence programs, and Department of Defense elements that are part of the Intelligence Community. While subcommittees are provided jurisdictional responsibilities in subparagraph (2), the Committee retains the right to exercise oversight and legislative jurisdiction over all subjects within its purview under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The Committee shall be organized to 
consist of seven standing subcommittees with the following jurisdictions: 
Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land 
Forces: All Army, Air Force and Marine Corps acquisition programs (except Marine Corps amphibious assault vehicle programs, strategic missiles, space, lift programs, spe-cial operations, science and technology pro-grams, and information technology ac-counts) and the associated weapons systems sustainment. In addition, the subcommittee will be responsible for Navy and Marine Corps aviation programs and the associated weapons systems sustainment, National Guard and Army, Air Force and Marine Corps Reserve modernization, and ammuni-tion programs. 
Subcommittee on Military Personnel: Mili-
tary personnel policy, Reserve Component integration and employment issues, military health care, military education, and POW/ MIA issues. In addition, the subcommittee will be responsible for Morale, Welfare and Recreation issues and programs. 
Subcommittee on Readiness: Military 
readiness, training, logistics and mainte-nance issues and programs. In addition, the subcommittee will be responsible for all military construction, depot policy, civilian 
personnel policy, environmental policy, in-stallations and family housing issues, includ-ing the base closure process, and energy pol-icy and programs of the Department of De-fense. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection 
Forces: Navy acquisition programs, Naval Reserve equipment, and Marine Corps am-phibious assault vehicle programs (except strategic weapons, space, special operations, science and technology programs, and infor-mation technology programs), deep strike bombers and related systems, lift programs, seaborne unmanned aerial systems and the associated weapons systems sustainment. In addition, the subcommittee will be respon-sible for Maritime programs under the juris-diction of the Committee as delineated in paragraphs 5 and 9 of clause 1(c) of rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
Subcommittee on Strategic Forces: Stra-
tegic weapons (except deep strike bombers and related systems), space programs (in-cluding national intelligence space pro-grams), ballistic missile defense, the associ-ated weapons systems sustainment, the Co-operative Threat Reduction program, and Department of Energy national security pro-grams. 
Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities: Defense-wide and joint enabling activities and programs to include: Special Operations Forces; counter-proliferation and counter-terrorism programs and initiatives; science and technology policy and programs; information technology programs; homeland defense and Department of Defense related consequence management programs; related intelligence support; and other enabling pro-grams and activities to include cyber oper-ations, strategic communications, and infor-mation operations. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions: Any matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee, subject to the concurrence of the Chairman of the Committee and, as ap-propriate, affected subcommittee chairmen. The subcommittee shall have no legislative jurisdiction. 
(b) Membership of the Subcommittees (1) Subcommittee memberships, with the 
exception of membership on the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, shall be filled in accordance with the rules of the Majority party’s conference and the Mi-nority party’s caucus, respectively. 
(2) The Chairman and Ranking Minority 
Member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations shall be filled in accord-ance with the rules of the Majority party’s conference and the Minority party’s caucus, respectively. Consistent with the party ra-tios established by the Majority party, all other Majority members of the sub-committee shall be appointed by the Chair-man of the Committee, and all other Minor-ity members shall be appointed by the Rank-ing Minority Member of the Committee. 
(3) The Chairman of the Committee and 
Ranking Minority Member thereof may sit as ex officio members of all subcommittees. Ex officio members shall not vote in sub-committee hearings or meetings or be taken into consideration for the purpose of deter-mining the ratio of the subcommittees or es-tablishing a quorum at subcommittee hear-ings or meetings. 
(4) A member of the Committee who is not 
a member of a particular subcommittee may sit with the subcommittee and participate during any of its hearings but shall not have authority to vote, cannot be counted for the purpose of achieving a quorum, and cannot raise a point of order at the hearing. 
RULE 5 . COMMITTEE PANELS AND TASK FORCES  
(a) Committee Panels (1) The Chairman may designate a panel of 
the Committee consisting of members of the Committee to inquire into and take testi-mony on a matter or matters that fall with-in the jurisdiction of more than one sub-committee and to report to the Committee. 
(2) No panel appointed by the Chairman 
shall continue in existence for more than six months after the appointment. A panel so appointed may, upon the expiration of six months, be reappointed by the Chairman for a period of time which is not to exceed six months. 
(3) Consistent with the party ratios estab-
lished by the Majority party, all Majority members of the panels shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee, and all Mi-nority members shall be appointed by the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee. The Chairman of the Committee shall choose one of the Majority members so appointed who does not currently chair an-other subcommittee of the Committee to serve as Chairman of the panel. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall similarly choose the Ranking Minority Member of the panel. 
(4) No panel shall have legislative jurisdic-
tion. 
(b) Committee and Subcommittee Task 
Forces 
(1) The Chairman of the Committee, or a 
Chairman of a subcommittee with the con-currence of the Chairman of the Committee, may designate a task force to inquire into and take testimony on a matter that falls within the jurisdiction of the Committee or subcommittee, respectively. The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee or subcommittee shall each appoint an equal number of members to the task force. The Chairman of the Committee or subcommittee shall choose one of the mem-bers so appointed, who does not currently chair another subcommittee of the Com-mittee, to serve as Chairman of the task force. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or subcommittee shall similarly appoint the Ranking Minority Member of the task force. 
(2) No task force appointed by the Chair-
man of the Committee or subcommittee shall continue in existence for more than three months. A task force may only be re-appointed for an additional three months with the written concurrence of the Chair-man and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or subcommittee whose Chair-man appointed the task force. 
(3) No task force shall have legislative ju-
risdiction. 
RULE 6 . REFERENCE AND CONSIDERATION OF  
LEGISLATION  
(a) The Chairman shall refer legislation 
and other matters to the appropriate sub-committee or to the full Committee. 
(b) Legislation shall be taken up for a 
hearing or markup only when called by the Chairman of the Committee or sub-committee, as appropriate, or by a majority of the Committee or subcommittee, as ap-propriate. 
(c) The Chairman, with approval of a ma-
jority vote of a quorum of the Committee, shall have authority to discharge a sub-committee from consideration of any meas-ure or matter referred thereto and have such measure or matter considered by the Com-mittee. 
(d) Reports and recommendations of a sub-
committee may not be considered by the Committee until after the intervention of three calendar days from the time the report is approved by the subcommittee and avail-able to the members of the Committee, ex-cept that this rule may be waived by a ma-jority vote of a quorum of the Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.041 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H571 January 26, 2015 
(e) The Chairman, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, shall establish criteria for recommending legislation and other matters to be considered by the House of Representatives, pursuant to clause 1 of rule XV of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives. Such criteria shall not conflict with the Rules of the House of Representa-tives and other applicable rules. 
RULE 7 . PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT OF HEARINGS  
AND MEETINGS  
(a) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee, or of any subcommittee, panel, or task force, shall make a public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing or meeting before that body at least one week before the commencement of a hearing and at least three days before the commence-ment of a meeting. However, if the Chairman of the Committee, or of any subcommittee, panel, or task force, with the concurrence of the respective Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing or meeting sooner, or if the Com-mittee, subcommittee, panel, or task force so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, such chairman shall make the announce-ment at the earliest possible date. Any an-nouncement made under this rule shall be promptly published in the Daily Digest, promptly entered into the committee sched-uling service of the House Information Re-sources, and promptly made publicly avail-able in electronic form. 
(b) At least 24 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, or at the time of an announce-ment under paragraph (a) made within 24 hours before such meeting, the Chairman of the Committee, or of any subcommittee, panel, or task force shall cause the text of such measure or matter to be made publicly available in electronic form as provided in clause 2(g)(4) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 8 . BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE  
HEARINGS AND MEETINGS  
(a) Pursuant to clause 2(e)(5) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee shall, to the maximum ex-tent practicable, provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that al-lows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings. The Committee shall main-tain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the pub-lic. 
(b) Clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives shall apply to the Committee. 
RULE 9 . MEETINGS AND HEARINGS OPEN TO THE  
PUBLIC  
(a) Each hearing and meeting for the trans-
action of business, including the markup of legislation, conducted by the Committee, or any subcommittee, panel, or task force, to the extent that the respective body is au-thorized to conduct markups, shall be open to the public except when the Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task force in open session and with a majority being present, determines by record vote that all or part of the remainder of that hearing or meeting on that day shall be in executive session be-cause disclosure of testimony, evidence, or other matters to be considered would endan-ger the national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would violate any law or rule of the House of Representatives. Notwithstanding the re-quirements of the preceding sentence, a ma-jority of those present, there being in at-tendance no fewer than two members of the 
Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task force may vote to close a hearing or meeting for the sole purpose of discussing whether testimony or evidence to be received would endanger the national security, would com-promise sensitive law enforcement informa-tion, or would violate any law or rule of the House of Representatives. If the decision is to proceed in executive session, the vote must be by record vote and in open session, a majority of the Committee, subcommittee, panel, or task force being present. 
(b) Whenever it is asserted by a member of 
the Committee or subcommittee that the evidence or testimony at a hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any per-son, or it is asserted by a witness that the evidence or testimony that the witness would give at a hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate the witness, not-withstanding the requirements of (a) and the provisions of clause 2(g)(2) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, such evidence or testimony shall be presented in executive session, if by a majority vote of those present, there being in attendance no fewer than two members of the Committee or subcommittee, the Committee or sub-committee determines that such evidence may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. A majority of those present, there being in attendance no fewer than two members of the Committee or subcommittee may also vote to close the hearing or meet-ing for the sole purpose of discussing wheth-er evidence or testimony to be received would tend to defame, degrade, or incrimi-nate any person. The Committee or sub-committee shall proceed to receive such tes-timony in open session only if the Com-mittee or subcommittee, a majority being present, determines that such evidence or testimony will not tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person. 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, and 
with the approval of the Chairman, each member of the Committee may designate by letter to the Chairman, one member of that member’s personal staff, and an alternate, which may include fellows, with Top Secret security clearance to attend hearings of the Committee, or that member’s sub-committee(s), panel(s), or task force(s) (ex-cluding briefings or meetings held under the provisions of committee rule 9(a)), which have been closed under the provisions of rule 9(a) above for national security purposes for the taking of testimony. The attendance of such a staff member or fellow at such hear-ings is subject to the approval of the Com-mittee, subcommittee, panel, or task force as dictated by national security require-ments at that time. The attainment of any required security clearances is the responsi-bility of individual members of the Com-mittee. 
(d) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(2) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, no Member, Delegate, or Resident Commis-sioner may be excluded from nonparticipatory attendance at any hearing of the Committee or a subcommittee, unless the House of Representatives shall by major-ity vote authorize the Committee or sub-committee, for purposes of a particular se-ries of hearings on a particular article of leg-islation or on a particular subject of inves-tigation, to close its hearings to Members, Delegates, and the Resident Commissioner by the same procedures designated in this rule for closing hearings to the public. 
(e) The Committee or the subcommittee 
may vote, by the same procedure, to meet in executive session for up to five additional consecutive days of hearings. RULE 10 . QUORUM  
(a) For purposes of taking testimony and 
receiving evidence, two members shall con-stitute a quorum. 
(b) One-third of the members of the Com-
mittee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for taking any action, with the fol-lowing exceptions, in which case a majority of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum: 
(1) Reporting a measure or recommenda-
tion; 
(2) Closing Committee or subcommittee 
meetings and hearings to the public; 
(3) Authorizing the issuance of subpoenas; (4) Authorizing the use of executive session 
material; and 
(5) Voting to proceed in open session after 
voting to close to discuss whether evidence or testimony to be received would tend to de-fame, degrade, or incriminate any person. 
(c) No measure or recommendation shall be 
reported to the House of Representatives un-less a majority of the Committee is actually present. 
RULE 11 . THE FIVE -MINUTE RULE  
(a) Subject to rule 15, the time any one 
member may address the Committee or sub-committee on any measure or matter under consideration shall not exceed five minutes and then only when the member has been recognized by the Chairman or sub-committee chairman, as appropriate, except that this time limit may be exceeded by unanimous consent. Any member, upon re-quest, shall be recognized for not more than five minutes to address the Committee or subcommittee on behalf of an amendment which the member has offered to any pend-ing bill or resolution. The five-minute limi-tation shall not apply to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or subcommittee. 
(b)(1) Members who are present at a hear-
ing of the Committee or subcommittee when a hearing is originally convened shall be rec-ognized by the Chairman or subcommittee chairman, as appropriate, in order of senior-ity. Those members arriving subsequently shall be recognized in order of their arrival. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Chair-man and the Ranking Minority Member will take precedence upon their arrival. In recog-nizing members to question witnesses in this fashion, the Chairman shall take into consid-eration the ratio of the Majority to Minority members present and shall establish the order of recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to disadvantage the mem-bers of either party. 
(2) Pursuant to rule 4 and subject to rule 
15, a member of the Committee who is not a member of a subcommittee may be recog-nized by a subcommittee chairman in order of their arrival and after all present sub-committee members have been recognized. 
(3) The Chairman of the Committee or a 
subcommittee, with the concurrence of the respective Ranking Minority Member, may depart with the regular order for questioning which is specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this rule provided that such a decision is an-nounced prior to the hearing or prior to the opening statements of the witnesses and that any such departure applies equally to the Majority and the Minority. 
(c) No person other than a Member, Dele-
gate, or Resident Commissioner of Congress and committee staff may be seated in or be-hind the dais area during Committee, sub-committee, panel, or task force hearings and meetings. 
RULE 12 . POWER TO SIT AND ACT ; SUBPOENA  
POWER  
(a) For the purpose of carrying out any of 
its functions and duties under rules X and XI 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.043 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H572 January 26, 2015 
of the Rules of the House of Representatives, 
the Committee and any subcommittee is au-thorized (subject to subparagraph (b)(1) of this paragraph): 
(1) to sit and act at such times and places 
within the United States, whether the House is in session, has recessed, or has adjourned, and to hold hearings, and 
(2) to require by subpoena, or otherwise, 
the attendance and testimony of such wit-nesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memorandums, pa-pers and documents, including, but not lim-ited to, those in electronic form, as it con-siders necessary. 
(b)(1) A subpoena may be authorized and 
issued by the Committee, or any sub-committee with the concurrence of the full Committee Chairman and after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, under subparagraph (a)(2) in the conduct of any investigation, or series of in-vestigations or activities, only when author-ized by a majority of the members voting, a majority of the Committee or subcommittee being present. Authorized subpoenas shall be signed only by the Chairman, or by any member designated by the Committee. 
(2) Pursuant to clause 2(m) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, compliance with any subpoena issued by the Committee or any subcommittee under sub-paragraph (a)(2) may be enforced only as au-thorized or directed by the House of Rep-resentatives. 
RULE 13 . WITNESS STATEMENTS  
(a) Any prepared statement to be presented 
by a witness to the Committee or a sub-committee shall be submitted to the Com-mittee or subcommittee at least 48 hours in advance of presentation and shall be distrib-uted to all members of the Committee or subcommittee as soon as practicable but not less than 24 hours in advance of presen-tation. A copy of any such prepared state-ment shall also be submitted to the Com-mittee in electronic form. If a prepared statement contains national security infor-mation bearing a classification of Confiden-tial or higher, the statement shall be made available in the Committee rooms to all 
members of the Committee or subcommittee as soon as practicable but not less than 24 hours in advance of presentation; however, no such statement shall be removed from the Committee offices. The requirement of this rule may be waived by a majority vote of the Committee or subcommittee, a quorum being present. In cases where a witness does not submit a statement by the time required under this rule, the Chairman of the Com-mittee or subcommittee, as appropriate, with the concurrence of the respective Rank-ing Minority Member, may elect to exclude the witness from the hearing. 
(b) The Committee and each subcommittee 
shall require each witness who is to appear before it to file with the Committee in ad-vance of his or her appearance a written statement of the proposed testimony and to limit the oral presentation at such appear-ance to a brief summary of the submitted written statement. 
(c) Pursuant to clause 2(g)(5) of rule XI of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, written witness statements, with appro-priate redactions to protect the privacy of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. 
RULE 14 . ADMINISTERING OATHS TO WITNESSES  
(a) The Chairman, or any member des-
ignated by the Chairman, may administer oaths to any witness. 
(b) Witnesses, when sworn, shall subscribe 
to the following oath: 
‘‘Do you solemnly swear (or affirm) that 
the testimony you will give before this Com-mittee (or subcommittee) in the matters now 
under consideration will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?’’ 
RULE 15 . QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES  
(a) When a witness is before the Committee 
or a subcommittee, members of the Com-
mittee or subcommittee may put questions to the witness only when recognized by the Chairman or subcommittee chairman, as ap-propriate, for that purpose according to rule 11 of the Committee. 
(b) Members of the Committee or sub-
committee who so desire shall have not more than five minutes to question each witness or panel of witnesses, the responses of the witness or witnesses being included in the five-minute period, until such time as each member has had an opportunity to question each witness or panel of witnesses. There-after, additional rounds for questioning wit-nesses by members are within the discretion of the Chairman or subcommittee chairman, as appropriate. 
(c) Questions put to witnesses before the 
Committee or subcommittee shall be perti-nent to the measure or matter that may be before the Committee or subcommittee for consideration. 
RULE 16 . PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE HEARINGS  
AND MARKUPS  
The transcripts of those hearings con-
ducted by the Committee, subcommittee, or panel will be published officially in substan-tially verbatim form, with the material re-quested for the record inserted at that place requested, or at the end of the record, as ap-propriate. The transcripts of markups con-ducted by the Committee or any sub-committee may be published officially in verbatim form. Any requests to correct any errors, other than those in transcription, will be appended to the record, and the ap-propriate place where the change is re-quested will be footnoted. Any transcript published under this rule shall include the results of record votes conducted in the ses-sion covered by the transcript and shall also include materials that have been submitted for the record and are covered under rule 19. The handling and safekeeping of these mate-rials shall fully satisfy the requirements of rule 20. No transcript of an executive session conducted under rule 9 shall be published under this rule. 
RULE 17 . VOTING AND ROLLCALLS  
(a) Voting on a measure or matter may be 
by record vote, division vote, voice vote, or unanimous consent. 
(b) A record vote shall be ordered upon the 
request of one-fifth of those members present. 
(c) No vote by any member of the Com-
mittee or a subcommittee with respect to any measure or matter shall be cast by proxy. 
(d) In the event of a vote or votes, when a 
member is in attendance at any other com-mittee, subcommittee, or conference com-mittee meeting during that time, the nec-essary absence of that member shall be so noted in the record vote record, upon timely notification to the Chairman by that mem-ber. 
(e) The Chairman of the Committee or a 
subcommittee, as appropriate, with the con-currence of the Ranking Minority Member or the most senior Minority member who is present at the time, may elect to postpone requested record votes until such time or point at a markup as is mutually decided. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, the under-lying proposition shall remain subject to fur-ther debate or amendment to the same ex-tent as when the question was postponed. RULE 18 . COMMITTEE REPORTS  
(a) If, at the time of approval of any meas-
ure or matter by the Committee, any mem-ber of the Committee gives timely notice of intention to file supplemental, Minority, ad-ditional or dissenting views, all members shall be entitled to not less than two cal-endar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on such days) in which to file such written and signed views with the Staff Di-rector of the Committee, or the Staff Direc-tor’s designee. All such views so filed by one or more members of the Committee shall be included within, and shall be a part of, the report filed by the Committee with respect to that measure or matter. 
(b) With respect to each record vote on a 
motion to report any measure or matter, and on any amendment offered to the measure or matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, the names of those voting for and against, and a brief description of the question, shall be included in the Committee report on the measure or matter. 
(c) Not later than 24 hours after the adop-
tion of any amendment to a measure or mat-ter considered by the Committee, the Chair-man shall cause the text of each such amend-ment to be made publicly available in elec-tronic form as provided in clause 2(e)(6) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
RULE 19 . PUBLIC INSPECTION OF COMMITTEE  
ROLLCALLS  
The result of each record vote in any meet-
ing of the Committee shall be made available by the Committee for inspection by the pub-lic at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee and also made publicly available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote pursuant to clause 2(e)(1)B(i) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives. Information so available shall include a description of the amendment, mo-tion, order, or other proposition and the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition and the names of those members present but not voting. 
RULE 20 . PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
AND OTHER INFORMATION  
(a) Except as provided in clause 2(g) of rule 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, all national security information bear-ing a classification of Confidential or higher which has been received by the Committee or a subcommittee shall be deemed to have been received in executive session and shall be given appropriate safekeeping. 
(b) The Chairman of the Committee shall, 
with the approval of a majority of the Com-mittee, establish such procedures as in his judgment may be necessary to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any national se-curity information that is received which is classified as Confidential or higher. Such procedures shall, however, ensure access to this information by any member of the Com-mittee or any other Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the House of Rep-resentatives, staff of the Committee, or staff designated under rule 9(c) who have the ap-propriate security clearances and the need to know, who has requested the opportunity to review such material. 
(c) The Chairman of the Committee shall, 
in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, establish such procedures as in his judgment may be necessary to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any proprietary information that is received by the Com-mittee, subcommittee, panel, or task force. Such procedures shall be consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives and applicable law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.044 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H573 January 26, 2015 
RULE 21 . COMMITTEE STAFFING  
The staffing of the Committee, the stand-
ing subcommittees, and any panel or task force designated by the Chairman or chair-men of the subcommittees shall be subject to the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 22 . COMMITTEE RECORDS  
The records of the Committee at the Na-
tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in ac-cordance with rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of rule VII, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any member of the Committee. 
RULE 23 . HEARING PROCEDURES  
Clause 2(k) of rule XI of the Rules of the 
House of Representatives shall apply to the Committee. 
RULE 24 . COMMITTEE ACTIVITY REPORTS  
Not later than January 2nd of each odd- 
numbered year the Committee shall submit to the House a report on its activities, pursu-ant to clause 1(d) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND  
SECURITY FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, January 22, 2014. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2(a) 
of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, I submit the Rules of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security for the 114th Congress for publication in the Congres-sional Record. On January 21, 2015, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security met in open session and adopted these Committee Rules by unanimous consent, a quorum being present. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
Enclosure. 
RULE I .—GENERAL PROVISIONS . 
(A) Applicability of the Rules of the U.S. 
House of Representatives. —The Rules of the 
U.S. House of Representatives (the ‘‘House’’) are the rules of the Committee on Homeland Security (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its sub-committees insofar as applicable. 
(B) Applicability to Subcommittees .—Except 
where the terms ‘‘Full Committee’’ and ‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically mentioned, the following rules shall apply to the Com-mittee’s subcommittees and their respective Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members to the same extent as they apply to the Full Committee and its Chairman and Ranking Minority Member. 
(C) Appointments by the Chairman .—Clause 
2(d) of Rule XI of the House shall govern the designation of a Vice Chairman of the Full Committee. 
(D) Recommendation of Conferees. —When-
ever the Speaker of the House is to appoint a conference committee on a matter within the jurisdiction of the Full Committee, the Chairman shall recommend to the Speaker of the House conferees from the Full Com-mittee. In making recommendations of Mi-nority Members as conferees, the Chairman shall do so with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-
mittee. 
(E) Motions to Disagree. —The Chairman is 
authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House when-ever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
(F) Committee Website. —The Chairman shall 
maintain an official Committee web site for the purposes of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, in-cluding communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members, other Members, and the public at large. The Ranking Minority Member may maintain a similar web site for the same pur-poses. The official Committee web site shall display a link on its home page to the web site maintained by the Ranking Minority Member. 
(G) Activity Report. —Not later than Janu-
ary 2 of each odd numbered year, the Com-mittee shall submit to the House a report on the activities of the Committee. After ad-journment sine die of the last regular session of a Congress, or after December 15 of an even-numbered year, whichever occurs first, the Chair may file the report with the Clerk at any time and without approval of the Committee provided that a copy of the re-port has been available to each Member of the Committee for at least seven calendar 
days and the report includes any supple-mental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Com-mittee. 
RULE II .—COMMITTEE PANELS . 
(A) Designation. —The Chairman of the Full 
Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, may designate a panel of the Committee consisting of Mem-bers of the Committee to inquire into and take testimony on a matter or matters that warrant enhanced consideration and to re-port to the Committee. 
(B) Duration. —No panel appointed by the 
Chairman shall continue in existence for more than six months after the appointment. 
(C) Party Ratios and Appointment. —The 
ratio of Majority to Minority Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, con-sistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, with all Majority mem-bers of the panels appointed by the Chairman of the Committee and all Minority members appointed by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. The Chairman of the Com-mittee shall choose one of the Majority Members so appointed who does not cur-rently chair another Subcommittee of the Committee to serve as Chairman of the panel. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall similarly choose the Rank-ing Minority Member of the panel. 
(D) Ex Officio Members. —The Chairman and 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Com-mittee may serve as ex-officio Members of each committee panel but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before a com-mittee panel and shall not be counted to sat-isfy the quorum requirement for any purpose other than taking testimony. 
(E) Jurisdiction. —No panel shall have legis-
lative jurisdiction. 
(F) Applicability of Committee Rules. —Any 
designated panel shall be subject to all Com-mittee Rules herein. 
RULE III .—SUBCOMMITTEES . 
(A) Generally. —The Full Committee shall 
be organized into the following six standing subcommittees and each shall have specific responsibility for such measures or matters as the Chairman refers to it: 
(1) Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and 
Intelligence; 
(2) Subcommittee on Border and Maritime 
Security; 
(3) Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infra-
structure Protection and Security Tech-nologies; (4) Subcommittee on Oversight and Man-
agement Efficiency; 
(5) Subcommittee on Transportation Secu-
rity; and 
(6) Subcommittee on Emergency Prepared-
ness, Response and Communications. 
(B) Selection and Ratio of Subcommittee Mem-
bers.—The Chairman and Ranking Minority 
Member of the Full Committee shall select their respective Members of each sub-committee. The ratio of Majority to Minor-ity Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, except that each subcommittee shall have at least two more Majority Members than Minority Members. 
(C) Ex Officio Members. —The Chairman and 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Com-mittee shall be ex officio members of each subcommittee but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before each sub-committee. The Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member of the Full Committee shall only be counted to satisfy the quorum re-quirement for the purpose of taking testi-mony and receiving evidence. 
(D) Powers and Duties of Subcommittees. — 
Except as otherwise directed by the Chair-man of the Full Committee, each sub-committee is authorized to meet, hold hear-ings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the Full Committee on all mat-ters within its purview. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chair-man of the Full Committee. To the greatest extent practicable, no more than one meet-ing and hearing should be scheduled for a given time. 
(E) Special Voting Provision. —If a tie vote 
occurs in a Subcommittee on the question of forwarding any measure to the Full Com-
mittee, the measure shall be placed on the agenda for Full Committee consideration as if it had been ordered reported by the Sub-committee without recommendation. 
RULE IV .—TIME OF MEETINGS . 
(A) Regular Meeting Date. —The regular 
meeting date and time for the transaction of business of the Full Committee shall be at 10:00 a.m. on the first Wednesday that the House is in Session each month, unless oth-erwise directed by the Chairman. 
(B) Additional Meetings. —At the discretion 
of the Chairman, additional meetings of the Committee may be scheduled for the consid-eration of any legislation or other matters pending before the Committee or to conduct other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purposes pursuant to the call of the Chairman. 
(C) Consideration. —Except in the case of a 
special meeting held under clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI, the determination of the business to be considered at each meeting of the Committee shall be made by the Chair-man. 
RULE V .—NOTICE AND PUBLICATION . 
(A) Notice. — 
(1) Hearings.—Pursuant to clause 2(g)(3) of 
rule XI of the Rules of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Chairman of the Com-mittee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing before the Full Committee or sub-committee, which may not commence earlier than one week after such notice. However, if the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Com-mittee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman shall make the an-nouncement at the earliest possible date. The names of all witnesses scheduled to ap-pear at such hearing shall be provided to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.046 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H574 January 26, 2015 
Members no later than 48 hours prior to the 
commencement of such hearing. 
(2) Meetings.—The date, time, place and 
subject matter of any meeting, which could be a briefing, other than a hearing or a regu-larly scheduled meeting, may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof except in the case of a special meeting called under clause 2(c)(2) of House Rule XI. These notice requirements may be waived if the Chairman with the con-currence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the meeting sooner or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business. 
(a) Copies of any measure or matter to be 
considered for approval by the Committee at any meeting, including any mark, print or amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be provided to the Members at least 48 hours in advance. Any substitute amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be provided to the Members at least 24 hours in advance. 
(b) At least 48 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of a measure or matter, the text of such measure or matter, including any mark, print or amendment in the nature of a substitute, shall be made publicly available in elec-tronic form and posted on the official Com-mittee web site. Any substitute amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be made publicly available in electronic form at least 24 hours prior to the commencement of a meeting for the markup of a measure or mat-ter. 
(c) Not later than 24 hours after concluding 
a meeting to consider a measure or matter, the text of such measure or matter as or-dered forwarded or reported, including any amendments adopted or defeated, shall be made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site. 
(3) Publication.—The meeting or hearing 
announcement shall be promptly published in the Daily Digest portion of the Congres-sional Record. To the greatest extent prac-ticable, meeting announcements shall be en-tered into the Committee scheduling service of the House Information Resources. 
RULE VI .—OPEN MEETINGS AND HEARINGS ; 
BROADCASTING . 
(A) Open Meetings. —All meetings and hear-
ings of the Committee shall be open to the public including to radio, television, and still photography coverage, except as pro-vided by Rule XI of the Rules of the House or when the Committee, in open session and with a majority present, determines by re-corded vote that all or part of the remainder of that hearing on that day shall be closed to the public because disclosure of testimony, evidence, or other matters to be considered would endanger the national security, com-promise sensitive law enforcement informa-tion, tend to defame, degrade or incriminate a witness, or violate any law or rule of the House of Representatives. 
(B) Broadcasting. —Whenever any hearing or 
meeting conducted by the Committee is open to the public, the Committee shall permit that hearing or meeting to be covered by tel-evision broadcast, internet broadcast, print media, and still photography, or by any of such methods of coverage, in accordance with the provisions of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. Operation and use of any Committee operated broadcast system shall be fair and nonpartisan and in accord-ance with clause 4(b) of Rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. Priority shall be given by the Com-mittee to members of the Press Galleries. Pursuant to clause 2(e) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the 
Committee shall, to the greatest extent practicable, provide audio and video cov-erage of each hearing or meeting in a man-ner that allows the public to easily listen to and view the proceedings and shall maintain the recordings of such coverage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. 
(C) Transcripts. —A transcript shall be made 
of the testimony of each witness appearing before the Committee during a Committee hearing. All transcripts of meetings or hear-ings that are open to the public shall be made available. 
RULE VII .—PROCEDURES FOR MEETINGS AND  
HEARINGS . 
(A) Opening Statements. —At any meeting of 
the Committee, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member shall be entitled to present oral opening statements of five minutes each. Other Members may submit written opening statements for the record. The Chairman presiding over the meeting may permit additional opening statements by other Members of the Full Committee or of that subcommittee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. 
(B) The Five-Minute Rule. —The time any 
one Member may address the Committee on any bill, motion, or other matter under con-sideration by the Committee shall not ex-ceed five minutes, and then only when the Member has been recognized by the Chair-man, except that this time limit may be ex-tended when permitted by unanimous con-sent. 
(C) Postponement of Vote. —The Chairman 
may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of ap-proving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed vote at any time, provided that all reasonable steps have been taken to notify Members of the resumption of such proceedings, including circulation of notice by the Clerk of the Committee, or other designee of the Chair. When pro-ceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying propo-sition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
(D) Contempt Procedures. —No recommenda-
tion that a person be cited for contempt of Congress shall be forwarded to the House un-less and until the Full Committee has, upon notice to all its Members, met and consid-ered the alleged contempt. The person to be cited for contempt shall be afforded, upon notice of at least 72 hours, an opportunity to state why he or she should not be held in contempt prior to a vote of the Full Com-mittee, with a quorum being present, on the question whether to forward such rec-ommendation to the House. Such statement shall be, in the discretion of the Chairman, either in writing or in person before the Full Committee. 
(E) Record. —Members may have 10 business 
days to submit to the Chief Clerk of the Committee their statements for the record, and, in the case of a hearing, additional questions for the hearing record to be di-rected towards a witness at the hearing. 
RULE VIII .—WITNESSES . 
(A) Questioning of Witnesses. — 
(1) Questioning of witnesses by Members 
will be conducted under the five- minute rule unless the Committee adopts a motion per-mitted by clause 2(j)(2) of House Rule XI. 
(2) In questioning witnesses under the five- 
minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall first be recognized. In a subcommittee meeting or hearing, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee are then recognized. All other Members who are present before the 
commencement of the meeting or hearing will be recognized in the order of seniority on the Committee, alternating between Ma-jority and Minority Members. Committee 
Members arriving after the commencement of the hearing shall be recognized in order of appearance, alternating between Majority and Minority Members, after all Members present at the beginning of the hearing have been recognized. Each Member shall be rec-ognized at least once before any Member is given a second opportunity to question a witness. 
(3) The Chairman, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-mittee by motion, may permit an extension of the period of questioning of a witness be-yond five minutes but the time allotted must be equally apportioned to the Majority party and the Minority and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
(4) The Chairman, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Com-mittee by motion, may permit Committee staff of the Majority and Minority to ques-tion a witness for a specified period of time, but the time allotted must be equally appor-tioned to the Majority and Minority staff and may not exceed one hour in the aggre-gate. 
(B) Minority Witnesses. —Whenever a hear-
ing is conducted by the Committee upon any measure or matter, the Minority party Mem-bers on the Committee shall be entitled, upon request to the Chairman by a majority of those Minority Members before the com-pletion of such hearing, to call witnesses se-lected by the Minority to testify with re-spect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. 
(C) Oath or Affirmation. —The Chairman of 
the Committee or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. 
(D) Statements by Witnesses.— (1) Consistent with the notice given, and to 
the greatest extent practicable, witnesses shall submit a prepared or written statement for the record of the proceedings (including, where practicable, an electronic copy) with the Clerk of the Committee no less than 48 hours in advance of the witness’s appearance before the Committee. Unless the 48 hour re-quirement is waived or otherwise modified by the Chairman, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the failure to comply with this requirement may result in the exclusion of the written testimony from the hearing record and/or the barring of an oral presentation of the testimony. The Clerk of the Committee shall provide any such prepared or written statement sub-mitted to the Clerk prior to the hearing to the Members of the Committee prior to the commencement of the hearing. 
(2) In the case of a witness appearing in a 
non-governmental capacity, a written state-ment of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vita and a disclosure of any Fed-eral grants or contracts, or contracts or pay-ments originating with a foreign govern-ment, received during the current calendar year or either of the two preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity rep-resented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. Such disclo-sures shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing, and the amount and country of origin of any pay-ment or contract related to the subject mat-ter jurisdiction of the hearing originating with a foreign government. Such statements, with the appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.028 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H575 January 26, 2015 
not later than one day after the witness ap-
pears. 
RULE IX .—QUORUM . 
Quorum Requirements. —Two Members shall 
constitute a quorum for purposes of taking testimony and receiving evidence. One-third of the Members of the Committee shall con-stitute a quorum for conducting business, ex-cept for (1) reporting a measure or rec-ommendation; (2) closing Committee meet-ings to the public, pursuant to Committee Rule IV; (3) any other action for which an ac-tual majority quorum is required by any rule of the House of Representatives or by law. The Chairman’s staff shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member’s staff when scheduling meetings and hearings, to ensure that a quorum for any purpose will include at least one Minority Member of the Com-mittee. 
RULE X .—DECORUM . 
(A) Breaches of Decorum. —The Chairman 
may punish breaches of order and decorum, by censure and exclusion from the hearing; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House for contempt. 
(B) Access to Dais. —Access to the dais be-
fore, during, and after a hearing, markup, or other meeting of the Committee shall be limited to Members and staff of the Com-mittee. Subject to availability of space on the dais, Committee Members’ personal staff may be present on the dais during a hearing if their employing Member is seated on the dais and during a markup or other meeting if their employing Member is the author of a measure or amendment under consideration by the Committee, but only during the time that the measure or amendment is under ac-tive consideration by the Committee, or oth-erwise at the discretion of the Chairman, or of the Ranking Minority Member for per-sonal staff employed by a Minority Member. 
(C) Wireless Communications Use Prohib-
ited.—During a hearing, mark-up, or other 
meeting of the Committee, ringing or audi-ble sounds or conversational use of cellular telephones or other electronic devices is pro-hibited in the Committee room. 
RULE XI .—REFERRALS TO SUBCOMMITTEES . 
Referral of Bills and Other Matters by Chair-
man.—Except for bills and other matters re-
tained by the Chairman for Full Committee consideration, each bill or other matter re-ferred to the Full Committee shall be re-ferred by the Chairman to one or more sub-committees within two weeks of receipt by the Committee. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Full Committee. Bills or other matters referred to sub-committees may be reassigned or discharged by the Chairman. 
RULE XII .—SUBPOENAS . 
(A) Authorization. —The power to authorize 
and issue subpoenas is delegated to the Chairman of the Full Committee, as pro-vided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives. The Chairman shall notify the Rank-ing Minority Member prior to issuing any subpoena under such authority. To the ex-tent practicable, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member at least 24 hours in advance of a subpoena being issued under such authority, excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and Federal holidays. The Chairman of the Full Committee shall notify Members of the Committee of the authoriza-tion and issuance of a subpoena under this rule as soon as practicable, but in no event later than one week after service of such subpoena. 
(B) Disclosure. —Provisions may be included 
in a subpoena with the concurrence of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member 
of the Full Committee, or by the Committee, to prevent the disclosure of the Full Com-mittee’s demands for information when deemed necessary for the security of infor-mation or the progress of an investigation, including but not limited to prohibiting the revelation by witnesses and their counsel of Full Committee’s inquiries. 
(C) Subpoena duces tecum. —A subpoena 
duces tecum may be issued whose return to the Committee Clerk shall occur at a time and place other than that of a regularly scheduled meeting. 
RULE XIII .—COMMITTEE STAFF . 
(A) Generally. —Committee staff members 
are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of House Rule X and must be eligible to be con-sidered for routine access to classified infor-mation. 
(B) Staff Assignments. —For purposes of 
these rules, Committee staff means the em-ployees of the Committee, detailees, fellows, or any other person engaged by contract or otherwise to perform services for, or at the request of, the Committee. All such persons shall be either Majority, Minority, or shared staff. The Chairman shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Majority staff. The Ranking Minority Member shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Minority staff. In consulta-tion with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman may appoint, supervise, determine remuneration of and may remove shared staff that is assigned to service of the Com-mittee. The Chairman shall certify Com-mittee staff appointments, including ap-pointments by the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, as required. 
(C) Divulgence of Information. —Prior to the 
public acknowledgement by the Chairman or the Committee of a decision to initiate an investigation of a particular person, entity, or subject, no member of the Committee staff shall knowingly divulge to any person any information, including non-classified in-formation, which comes into his or her pos-session by virtue of his or her status as a member of the Committee staff, if the mem-ber of the Committee staff has a reasonable expectation that such information may alert the subject of a Committee investigation to the existence, nature, or substance of such investigation, unless authorized to do so by the Chairman or the Committee. 
RULE XIV .—COMMITTEE MEMBER AND  
COMMITTEE STAFF TRAVEL . 
(A) Approval of Travel .—Consistent with 
the primary expense resolution and such ad-ditional expense resolutions as may have been approved, travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the Committee for any Committee Member or Committee staff shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Committee Member or Committee staff only in connection with of-ficial Committee business, such as the at-tendance of hearings conducted by the Com-mittee and meetings, conferences, site visits, and investigations that involve activities or subject matters under the general jurisdic-tion of the Full Committee. 
(1) Proposed Travel by Majority Party Com-
mittee Members and Committee Staff .—In the 
case of proposed travel by Majority party Committee Members or Committee staff, be-fore such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writing the following: (a) the purpose of the travel; (b) the dates during which the travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made; (c) the loca-tion of the event for which the travel is to be made; (d) the estimated total cost of the travel; and (e) the names of Members and 
staff seeking authorization. On the basis of that information, the Chairman shall deter-mine whether the proposed travel is for offi-cial Committee business, concerns a subject matter under the jurisdiction of the Full Committee, and is not excessively costly in view of the Committee business proposed to be conducted. 
(2) Proposed Travel by Minority Party Com-
mittee Members and Committee Staff. —In the 
case of proposed travel by Minority party Committee Members or Committee staff, the Ranking Minority Member shall provide to the Chairman a written representation set-ting forth the information specified in items (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of subparagraph (1) and his or her determination that such trav-el complies with the other requirements of subparagraph (1). 
(B) Foreign Travel. —Committee Member 
and Committee staff requests for foreign travel must include a written representation setting forth the information specified in items (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of subparagraph (A)(1) and be submitted to the Chairman and, absent extenuating circumstances, to the Ranking Minority Member, not fewer than ten business days prior to the start of the travel. Within thirty days of the conclusion of any such foreign travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the Chairman a written report summarizing the information gained as a result of the travel in question, or other Committee objectives served by such travel. The requirements of this section may be waived or abridged by the Chairman. 
(C) Compliance with Committee Travel Policy 
and Guidelines. —Travel must be in accord-
ance with the Committee Travel Policy and Guidelines, as well as with House Rules, the Travel Guidelines and Regulations and any additional guidance set forth by the Com-mittee on Ethics and the Committee on House Administration. Committee Members and staff shall follow these rules, policies, guidelines, and regulations in requesting and proceeding with any Committee-related travel. 
RULE XV .—CLASSIFIED AND CONTROLLED  
UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION . 
(A) Security Precautions. —Committee staff 
offices, including Majority and Minority of-fices, shall operate under strict security pre-cautions administered by the Security Offi-cer of the Committee. A security officer shall be on duty at all times during normal office hours. Classified documents and con-
trolled unclassified information (CUI)—for-merly known as sensitive but unclassified (SBU) information—may be destroyed, dis-cussed, examined, handled, reviewed, stored, transported and used only in an appro-priately secure manner in accordance with all applicable laws, executive orders, and other governing authorities. Such documents may be removed from the Committee’s of-fices only in furtherance of official Com-mittee business. Appropriate security proce-dures, as determined by the Chairman in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall govern the handling of such documents removed from the Committee’s offices. 
(B) Temporary Custody of Executive Branch 
Material. —Executive branch documents or 
other materials containing classified infor-mation in any form that were not made part of the record of a Committee hearing, did not originate in the Committee or the House, and are not otherwise records of the Com-mittee shall, while in the custody of the Committee, be segregated and maintained by the Committee in the same manner as Com-mittee records that are classified. Such doc-uments and other materials shall be re-turned to the Executive branch agency from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.029 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H576 January 26, 2015 
which they were obtained at the earliest 
practicable time. 
(C) Access by Committee Staff. —Access to 
classified information supplied to the Com-mittee shall be limited to Committee staff members with appropriate security clear-ances and a need-to-know, as determined by the Chairman or Ranking Minority Member, and under the direction of the Majority or Minority Staff Directors. 
(D) Maintaining Confidentiality. —No Com-
mittee Member or Committee staff shall dis-close, in whole or in part or by way of sum-mary, to any person who is not a Committee Member or authorized Committee staff for any purpose or in connection with any pro-ceeding, judicial or otherwise, any testimony given before the Committee in executive ses-sion except for purposes of obtaining an offi-cial classification of such testimony. Classi-fied information and controlled unclassified information (CUI) shall be handled in accord-ance with all applicable laws, executive or-ders, and other governing authorities and consistently with the provisions of these rules and Committee procedures. 
(E) Oath. —Before a Committee Member or 
Committee staff may have access to classi-fied information, the following oath (or affir-mation) shall be executed: 
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose any classified information re-ceived in the course of my service on the Committee on Homeland Security, except as authorized by the Committee or the House of Representatives or in accordance with the Rules of such Committee or the Rules of the House. 
Copies of the executed oath (or affirma-
tion) shall be retained by the Clerk of the Committee as part of the records of the Com-mittee. 
(F) Disciplinary Action. —The Chairman 
shall immediately consider disciplinary ac-tion in the event any Committee Member or Committee staff member fails to conform to the provisions of these rules governing the disclosure of classified or unclassified infor-mation. Such disciplinary action may in-clude, but shall not be limited to, immediate dismissal from the Committee staff, criminal referral to the Justice Department, and noti-fication of the Speaker of the House. With respect to Minority staff, the Chairman shall consider such disciplinary action in con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber. 
RULE XVI .—COMMITTEE RECORDS . 
(A) Committee Records. —Committee Records 
shall constitute all data, charts and files in possession of the Committee and shall be maintained in accordance with clause 2(e) of House Rule XI. 
(B) Legislative Calendar. —The Clerk of the 
Committee shall maintain a printed calendar for the information of each Committee Mem-ber showing any procedural or legislative measures considered or scheduled to be con-sidered by the Committee, and the status of such measures and such other matters as the Committee determines shall be included. The calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. A copy of such re-visions shall be made available to each Mem-ber of the Committee upon request. 
(C) Members Right To Access. —Members of 
the Committee and of the House shall have access to all official Committee Records. Ac-cess to Committee files shall be limited to examination within the Committee offices at reasonable times. Access to Committee Records that contain classified information shall be provided in a manner consistent with these rules. 
(D) Removal of Committee Records. —Files 
and records of the Committee are not to be removed from the Committee offices. No Committee files or records that are not made 
publicly available shall be photocopied by any Member. 
(E) Executive Session Records. —Evidence or 
testimony received by the Committee in ex-ecutive session shall not be released or made available to the public unless agreed to by the Committee. Such information may be made available to appropriate government personnel for purposes of classification. Such information Members may examine the Com-mittee’s executive session records, but may not make copies of, or take personal notes from, such records. 
(F) Availability of Committee Records. —The 
Committee shall keep a complete record of all Committee action including recorded votes and attendance at hearings and meet-ings. Information so available for public in-spection shall include a description of each amendment, motion, order, or other propo-sition, including the name of the Member who offered the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against each such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, as well as the names of those Members present but not voting. Such record shall be made available to the public at reasonable times within the Committee offices and also made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site within 48 hours of such record vote. 
(G) Separate and Distinct. —All Committee 
records and files must be kept separate and distinct from the office records of the Mem-bers serving as Chairman and Ranking Mi-nority Member. Records and files of Mem-bers’ personal offices shall not be considered records or files of the Committee. 
(H) Disposition of Committee Records. —At 
the conclusion of each Congress, non-current records of the Committee shall be delivered to the Archivist of the United States in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. 
(I) Archived Records. —The records of the 
Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made avail-able for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the Rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any member of the Committee. The Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member on any communication from the Archivist of the United States or the Clerk of the House con-cerning the disposition of noncurrent records pursuant to clause 3(b) of the Rule. 
RULE XVII .—COMMITTEE RULES . 
(A) Availability of Committee Rules in Elec-
tronic Form. —Pursuant to clause 2(a) of rule 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee shall make its rules publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site and shall submit such rules for publication in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Chairman of the Committee is elected in each odd-numbered year. 
(B) Changes to Committee Rules. —These 
rules may be modified, amended, or repealed by the Full Committee provided that a no-tice in writing of the proposed change has been given to each Member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken and such changes are not in-consistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 
2(a)(2) of House of Representatives Rule XI, I am submitting the Committee on the Judi-ciary’s Rules of Procedure for publication in the Congressional Record. These rules were adopted by a vote of the Committee on Janu-ary 21, 2015. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
Rule I. The Rules of the House of Rep-
resentatives are the rules of the Committee on the Judiciary and its Subcommittees with the following specific additions thereto. 
RULE II . COMMITTEE MEETINGS  
(a) The regular meeting day of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary for the conduct of its business shall be on Wednesday of each week while the House is in session. 
(b) Additional meetings may be called by 
the Chairman and a regular meeting of the Committee may be dispensed with when, in the judgment of the Chairman, there is no need therefor. 
(c) The Chairman shall furnish each Mem-
ber of the Committee or Subcommittee with the date, place, and a list of bills and sub-jects to be considered at a Committee or Subcommittee meeting, which may not com-mence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof (excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays and legal holidays when the House is not in session). 
(d) At least 48 hours prior to the com-
mencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, the text of such legislation shall be made publicly available in electronic form. 
(e) In an emergency that does not reason-
ably allow for the notice as requirements in (c) and (d), the Chairman may waive the no-tice requirements with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. 
(f) To the maximum extent practicable, 
amendments to a measure or matter shall be submitted in writing or electronically to the designee of both the Chairman and Ranking Member at least 24 hours prior to the consid-eration of the measure or matter. The Chair-man may use his discretion to give priority to amendments submitted in advance. 
(g) Committee and Subcommittee meet-
ings for the transaction of business, i.e. meetings other than those held for the pur-pose of taking testimony, shall be open to the public except when the Committee or Subcommittee determines by majority vote to close the meeting because disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger na-tional security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, degrade or incriminate any per-son or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House. 
(h) Every motion made to the Committee 
and entertained by the Chairman shall be re-duced to writing upon demand, of any Mem-ber, and a copy made available to each Mem-ber present. 
(i) For purposes of taking any action at a 
meeting of the full Committee or any Sub-committee thereof for which a majority is not required, a quorum shall be constituted by the presence of not less than one-third of the Members of the Committee or Sub-committee, respectively. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.030 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H577 January 26, 2015 
(j)(1) Subject to subparagraph (2), the 
Chairman may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the ques-tion of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed request at any time. 
(2) In exercising postponement authority 
under subparagraph (1), the Chairman shall take all reasonable steps necessary to notify Members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. 
(3) When proceedings resume on a post-
poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
(k) Transcripts of markups shall be re-
corded and may be published in the same manner as hearings before the Committee. 
(l) Without further action of the Com-
mittee, the Chairman is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Representatives when-ever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
RULE III . HEARINGS  
(a) The Committee Chairman or any Sub-
committee Chairman shall make public an-nouncement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted by it on any measure or matter at least one week before the commencement of that hearing. If the Chairman of the Committee, or Sub-committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee or Subcommittee so deter-mines by majority vote, a quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman or Subcommittee Chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest pos-sible date. 
(b) Committee and Subcommittee hearings 
shall be open to the public except when the Committee or Subcommittee determines by majority vote to close the meeting because disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger national security, would com-promise sensitive law enforcement informa-tion, or would tend to defame, degrade or in-criminate any person or otherwise would vio-
late any law or rule of the House. 
(c) For purposes of taking testimony and 
receiving evidence before the Committee or any Subcommittee, a quorum shall be con-stituted by the presence of two Members. 
(d) In the course of any hearing each Mem-
ber shall be allowed five minutes for the in-terrogation of a witness until such time as each Member who so desires has had an op-portunity to question the witness. 
(e) The transcripts of those hearings con-
ducted by the Committee which are decided to be printed shall be published in verbatim form, with the material requested for the record inserted at that place requested, or at the end of the record, as appropriate. Indi-viduals, including Members of Congress, whose comments are to be published as part of a Committee document shall be given the opportunity to verify the accuracy of the transcription in advance of publication. Any requests by those Members, staff or wit-nesses to correct any errors other than er-rors in the transcription, or disputed errors in transcription, shall be appended to the record, and the appropriate place where the change is requested will be footnoted. Prior to approval by the Chairman of hearings con-ducted jointly with another congressional Committee, a memorandum of under-standing shall be prepared which incor-porates an agreement for the publication of the verbatim transcript. 
RULE IV . SUBPOENAS  
(a) A subpoena may be authorized and 
issued by the Chairman, in accordance with clause 2(m) of rule XI of the House of Rep-
resentatives, in the conduct of any investiga-tion or activity or series of investigations or activities within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, following consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. 
(b) In addition, a subpoena may be author-
ized and issued by the Committee or its Sub-committees in accordance with clause 2(m) of rule XI of the House of Representatives, in the conduct of any investigation or activity or series of investigations or activities, when authorized by a majority of the Members voting, a majority of the Committee or Sub- committee being present. Authorized sub-poenas shall be signed by the Chairman or by any Member designated by the Committee. 
(c) At least two business days before 
issuing any subpoena pursuant to subsection (a), the Chair shall consult with the Ranking Member regarding the authorization and issuance of such subpoena, and the Chair shall provide a full copy of the proposed sub-poena, including any proposed document schedule, at that time. 
(d) The requirements of subsection (c) may 
be waived in the event of an emergency that does not reasonably allow for advance writ-ten notice. 
RULE V . BROADCASTING  
Whenever a hearing or meeting conducted 
by the Committee or any Subcommittee is open to the public, those proceedings shall be open to coverage by television, radio and still photography subject to the require-ments of clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE VI . STANDING SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) The full Committee shall have jurisdic-
tion over: copyright, and other such matters as determined by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
(b) There shall be five standing Sub-
committees of the Committee on the Judici-ary, with jurisdictions as follows: 
The Subcommittee on the Constitution 
and Civil Justice shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: constitutional amendments, constitutional rights, Federal civil rights, claims against the United States, non-immigration private claims bills, ethics in government, tort liability, in-cluding medical malpractice and product li-ability, legal reform generally, other appro-priate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
The Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual 
Property, and the Internet shall have juris-diction over the following subject matters: Administration of U.S. Courts, Federal Rules of Evidence, Civil and Appellate Procedure, judicial ethics, patent and trademark law, information technology, other appropriate matters as referred to by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
The Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, 
Homeland Security, and Investigations shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: Federal Criminal Code, drug en-forcement, sentencing, parole and pardons, internal and homeland security, Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, prisons, crimi-nal law enforcement, and other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
The Subcommittee on Immigration and 
Border Security shall have jurisdiction over the following subject matters: immigration and naturalization, border security, admis-sion of refugees, treaties, conventions and international agreements, Federal charters of incorporation, private immigration bills, non-border immigration enforcement, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chair-man, and relevant oversight. 
The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, 
Commercial and Antitrust Law shall have jurisdiction over the following subject mat-
ters: bankruptcy and commercial law, bank-ruptcy judgeships, administrative law, inde-pendent counsel, state taxation affecting interstate commerce, interstate compacts, antitrust matters, other appropriate matters as referred by the Chairman, and relevant oversight. 
(c) The Chairman of the Committee and 
Ranking Minority Member thereof shall be ex officio Members, but not voting Members, of each Subcommittee to which such Chair-man or Ranking Minority Member has not been assigned by resolution of the Com-mittee. Ex officio Members shall not be counted as present for purposes of consti-tuting a quorum at any hearing or meeting of such Subcommittee. 
RULE VII . POWERS AND DUTIES OF  
SUBCOMMITTEES  
Each Subcommittee is authorized to meet, 
hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it or under its jurisdiction. Subcommittee chairmen shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their respective Subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman and other Subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of full Committee and Subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. 
RULE VIII . NON-LEGISLATIVE REPORTS  
No report of the Committee or Sub-
committee which does not accompany a measure or matter for consideration by the House shall be published unless all Members of the Committee or Subcommittee issuing the report shall have been apprised of such report and given the opportunity to give no-tice of intention to file supplemental, addi-tional, or dissenting views as part of the re-port. In no case shall the time in which to file such views be less than three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and legal holidays when the House is not in ses-sion). 
RULE IX . COMMITTEE RECORDS  
The records of the Committee at the Na-
tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use ac-cording to the Rules of the House. The Chair-man shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any Member of the Committee. 
RULE X . OFFICIAL COMMITTEE WEBSITE  
(a) The Chairman shall maintain an offi-
cial website on behalf of the Committee for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s 
legislative and oversight responsibilities, in-cluding communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members and other Members of the House. 
(b) The Chairman shall make the record of 
the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded in the full Committee available on the Committee’s official website not later than 48 hours after such vote is taken. Such record shall identify or describe the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of the Members voting present. 
(c) Not later than 24 hours after the adop-
tion of any amendment to a measure or mat-ter considered by the Committee or its Sub-committees, the Chairman shall make the text of each such amendment publicly avail-able in electronic form. 
(d) Not later than 3 days after the conclu-
sion of a Committee meeting, the transcript of such meeting and the text of all amend-ments offered shall be made available on the Committee website. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.020 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H578 January 26, 2015 
(e) The Ranking Member is authorized to 
maintain a similar official website on behalf of the Committee Minority for the same pur-pose, including communicating information about the activities of the Minority to Com-
mittee Members and other Members of the House. ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now 
adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-
morrow, Tuesday, January 27, 2015, at noon. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quar-
ter of 2014, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES, QATAR, SAUDI ARABIA, AND IRAQ, EXPE NDED BETWEEN DEC. 12 AND DEC. 
17, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Kevin McCarthy ............................................... 12 /13 12 /14 UAE ............................................ ........... .................... 898.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 898.30 
12 /14 12 /14 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ............... ..... (3) 
12 /14 12 /15 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 459.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 459.10 
12 /15 12 /16 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 11.00 
Hon. Rodney Frelinghuysen ..................................... 12 /13 12 /14 UAE ................................................ ....... .................... 898.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 898.30 
12 /14 12 /14 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ............... ..... (3) 
12 /14 12 /15 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 459.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 459.10 
12 /15 12 /16 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 11.00 
Hon. Devin Nunes .................................................... 12 /13 12 /14 UAE .......................................... ............. .................... 898.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 898.30 
12 /14 12 /14 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ............... ..... (3) 
12 /14 12 /15 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 459.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 459.10 
12 /15 12 /16 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 11.00 
Hon. Mac Thornberry ............................................... 12 /13 12 /14 UAE ............................................ ........... .................... 898.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 898.30 
12 /14 12 /14 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ............... ..... (3) 
12 /14 12 /15 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 459.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 459.10 
12 /15 12 /16 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 11.00 
Robert Karem ........................................................... 12 /13 12 /14 UAE ....................................... ................ .................... 898.30 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 898.30 
12 /14 12 /14 Qatar ..................................................... .................... .................... ............... ..... (3) 
12 /14 12 /15 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 459.10 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 459.10 
12 /15 12 /16 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 11.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 11.00 
Committee Total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 6,842.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 6,842.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY, Jan. 16, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1  AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Jan. 20, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, Jan. 15, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWE EN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER, Chairman, Jan. 7, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.021 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H579 January 26, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Jan. 22, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON RULES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND D EC. 21, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. PETE SESSIONS, Chairman, Jan. 5, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 
AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. BILL SHUSTER, Chairman, Jan. 14, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, SELECT COMMITTEE ON THE EVENTS SURROUNDING THE 2012 TERRORIST ATTACK IN BEN GHAZI, HOUSE OF 
REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2014 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Jan. 7, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
120. A letter from the FSA Regulatory Re-
view Group, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Marketing Assistance Loans, Loan Defi-ciency Payments, and Sugar Loans (RIN: 0560-AI28) received January 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
121. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRA, OCC, Department of the Treas-ury, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Subordinated Debt Issued by a National Bank [Docket ID: OCC-2014-0024] (RIN: 1557-AD73) received January 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
122. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRAD, OCC, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Regulatory Capital Rules, Liquidity Coverage Ratio: Interim Final Re-visions to the Definition of Qualifying Mas-ter Netting Agreement and Related Defini-tions [Docket ID: OCC-2014-0028] (RIN: 1557- AD91) received January 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
123. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRAD, OCC, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s joint final rule — Community Reinvestment Act Regulations [Docket ID: OCC-2014-0026] (RIN: 1557-AD89) received January 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
124. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRAD, OCC, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold Ad-justment [Docket No.: OCC-2014-0027] (RIN: 1557-AD90) received January 14, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Financial Services. 
125. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media 
Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.622(i), Post- Transition Table of DTV Allotments, Tele-vision Broadcast Stations (Dayton, OH) [MB Docket No.: 14-159] [RM-11735] received Janu-ary 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
126. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-462, ‘‘License to Carry a Pistol Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform. 
127. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-537, ‘‘Pepco Cost- Sharing Fund for DC PLUG Establishment Temporary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
128. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-536, ‘‘Grandparent Caregivers Program Subsidy Transfer Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
129. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-490, ‘‘Grocery Store Restrictive Covenant Prohibition Temporary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
130. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-505, ‘‘Inspector General Qualifications Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
131. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-506, ‘‘District Government Certificate of Good Standing Filing Requirement Temporary Amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.018 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H580 January 26, 2015 
Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. 
132. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-555, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
133. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-475, ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Incentive Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
134. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-522, ‘‘Standard Deduction Withholding Clarification Tem-porary Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
135. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-588, ‘‘Trauma Technologists Licensure Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
136. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-499, ‘‘Metropoli-tan Police Department Commencement of Discipline and Command Staff Appointment Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
137. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-498, ‘‘Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System Conformity Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
138. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-494, ‘‘St. Mat-thews Evangelical Lutheran Church Commu-nity Garden Equitable Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
139. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-500, ‘‘Douglas Knoll, Golden Rule, 1728 W Street, and Wag-ner Gainesville Real Property Tax Exemp-tion Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
140. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-463, ‘‘Zion Baptist Church Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
141. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-466, ‘‘Bishop Iola B. Cunningham Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
142. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-484, ‘‘Commission on Health Disparities Establishment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
143. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-467, ‘‘Civil Mar-riage Dissolution Equality Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
144. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-485, ‘‘Disposition of District Land for Affordable Housing Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
145. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-468, ‘‘Nap Turner Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Com-
mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
146. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-488, ‘‘Special Edu-cation Quality Improvement Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
147. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-483, ‘‘Food Policy Council and Director Establishment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
148. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-474, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Expansion Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
149. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-491, ‘‘Retirement Technical Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
150. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-487, ‘‘Enhanced Special Education Services Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
151. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-495, ‘‘Transaction Modernization Electronic Delivery or Post-ing Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
152. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-471, ‘‘N Street Village Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
153. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-496, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of the Public Alley System Square 368, S.O. 13-09586, Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
154. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-469, ‘‘Stroke Sys-tem of Care Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
155. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-497, ‘‘Captive In-surance Company Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
156. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-470, ‘‘Record Seal-ing Decriminalized and Legalized Offenses Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
157. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-493, ‘‘Truth in Af-fordability Reporting Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
158. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-489, ‘‘Vehicle-for- Hire Innovation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
159. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-472, ‘‘Solid Waste Facility Permit Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
160. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-473, ‘‘Repeal of 
Prostitution Free Zones and Drug Free Zones Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
161. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-486, ‘‘Special Edu-cation Student Rights Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
162. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-470, ‘‘Record Seal-ing Decriminalized and Legalized Offenses Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
163. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-482, ‘‘Affordable Homeownership Preservation and Equity Ac-cumulation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
164. A letter from the Assistant Director, 
Senior Executive Management Office, De-partment of Defense, transmitting two re-ports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Re-form Act of 1998; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
165. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Steller Sea Lion Protection Measures for the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Groundfish Fisheries Off Alaska [Dock-et No.: 140304195-4947-02] (RIN: 0648-BE06) re-ceived January 15, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
166. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0257; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-012-AD; Amendment 39-18051; AD 2014-25-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
167. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Alpha Aviation Concept Limited Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0759; Direc-torate Identifier 2014-CE-028-AD; Amendment 39-18052; AD 2014-26-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
168. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0566; Directorate Identifier 
2014-NM-041-AD; Amendment 39-18050; AD 2014-25-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
169. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0448; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-055- AD; Amendment 39-18048; AD 2014-25-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
170. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JA7.000 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H581 January 26, 2015 
2014-0453; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-205- 
AD; Amendment 39-18049; AD 2014-25-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
171. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0057; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-210-AD; Amendment 39-18044; AD 2014-25-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
172. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pilatus Aircraft Limited Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0717; Directorate Identifier 2014-CE-026-AD; Amendment 39- 18045; AD 2014-25-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
173. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0053; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-174-AD; Amendment 39-18047; AD 2014-25-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
174. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2013-1029; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-177-AD; Amendment 39-18042; AD 2014-25-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
175. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Re-stricted Area Boundary Descriptions; Cape Canaveral, FL [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0875; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-13] (RIN: 2120- AA66) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
176. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0450; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-250-AD; Amendment 39-18037; AD 2014-24-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
177. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. (Agusta) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2008-0256; Directorate Identifier 2007- SW-01-AD; Amendment 39- 18046; AD 2008-14-02 R1] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived January 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
178. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0567; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-124-AD; Amendment 39-18043; AD 2014-25-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 
12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SESSIONS: House Committee on 
Rules. House Resolution 48. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expedited approval of expor-tation of natural gas, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–5). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self and Mr. C HABOT ): 
H.R. 522. A bill to establish a commission 
to conduct a comprehensive review over 6 years of Federal agencies and programs and to recommend the elimination or realign-ment of duplicative, wasteful, or outdated functions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself and 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts): 
H.R. 523. A bill to aid and support pediatric 
involvement in reading and education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for 
himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
KING of Iowa, Mr. N UNNELEE , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B UR-
GESS, Mr. C OOK, Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. 
LOVE, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. G UINTA , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
POMPEO , and Mr. H UDSON ): 
H.R. 524. A bill to prohibit the Federal 
Government from mandating, incentivizing, or coercing States to adopt the Common Core State Standards or any other specific academic standards, instructional content, curricula, assessments, or programs of in-struction; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. 
P
OLIS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. A MASH , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
GABBARD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C LAY, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
PETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
LABRADOR , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G RI-JALVA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
YOUNG of Indiana, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
MULVANEY , and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 525. A bill to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act to exclude industrial hemp from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and 
Mr. M
ARINO ): 
H.R. 526. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to require the public dis-closure by trusts established under section 524(g) of such title, of quarterly reports that contain detailed information regarding the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos; and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. 
G
OODLATTE , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C OLLINS  
of Georgia, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
KNIGHT ): 
H.R. 527. A bill to amend chapter 6 of title 
5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. BENISHEK (for himself, Mr. 
N
UNNELEE , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michi-
gan, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. K INZINGER  
of Illinois, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
WALBERG , and Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York): 
H.R. 528. A bill to direct Federal public 
land management officials to exercise their authority under existing law to facilitate use of and access to Federal public lands for fish-ing, sport hunting, and recreational shoot-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. K
IND): 
H.R. 529. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 530. A bill to reduce the amount of 
foreign assistance to Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador based on the 
number of unaccompanied alien children who are nationals or citizens of such countries and who in the preceding fiscal year are placed in Federal custody by reason of their immigration status; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. H IG-
GINS, and Mr. K INGof New York): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JA7.000 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H582 January 26, 2015 
H.R. 531. A bill to prioritize funding for the 
National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to re-store the purchasing power the NIH had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. B EYER , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. F ATTAH , 
and Mr. H OYER ): 
H.R. 532. A bill to provide that 6 of the 12 
weeks of parental leave made available to a Federal employee shall be paid leave, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committee on House Administra-
tion, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. C
OLE, 
and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): 
H.R. 533. A bill to revoke the charter of in-
corporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG  
of Indiana, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. B OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 534. A bill to authorize a State or a 
portion of a State to conduct a demonstra-tion project designed to test methods of pro-gram integration and coordination of serv-ices with the goals of moving individuals and families towards self-sufficiency, reducing welfare dependence, and increasing work and earnings; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Financial Services, and Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 535. A bill to award a Congressional 
gold medal, collectively, to the Filipino Vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. WOMACK: 
H.R. 536. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to approve waiv-ers under the Medicaid Program under title XIX of the Social Security Act that are re-lated to State provider taxes that exempt certain retirement communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WOMACK (for himself, Mr. 
C
RAWFORD , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il-
linois, Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. 
RIBBLE ): 
H.R. 537. A bill to require any communica-
tion using Federal funds to advertise or edu-cate the public on certain provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act 
and the Healthcare and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010 to state that such commu-nication was produced at taxpayer expense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 538. A bill to facilitate the develop-
ment of energy on Indian lands by reducing Federal regulations that impede tribal devel-opment of Indian lands, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.J. Res. 26. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of years Representatives and Senators may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself and Mr. 
I
SRAEL ): 
H. Con. Res. 9. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of re-membrance of victims of the Holocaust; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. DEUTCH (for himself, Mr. 
E
NGEL , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. I SRAEL ): 
H. Res. 49. A resolution honoring the vic-
tims of the Holocaust, commending coun-tries and organizations for marking the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz, and expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives to strengthen the fight against anti-Semitism, bigotry, and intoler-ance; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Ms. K
AP-
TUR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
and Mr. P ASCRELL ): 
H. Res. 50. A resolution calling for the re-
lease of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by Russian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has being held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. 
M
AXINE WATERS of California): 
H. Res. 51. A resolution honoring the life, 
accomplishments, and legacy of Louis Zamperini and expressing condolences on his passing; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article One, section 8, clause 1: The Congress shall have power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises 
shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Article One, section 8, clause 18 The Congress shall have Power—To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing 
Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN: 
H.R. 523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States of America. 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: 
H.R. 524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. MASSIE: 
H.R. 525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This act is justified by the Commerce 
Clause of the United States Constitution which, by granting Congress the power to regulate commerce among the several states, also allows Congress to prevent the federal government from interfering with Ameri-cans’ ability to grow and process industrial hemp. This act is also justified by the Ninth Amendment and the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution, which recognize that rights and powers are retained and reserved by the people and to the States. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 4 of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to establis h... uniform Laws 
on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that sec-tion, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Execu-tive; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 to 17, and Section 9, Clauses 1 to 2, 4, and 7, of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation concerns the exercise of specific legis-lative powers granted to Congress by those sections, including the exercise of those pow-ers when delegated by Congress to the Exec-utive; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JA7.100 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H583 January 26, 2015 
or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ 
Article III, Section 1, Clause 1, Sentence 1, Section 2, Clause 1, and Section 2, Clause 2, Sentence 2, of the United States Constitu-tion, in that the legislation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Congress; Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of power granted to Congress to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and, Amend-ment XVI to the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of power granted to Congress to lay and col-lect income taxes, including determinations of the manner in which that power will be exercised. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 528. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2. The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 530. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by law. 
and Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: To Establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization; 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 531. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Con-stitution 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 532. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress 
shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. MULLIN: 
H.R. 533. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 534. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 1 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H.R. 535. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 1) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. WOMACK: 
H.R. 536. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. WOMACK: 
H.R. 537. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have the Power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution into the government of the United States, or in any department of officer thereof 
Article I, Section 9: No money shall be 
drawn from the treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of receipts and ex-penditures of all public money shall be pub-lished from time to time. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 538. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.J. Res. 26. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article V whereby the U.S. Constitution 
may be altered. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 93: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 94: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 109: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 114: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 154: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California. 
H.R. 158: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 159: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. 
NOEM, and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 160: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 173: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 181: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , and Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 184: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 188: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida and Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 228: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 232: Mr. C HABOT and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 238: Ms. L EEand Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 246: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S HERMAN , and 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 247: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 253: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 254: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 255: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 256: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 285: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-gan, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 287: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
RYANof Wisconsin. 
H.R. 295: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 310: Mr. T URNER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. G AR-
RETT , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 315: Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 321: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 350: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. Y OHO, and 
Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 351: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. C ASTRO  
of Texas, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
BARLETTA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
EMMER , Mr. P EARCE , and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 353: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 357: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K IL-
MER, Ms. S INEMA , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. 
Pittenger. 
H.R. 364: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
ROKITA , and Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 381: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P ETERSON , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. N OLAN , 
and Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 402: Mr. R OSSand Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 410: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 414: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 418: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 427: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. 
BOST, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 429: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 430: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. 
HOYER , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 448: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
FARR, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. B LUMENAUER , 
and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 452: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 460: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. G IBSON , 
Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CHENRY , and 
Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 465: Mr. B UCK, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B OST, Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 468: Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , 
and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 469: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. M ULLIN , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OE 
of Texas, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Ms. M OORE , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. K USTER , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. R OKITA , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
PITTENGER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 484: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
MESSER , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 514: Mr. R OYCE , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. H ERRERA  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.008 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H584 January 26, 2015 
BEUTLER , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 515: Mr. R OYCE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. GIBSON , Mr. C RAMER , and Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER . 
H.J. Res. 11: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.J. Res. 13: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. J ONES . H. Res. 11: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
BABIN, and Mrs. R OBY. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R ANGEL , 
and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H. Res. 36: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA7.007 H26JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S447 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 26, 2015 No. 12 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4:30 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, thank You for Your un-
failing love. Purify our hearts, making us fit vessels for Your use. 
Lord, You know the many challenges 
that confront this legislative body, so guide our Senators with Your wisdom. Encourage them to live worthy of Your Name. Remind them that ultimately they will be judged by their produc-tivity, for Your Word declares, ‘‘By their fruits You will know them.’’ Today let Your presence continue to be felt on Capitol Hill. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. This weekend 
President Obama’s Chief of Staff la-mented that the Senate has taken sev-eral weeks to debate an infrastructure project, the Keystone jobs bill. I agree it is about time to bring the Keystone debate to a positive conclusion, and we will do that soon. We have had a lot of floor discussion. We have considered Democratic and Republican amend-ments. All in all, the last few weeks 
have been time well spent. The debate has been good for our country. But to-night is our chance to notch another win for the middle class by supporting cloture and then actually passing this bipartisan jobs bill. 
We have heard rumors that some in 
the Democratic leadership are pres-suring rank-and-file Democrats—even Democrats who cosponsored this bill— to block Keystone’s jobs with a fili-buster instead. This is really dis-appointing when you consider all that our friends on the other side have been saying about the filibuster for so many years. 
What is most disappointing, though, 
is the apparent reasoning for the Key-stone filibuster. The Democratic lead-ership is claiming that there haven’t been enough opportunities to consider amendments. Yet nine current Senate Democrats voted for the Keystone project just a few weeks ago without having the opportunity to offer or de-bate even a single amendment. Nine current Senate Democrats just a cou-ple of months ago voted for the Key-stone project without having the op-portunity to offer or debate even a sin-gle amendment. 
This time around, the new Repub-
lican majority allowed more amend-ment rollcall votes on just this one bill—this one bill—than the previous leadership allowed on every single bill from last year combined. Altogether, there were more rollcall votes on this bill than we got on amendments on the Senate floor all of last year combined. 
I would also note that a majority of 
amendments we have taken rollcall votes on were also offered by the mi-nority, by the Democrats. We also of-fered our friends on the other side an opportunity to consider more amend-ments just a few days ago. They ob-jected to it at the time. Even so, it is still my hope that we will be able to consider more amendments from both sides of the aisle. Instead of filibus-tering this bill or blocking their own 
amendments, which we experienced the other night, I am asking my Demo-cratic friends to work with the bill manager, Senator M
URKOWSKI —who 
has done a fantastic job on this bill—to get amendments lined up. 
Let’s keep up the positive momen-
tum generated by a more open legisla-tive process that actually clearly has benefited both parties. A Keystone fili-buster cannot succeed without the sup-port of Democrats who voted for a Key-stone bill just a few weeks ago without any amendments—any amendments— and who are cosponsoring the jobs bill today. I truly hope these Democrats won’t vote to block Keystone jobs now just because a different party controls the Senate. The American people voted decisively against this type of partisan gridlock back in November. They want us to work together to get things done. Why don’t we just continue to do that? 
The debate over this bipartisan bill 
has already had so many positive ef-fects on the Senate as an institution. It has shown Senators the benefits of a more open process, it has given a real voice to the minority, and it represents a decisive change from the broken Sen-ate of recent years. 
Here is how the assistant Democratic 
leader put it just a few days ago: 
We are in a healthy environment on the 
floor of the Senate where we are pursuing amendments and active debate. 
It is ‘‘great to see’’ this happening, 
he said. I couldn’t agree more. That is exactly the way we ought to operate. 
I would urge the Senate not to fall 
into the old partisan habits. Let’s keep working together. Let’s cooperate to get this important infrastructure project over the finish line and onto the President’s desk. 
I am calling on all of my colleagues— 
especially the cosponsors of this bipar-tisan bill, especially those who have supported Keystone without any amendments in the past—to vote for jobs and progress tonight, not the kind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.000 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S448 January 26, 2015 
of gridlock American voters rejected so 
emphatically. 
Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
KEYSTONE PIPELINE 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, in a 
short period of time, less than an hour, the Senate is going to vote on whether to end the debate on Senate bill 1. 
Senate bill 1 is the Republican’s No. 
1 priority this year. They are new to the majority in the Senate, and they got to choose the first and most impor-tant bill to call, and they chose this bill, Senate bill 1. 
This bill will override the President’s 
authority when it comes to making a decision on building the Keystone Ca-nadian pipeline—Canadian pipeline. You see, Keystone is a Canadian cor-poration, and the Republicans in the Senate decided the highest priority when it comes to America’s economy is to help this Canadian corporation. 
There will certainly be construction 
jobs involved in the construction of this pipeline, but there will only be 35 permanent jobs that come out of this. The No. 1 priority for the Senate Re-publican majority is 35 permanent jobs. Most McDonald’s hamburger franchises have more than that number of jobs. 
But, having said that, let’s talk 
about where we are on the floor of the 
Senate at this moment. In their new role as majority party, the Republicans asked us to take up this legislation, and they said: We want to go to the point we have made over and over dur-ing the past several years—we should have an open amendment process. 
I am here to tell you that we have co-
operated. I was quoted—I am honored, flattered—by the majority leader on the floor as saying I think it is healthy. I have said that for a long time. What changed in the Senate is not just the new majority but the new minority. Our feeling on our side is we need to be constructive, offer amend-ments, offer different points of view, offer different approaches, debate them on the floor, accept the will of the Sen-ate, and move forward on legislation. That is what we have tried do on this Keystone XL bill, and we have really offered amendments on the Democratic side that we think get to the heart of this debate. 
My Republican friends and Senators 
like to characterize this as the Key-stone jobs bill. We started off by saying: Here is an 
idea. Let’s say that the Canadian tar sands brought in through this pipeline and refined in the United States—the ultimate products, the oil products that come out of this refinery, are going to be there for Americans first, that Americans can use the gasoline and diesel fuel and jet fuel. In other words, it is going to stay in America. 
The Republicans said no. We have to 
be prepared, after we go through all of this and build this Canadian pipeline, that ultimately none of the products will be used in the United States. 
Then we said: OK, if we can’t use the 
ultimate products coming out of this pipeline to help the American econ-omy, then let’s at least agree that we will build this Canadian pipeline in the United States with American-made steel. Let’s put our steelworkers and foundries to work fabricating the steel to build the pipelines so we will create good-paying American jobs supplying the materials. 
The Republicans voted no. Then we said: Well, at the end of the 
day, these refineries, after they have processed Canadian tar sands, end up with a miserable byproduct called petcoke. It has some positive applica-tions, but sadly, in many instances it is piled up stories high—even in the city of Chicago, within our city lim-its—and blows all over the neighbor-hood and into the lungs of children and elderly people. So let’s at least have standards for the storage and handling of this byproduct that is going to come out of this Canadian pipeline. 
The Republicans voted no. Then we had a vote on whether we 
should be concerned with the environ-ment. Using Canadian tar sands to make oil products puts more green-house gases in the air, more carbon di-oxide, and should we be mindful of this. 
If you read the votes that took place 
last week, it is unclear, uncertain as to where the Republicans stand on this issue. In fact, one Senator from North Dakota offered what I thought was a good amendment acknowledging this issue and then at the very end voted against his own amendment, which is rare in the Senate annals, but it shows you how conflicted many Republican Members were on the basic environ-mental issues. 
Now let’s get to the procedure and 
where we stand. Last Thursday night was troubling. After the constructive consideration of over a dozen different amendments on both sides of the aisle, the Republican majority leader said: Now bring out the next group of amendments. And we did. The Demo-crats cooperated. We produced six amendments we wanted up next, and the Republicans produced six amend-ments they wanted up next. An hour later, within an hour after producing the list, the Senate majority leader came to floor and said: That is it; we 
are not going to get this done as I wanted to get it done. We are going to start tabling the Democratic amend-ments, one after the other. So the Members who offered the 
amendments, who had worked on the amendments stood at their desks as each amendment came up and said: I would like 60 seconds to just explain the amendment I wrote that we are about to vote on. Each and every time, the Republicans objected to 60 seconds of debate. 
This is considered the world’s great-
est deliberative body. Yet the sponsors, the authors of the amendments were denied 60 seconds to even explain their amendments. It didn’t leave a very good taste in the mouths of many Democrats—not even those who were supporting this Keystone Canadian Pipeline. Many of them think this is unfair. 
If we are going to have a good-faith, 
bipartisan environment to consider amendments, let’s go back and forth— Democrat, Republican—and let’s con-sider the major issues before us. There are still major unresolved issues, health and safety issues, with pending amendments. 
I approached the majority leader as 
he was leaving the floor and I said: Even if we do not invoke cloture this evening, let’s work together on a bipar-tisan basis. Let’s come up with these lists of amendments. Let’s do this in a conscientious, good-faith effort to com-plete this bill. 
I think we can achieve it. My hat is 
off to Senator L
ISAMURKOWSKI , Repub-
lican Senator, who has come to the floor, leading this effort on the floor with the debate, but I have a special place in my heart for the Democratic side, where two other Senators have been outstanding in bringing us to this point on the issue. Senator M
ARIA 
CANTWELL from Washington is leading 
our effort on the Democratic side in full partnership with Senator B
ARBARA  
BOXER of California, and many others. 
As was suggested by a Senator last 
week, it is time for the boys to get off the stage and let the ladies come back in and consider these amendments and bring us to the right conclusion of thoughtful debate, important issues considered, and a vote in the U.S. Sen-ate on this legislation. 
f 
REMEMBERING ERNIE BANKS 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, last 
week America lost a hero and Chicago lost one of its greatest. Cubs Hall of Famer Ernie Banks passed away Fri-day night. 
He was known as Mr. Cub. His love 
for the game of baseball was matched only by his passion for the city of Chi-cago. 
He was a Hall of Famer in every 
sense of the word. He won the hearts of not just Cubs fans but baseball fans across the Nation with his power hit-ting and Golden Glove performances, and he endeared himself to everyone he ever met with his humble approach to the game of baseball and the game of life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.004 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S449 January 26, 2015 
Before Hall of Famer Ernie Banks be-
came Mr. Cub, he was 17 years old play-ing in a sandlot in Dallas, TX. That is where Cool Papa Bell, one of the leg-endary leaders in the Negro League, discovered this young man and signed him to play for the Kansas City Mon-archs for $7 a game. 
While playing for the Monarchs, 
Ernie Banks was managed by another legend, Buck O’Neil. 
Playing for the Negro League legend 
had a profound impact on young Ernie Banks. Buck had so much love for ev-erybody that Ernie decided to model his life after him. It was with the Mon-archs that Ernie learned to play with boundless energy and enthusiasm. He learned to express his joy for the game and took to heart the message Buck O’Neil, the manager, would often shout at him: ‘‘You gotta love this game to play it!’’ Ernie Banks loved it, and it showed. 
Years later, O’Neil reunited with 
Ernie Banks when O’Neil agreed to manage the Cubs in 1962. Incidentally, he was the first African-American manager in Major League Baseball. 
As one of the first African-American 
baseball players in the Major Leagues, Ernie Banks helped break down the color barriers. The Hall of Fame slug-ger and two-time MVP made his Major League debut at Wrigley Field in 1953, and he became the first African Amer-ican to suit up for the Chicago Cubs. 
He was only 180 pounds. He was not 
the most intimidating batter at the plate, but he had powerful wrists that generated tremendous bat speed. He whipped the bat through the ball, hit-ting 512 home runs in his career, with 2,583 hits, 1,636 RBIs, and having a ca-reer batting average of .274. 
From 1955 to 1960, he was the most 
prolific home run hitter in the game, hitting more home runs than either Hank Aaron, Willie Mays, or Mickey Mantle during those years. 
In 1958 and 1959, he was named the 
most valuable player in the National League. He was the first ever to win the award in consecutive years. 
He was also the first player to have 
his jersey number retired by the Cubs, and on game days his number 14 flies proudly over the left field foul pole at the friendly confines of Wrigley Field. 
Not surprisingly, Ernie Banks was in-
ducted into Cooperstown the first year he was eligible. But it wasn’t the num-bers on the back of the baseball card that made Mr. Cub a beloved member of Chicago and the community. It was his passion for the game and the appre-ciation he showed to everyone he en-countered. 
Over the last several days, I have 
heard from baseball fans sharing their stories of meeting Mr. Cub. Nearly all were humbled by the opportunity to meet their hero, but even more im-pressed to find that Ernie was just as appreciative of his fans as they were of him. 
It is an understatement to say that 
the Chicago Cubs had some tough sea-sons during Ernie’s 19-year career. The 
Cubs had not won a World Series since 1908 or a National League title since 1945. But every day, win or lose, Ernie would lace up his cleats, step on the field, and smile for the whole world to see. You could not help but love watch-ing him play. 
And for Ernie Banks, the eternal op-
timist, he always believed this was going to be the year for the Cubs. Every spring he predicted, without fail, the Cubs were going to win the pen-nant. 
Well, Ernie never got to play in the 
post season. But his love of the game never wavered despite this. He became famous for his contagiously positive attitude. He often remarked: ‘‘It’s a great day for baseball. Let’s play two.’’ That was the charm of Mr. Cub. 
An 11-time All-Star, first-ballot Hall 
of Famer, selected to baseball’s All- Century team in 1999, it was never about accolades or money for Ernie. He played for the pure joy of the game. 
After hitting his 500th home run, be-
coming only the 9th player to achieve that feat, he summed up his feelings by saying: ‘‘The riches of the game are in the thrills, not the money.’’ That is an inspiring message. 
In 2013, I contacted some friends in 
the White House and asked President Obama to consider a Medal of Freedom for Ernie Banks. I felt that his impres-sive career with the Cubs and his cour-age in breaking down the color barrier in baseball were reason enough. But more than these amazing achieve-ments, Ernie’s spirit set him apart. 
It was a special moment to be there 
at the White House when Ernie Banks received the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I was honored to see it and experience it. 
After being awarded the Presidential 
Medal of Freedom, we held a reception for him in my office up here. I don’t know if there have ever been so many humbled politicians coming by my of-fice looking for an autograph. He hap-pened to sign this photo for me that day that I have in the Chamber. I re-member J
OHNNY ISAKSON from Geor-
gia—a faithful Atlanta Braves fan— made a point of being there to meet Ernie Banks. And I remember H
ARRY  
REID, when he met Ernie Banks, said: 
‘‘I used to play a little baseball.’’ Ernie Banks said to him: ‘‘Well, Senator R
EID, what position did you play?’’ He 
said: ‘‘I was a catcher.’’ Ernie Banks said: ‘‘If you were truly a catcher, get down in that catcher’s position.’’ Somehow or another, H
ARRY REIDgot 
down in that catcher’s position right in my office to prove it to Ernie Banks. 
Ernie could not have been more gra-
cious with his time, signing autographs for everybody who showed up. He made time for everybody. 
The North Side of Chicago and 
Wrigley Field will not be the same without Ernie. ‘‘Let’s play two’’ will echo off the bricks and ivy for genera-tions to come. His positive, hopeful, Cub view of life filled every room and every baseball diamond he ever 
touched. 
And now it would seem they need to 
find a new roster spot on the Field of Dreams—and everyone better be ready for daytime double-headers too. 
Ernie Banks, your spirit, passion, 
and sunny outlook on life will be missed. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The assistant bill clerk read as fol-
lows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
Pending: 
Murkowski amendment No. 2, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Vitter/Cassidy modified amendment No. 80 
(to amendment No. 2), to provide for the dis-tribution of revenues from certain areas of the Outer Continental Shelf. 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) amendment No. 
67 (to amendment No. 2), to restrict the au-thority of the Environmental Protection Agency to arm agency personnel. 
Cardin amendment No. 75 (to amendment 
No. 2), to provide communities that rely on drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the Keystone XL pipeline an analysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of the pipeline. 
Murkowski amendment No. 98 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to express the sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities. 
Flake amendment No. 103 (to amendment 
No. 2), to require the evaluation and consoli-dation of duplicative green building pro-grams. 
Cruz amendment No. 15 (to amendment No. 
2), to promote economic growth and job cre-ation by increasing exports. 
Moran/Cruz amendment No. 73 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to delist the lesser prairie- chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
Daines amendment No. 132 (to amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress re-garding the designation of National Monu-ments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Madam President, I 
came to the floor to speak about a measure that is supported by Members of both sides. I was listening to the re-marks by the minority whip on who commemorated the life of Ernie Banks. 
REMEMBERING ERNIE BANKS  
I began school in Chicago in the early 
1960s, when Ernie Banks was playing, and it is to be noted for the record that my grade point average would have been higher had I not spent so many afternoons at Wrigley Field watching the Cubs play. During that time all the games were played during the day, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.006 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S450 January 26, 2015 
as such I missed a few classes to watch 
our beloved Cubs. 
But our beloved player—perhaps the 
most beloved player in baseball his-tory—Ernie Banks was a true delight. 
I wish I had time to speak more on 
that particular issue, but what I would like to direct my attention to is a bi-partisan-supported measure, S. 1. The American people, in November, said: Get back to Washington. Work to-gether, and get things done. And one of which was the Keystone Pipeline. It has bipartisan support. In fact, on the motion to proceed to this measure, 10 Democrats joined Republicans in this effort. And that is what we are debat-ing here. 
MEDICAL DEVICE ACCESS AND INNOVATION  
PROTECTION ACT  
But I am here to talk about a second 
bill that certainly deserves to be in the top five of pieces of legislation that have bipartisan support and will hope-fully result in passage and then sent to the President. And, hopefully, with a number of Democrats joining Repub-licans in these efforts, the President will take a second look at his veto threats on measures that have bipar-tisan support. 
It was Winston Churchill who said 
that a nation trying to tax itself into prosperity ‘‘is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself up by the handle.’’ 
Unfortunately, one of Indiana’s most 
vibrant, growing industries is stuck in the bottom of the bucket because of a small provision tucked away in the 2,000-page ObamaCare law, which im-poses on them an excise tax, a 2.3-per-cent excise tax on every sale they make of medical devices, hindering in-novation and job creation. 
Medical device manufacturers in my 
State directly employ over 20,000 Hoo-siers and indirectly support thousands of additional jobs. These are jobs that pay well above the average—56 percent higher wages than the average wage rate in Indiana. So these are top-qual-ity jobs, providing significant employ-ment for a significant number of Hoo-siers. 
We have more than 300 FDA-reg-
istered medical device manufacturers in our State, and this is true of many other States. This industry is boosting our State’s economy, our Nation’s economy, and producing technologies that are changing and saving lives. 
Products ranging from wheelchair 
van lifts to artificial knees, hips, and shoulders, to catheters used in heart procedures, have improved or saved the lives of many Hoosiers and countless others not only in my State, not only in America, but across the globe. 
Since the implementation of this ex-
cise tax—passed in the ObamaCare Act in 2010, imposed in 2013—this destruc-tive tax has caused companies to freeze hiring, lay off workers, and shelve plans to expand and build new facili-ties. 
A survey by the Advanced Medical 
Technology Association found that the device tax forced manufacturers to let 
go of or avoid hiring 33,000 workers in 2013. 
Look, I thought we were trying to 
get people back to work. I thought we were working to pass bipartisan legis-lation that would benefit this country and benefit those who are seeking em-ployment. 
Cook Medical of Bloomington was 
forced to table plans for a major expan-sion because of the device tax. 
In 2013 testimony before the Senate 
Budget Committee, Cook Medical chairman Steve Ferguson stated: 
Cook has made the difficult decision that 
without repeal [of the medical device tax], we will move important new product lines outside of the U.S. Our previous plans to open up five new manufacturing facilities in American towns are now on hold as we use capital intended for these projects to pay the device tax. 
The negative impact of this tax is 
not only felt by large employers such as Cook Medical, it also hurts gross sales of companies that are not making a profit but are developing innovative new ways to find benefits for the health and safety, and even the life, in many cases, of those who need these medical devices. 
As a result, these companies are not 
profitable because they are having to pay the tax. They are struggling to launch new innovations to save and im-prove lives. For instance, a small War-saw, Indiana-based manufacturer, which develops and sells orthopedic im-plants for children, had to shelve two important projects simply because it had to use its resources to pay the medical device tax. 
After the tax was implemented, an 
employee of that company shared his story with me. Because of this tax, he said, the manufacturer is now largely inhibited from working on important new products, such as a device that re-duces a wheelchair-bound child’s dis-comfort. 
How ironic that ObamaCare, which 
the President said would increase the health benefits for Americans in cov-erage, is actually a barrier to improv-ing lives and health outcomes. 
Last week, I joined nine of my Sen-
ate colleagues, including five Demo-crats, to introduce the Medical Device Access and Innovation Protection Act. Our legislation would eliminate this tax and has strong bipartisan support. 
During the last session of Congress, 
79 Senators voted to pass a bipartisan amendment to the fiscal year 2014 Sen-ate budget resolution that called for the repeal of this device tax—79 Mem-bers, 34 Democrats and 45 Republicans. It does not get much more bipartisan than that. 
So we are hoping that while this may 
not be labeled S. 2, it certainly stands in the top three or four issues that have strong support and will respond to the call of the American people in No-vember to get back to Washington, get together, work on things with bipar-tisan support that are going to improve our economy and get people back to 
work, and get it up to the President. 
I hope my colleagues will see that 
this egregious, harmful tax, tucked- away in the Affordable Care Act, will force us to move forward, repeal it, and result in the kind of improvements the American people are asking us to ad-dress. It is long past time for Wash-ington to stop punishing medical de-vice innovators in Indiana and across the country. I am urging my colleagues to support this bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, we 
are trying to figure out how to do a fair division of the time that remains. I ask unanimous consent that Senators S
TABENOW and P ETERS have 5 minutes 
between them to discuss an amend-ment they have been working on, fol-lowed by Senator C
ARDIN , who would 
have 3 minutes to explain his, followed by myself having 2
1⁄2minutes to discuss 
my amendment, then Senator H
EITKAMP would have 5 minutes after 
that, and then the remaining time for Senator S
ESSIONS . Because that would 
be equal. That would add to our having as much time as Senators S
ESSIONS or 
MURKOWSKI , whoever at that point 
wants to speak. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Reserving the 
right to object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I am seeking clarification. Is the Sen-ator from California asking that these 
respective Members have an oppor-tunity to speak to amendments or to get their amendments pending? 
Mrs. BOXER. Well, some will ask for 
amendments to be pending. I know I will. Some will not ask that; they just want to be heard. But there is 30 min-utes left in the debate. Your side just finished. Obviously, if we do not want to be fair, somebody could grab the time on our side now and talk for 30 minutes. We do not think that is right. We are trying to divide it up between our side and your side. So I have di-vided about 15 minutes on our side and given 15 minutes to Senator S
ESSIONS , 
who wanted to be heard on the matter. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
COATS ). The Senator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
again, I am seeking clarification here, because up until this point in time, what we have done, in order to get amendments pending, is the ranking member and I have kind of worked back and forth in terms of what it was that would come up as far as pending. 
As far as Members just seeking to 
speak to amendments, I certainly do not have a problem with what the Sen-ator from California has proposed. I am trying to get some other under-standing. I was also—my under-standing is that I had the time begin-ning at 5:15 p.m. reserved. I think there is a little bit of confusion here. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.008 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S451 January 26, 2015 
Mrs. BOXER. Reclaiming my time, 
we have already wasted 4 minutes of the 15. The Senator can object if she does not want to allow us to have an amendment pending, but I am going to start off here. Is the Senator still ob-jecting? Instead of Senator S
ESSIONS , I 
will give—now it is about 12 minutes to you at the end. Is that all right with the Senator? 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, 
again, I am trying to understand. If Members just want to speak to their amendments, there is not a problem with what the Senator has suggested. It is just the question of whether we are getting amendments pending, be-cause we have been going back and forth, side to side, up to this point in time. 
I will be happy to put the microphone 
down and let the Senator from Cali-fornia speak to her amendment while Senator C
ANTWELL and I talk about 
how we get more amendments pending. That way she can get talking. 
Mrs. BOXER. Well, if I might say 
this: Every Senator has a right to ask unanimous consent on anything. If the Senator does not like it, she can say, ‘‘I object.’’ I do intend to—I cannot speak for anybody else. I want to make my amendment pending because it is germane. I want to make sure it is heard. It is about public health. So if my friend does not want to agree to this unanimous consent, then I think what we will do is I will hold the floor and I will yield to colleagues for ques-tions and they can make their points. 
I do not understand my friend’s ob-
jection to the way we have it laid out. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. There continues 
to be objection. I would like to meet with the ranking member to continue a process of back-and-forth to make amendments pending. I have no objec-tion to the Senator from California speaking to her amendment at this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mrs. BOXER. Well, I am going to 
take the time now—the entire time— and yield to colleagues for them to ask me questions. So I will speak for 2 min-utes or less and then I am going to ask unanimous consent on my amendment. 
We want to have a study of the sig-
nificant human health impacts of the Keystone Canadian XL tar sands pipe-line. I do not believe they were ade-quately addressed in the supplemental environmental impact report or com-pletely analyzed. 
I held a press conference with doctors 
from Canada who spoke about the ad-verse impact on the health of people living near the pipeline. We have had spills along the pipeline in Michigan, in Arkansas. Those spills are not ade-quately cleaned up as we speak. 
As Senator C
ANTWELL informed me, 
there have been an additional two spills since the new Congress came into session. From extraction to transpor-tation to refining to waste storage, 
misery follows the tar sands. We know there are dangerous air pollutants and 
carcinogens that have been docu-mented from tar sands refining—all of this to help a Canadian private com-pany make a whole bunch of money, and we cannot even keep the oil in this country. 
Are you kidding me? Thirty-five per-
manent jobs. The least we can do is have an in-depth health impact study before we approve this pipeline. 
I am very sad to say—you know, we 
still have this kind of gag-athon going on from the other side. They would not even let people speak for 1 minute on their amendment. That is why I am grabbing the floor here. I could not even get agreement to divide up the time, so I am taking the time. 
I will be happy to yield to my friend 
from Michigan, through the Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Thank you very 
much to my friend and colleague and leader from California. 
I first want to say thank you to Sen-
ators M
URKOWSKI and C ANTWELL who 
have worked so hard with Senator B
OXER moving forward a process that, 
until Thursday night, was working very well going back and forth. 
Before we authorize the building of a 
new oil pipeline in America, it is im-portant for us to consider the safety of pipelines we already have. 
In 2010, a pipeline that runs from 
Canada through Michigan spilled near-ly a million gallons of tar sands oil into the Kalamazoo River, causing the largest inland oil spill in U.S. history. 
That cleanup cost $1.2 billion. Nine days ago, another pipeline 
broke in Montana, and for the second time in 4 years, tens of thousands of gallons of oil emptied into the Yellow-stone River, making that water unsafe to drink. 
Right now in Michigan, we have a 61- 
year-old pipeline which runs along en-vironmentally sensitive areas and goes beneath the Straits of Mackinac and our magnificent Great Lakes. 
That pipeline carries 1.2 million gal-
lons of tar sands oil per day and has undergone only a few upgrades since it was first installed in 1953. A spill would be devastating, not only to the region but to all Americans—because the Great Lakes are a vital source of our Nation’s fresh water supply. 
Yet none of the companies trans-
porting heavy tar sands crude are re-quired to pay into the Oil Spill Liabil-ity Trust Fund, which would ensure that taxpayers are not footing the bill. 
When we offered an amendment to fix 
that, the Republicans said no. 
America’s economy is only as strong 
as our natural resources, and those re-sources are threatened every time a pipeline breaks. 
Making matters worse, Republicans 
said no to amendments that would keep the oil in America, guarantee the pipeline be built with American steel and use American workers. So Americans take all of the risks 
with very few, if any, rewards. 
Because Republicans refuse to make 
this Canadian oil company pay into the oil spill fund, American taxpayers may have to bailout the company if the pipeline breaks. 
So, before our Colleagues vote on be-
half of the oil companies to approve the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline, it is critical that we pass the amendment that my friend and partner from Michigan and I have introduced. 
This amendment ensures that we ad-
dress the safety of the pipelines that we have now—before beginning con-struction on Keystone. And it would ensure that the heightened safety standards being applied to Keystone exist in pipelines around the Great Lakes. 
The Republican majority has prom-
ised an open amendment process, so I certainly hope that when my colleague from Michigan offers this amendment in a few moments, the Republican ma-jority will allow a vote on this critical pipeline safety amendment—even though Big Oil may not like it. 
Again, the American people are tak-
ing all of the risks when the oil will not even stay in America. The least Congress can do is guarantee the pipe-lines are safe. 
I would ask my friends to join with 
Senator P
ETERS and me in saying that 
before we authorize the building of a new oil pipeline in America that we have to consider and strengthen the safety of pipelines, the pipelines we al-ready have. In 2010, a pipeline that runs from Canada through Michigan spilled nearly 1 million gallons of tar sands oil into the Kalamazoo River—this has been talked about before—causing the largest inland oilspill in U.S. history. 
So we need to vote on Senator 
P
ETERS ’ and my amendment. The 
cleanup itself cost $1.2 billion. Nine days ago, another pipeline broke in Montana. For the second time in 4 years, tens of thousands of gallons of oil emptied into the Yellowstone River, making that water unsafe to drink. So would my friend from California agree with me and share concerns that under the Straits of Mackinac—and our gor-geous, beautiful Great Lakes—we have 
a 61-year old pipeline that runs through environmentally sensitive areas, goes right under the water, and has only been upgraded a couple of times since 1953? 
Before we pass this Keystone Pipe-
line bill, we should make sure our Great Lakes have the pipeline safety we need, as well as all of our pipelines across the country. 
Would my colleague agree with that? Mrs. BOXER. I could not agree more 
with my friend. Her question is perti-nent and to the point of this debate. We are giving permission to a Canadian company to come through and use America as a passthrough. They are going to leave behind petcoke, leave behind spills—they have already done it before with the tar sands pipeline. This is the hardest oil to clean up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.009 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S452 January 26, 2015 
I absolutely know that my friend 
Senator P ETERS has a question as well. 
Without losing my right to the floor, 
I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment so that I may call up my amendment. I will wait for the objection to be heard. I am not going to plow through this. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mrs. BOXER. That was my amend-
ment No. 128. I am very disappointed, because what the Senator is talking about, making sure the pipelines are safe, and what I am talking about, a health study, are quite related. 
I know my friend from Michigan 
wanted me to yield for a question. I am happy to do so. 
Mr. PETERS. I appreciate the Sen-
ator from California yielding for a question, as I am listening to this de-bate and hearing from my colleague, the Senator from Michigan, as to the importance of pipeline safety, as we are now debating a very comprehensive bill to give approval for one specific pipeline in this country, which I think is very much an unprecedented type of vote in the Senate. 
My question is: Why do we not have 
an opportunity, or would the Senator not agree that we should have an op-portunity, to offer amendments? I know I am new to the Senate, but I was informed this would be an open amend-ment process. My idea of an open amendment process means you can ac-tually offer amendments. It means you can also actually debate amendments. That is an open process, particularly something as important as protecting our Great Lakes, this incredible, im-mense body of freshwater, one of the largest bodies of freshwater in the world. We have a pipeline that goes through there, above the lakebed, that could potentially be catastrophic if 
there is a break. 
As Senator S
TABENOW mentioned, in 
Michigan we have already had the most expensive pipeline break in history—4 years of cleanup of Canadian tar sands oil, oil that sinks to the bottom of the river. It is more expensive to clean up—over $1.2 billion in cleanup. So you can imagine if we had a pipeline break in the middle of the Great Lakes. It would be catastrophic to this country, it would be catastrophic to the State of Michigan, but really catastrophic to the entire world. It is a risk we cannot take. 
That is why we have authored a com-
monsense amendment that says we should ensure that there is adequate inspection, that PHMSA has the re-sources they need in order to inspect this, and if there are special require-ments to protect the Great Lakes, as there were special requirements for Keystone, it should also be available to other pipelines, particularly in sen-sitive areas such as the Great Lakes. 
That is why, in the spirit of an open 
amendment process, in the spirit of this great deliberative body, where peo-
ple are allowed to debate the big issues affecting our world, I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment so that I may call up my amendment No. 70. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mrs. BOXER. If I could answer the 
question posed to me by my friend—he asked do I think there ought to be an open amendment process. Not only do I think there should be, we were prom-ised an open amendment process. What occurred here at midnight on Thursday night, before the Senate left—some of our colleagues who are running for President went out to my beautiful State to make their case, as they have every right to do. But instead of stay-ing on Friday, we adjourned on Thurs-day night. It was anything but an open amendment process. 
I see the Senator from Massachusetts 
on the floor. He had a critically impor-tant amendment. He asked for 60 sec-onds to explain his amendment. I have been here over 20 years. I have never seen a situation, ever, where five Mem-bers in a row, five great Senators rep-resenting their great States, were told: Sit down; we are gagging you. That is what happened. This is wrong. So we are going to be asked to proceed today and shut down the amendment process even further. I do not know how the Senate is going to vote. However the Senate votes, it votes. But the bottom 
line is, this has been anything but an open amendment process. My friend is absolutely right. 
I know the Senator from Maryland 
wanted to ask me a question. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, could I 
ask my colleague from California to yield for a question? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. The question I am 
going to ask Senator B
OXER to respond 
to is: What are the consequences if we invoke cloture about 15 minutes from now when that comes up for a vote on the floor? 
There were many of my colleagues 
who had amendments they wanted to offer. They filed those amendments. 
Unless those amendments become 
pending, it is my understanding that— and unless those amendments meet the very narrow germaneness rule—they may be relevant to debate—but the germaneness rules are pretty tough so that unless we defeat cloture, we may not have an open amendment process. 
I know the majority leader talked 
about an open amendment process, but many of my colleagues—including this Member, who has additional amend-ments I would like to have consid-ered—will not be able to get those amendments considered, if I under-stand it, Senator B
OXER , unless the clo-
ture motion is defeated. 
Let me talk for one moment about 
amendment 75, which I filed and is pending, and I think is critically im-portant. What that amendment would do is 
allow our Governors and our county of-ficials to be able to get information about the risk to their drinking water as a result of the potential spills on the aquifers. This is not a hypothetical question because the Ogallala Aquifer, which is the country’s largest under-ground freshwater resource, is crossed by the proposed line of the Keystone. Therefore, it is of major concern to the Governors and local officials what a po-tential spill could have with regard to their drinking water supplies, to their communities. At some of places the aq-uifer is within 5 feet of the surface. So a spill could have a dramatic impact on the supply of safe drinking water. 
As has already been pointed out by 
my colleagues in Michigan, in July 2010 there was a pipeline rupture near Mar-shall, MI, that released 843,000 gallons of tar sands oil. It had a horrific im-pact on the environment, and it is still difficult to see the end in sight because of the cleanup difficulties in this thick, tar sands oil. 
On March 29, 2013, there was a pipe-
line rupture in Mayflower, AR, that caused an incredible challenge to the cleanup. 
So my amendment is pretty simple. 
My amendment would allow that infor-mation to be made available to our Governors and our local officials so that they could then notify the Presi-dent that they have a concern on the route and allow that to be considered before the pipeline is constructed, giv-ing our local governments the oppor-tunity to be heard—to have the infor-mation and then be heard on this very important issue. 
My question to the Senator from 
California, Mrs. B
OXER , is: If we are 
going to have an open amendment process, how can that be if the cloture motion that was filed by the majority leader were to become approved? Wouldn’t that deny us that full, open amendment process that we had heard was going to be used in this Congress? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. I thank my friend for 
the question. 
Again, we were promised an open 
amendment process. 
I wish to make a point to my friend 
who has worked so hard on the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee. I am so appreciative of his work. Do you know, if an amendment like yours does not pass, what it means is that American companies will be treated in a much harsher fashion than a Cana-dian foreign oil company—in other words, because the other side is just saying: No more facts, no more infor-mation, no more environmental impact statement—even though we know there are health impacts due to the tar sands. 
The Senator has pointed out the pos-
sibility of having a bad impact on drinking water. We have seen what has happened in West Virginia when we don’t worry about that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.010 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S453 January 26, 2015 
So my friend is absolutely right, and 
I am honored that he asked me to com-ment on this particular amendment. And I hope that he will ask—I know you are pending. I hope that you are going to get a vote on this amendment one way or another. 
I know some other colleagues may 
want to ask a question. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Would the Senator 
from California yield for a question? 
Mrs. BOXER. I am pleased to yield to 
the Senator. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. I thank the Senator. From the start, let me say that Sen-
ator B
OXER and I are not on the same 
side on the principal bill. I have long been one of the staunchest supporters of the Keystone XL Pipeline bill. 
A lot of what we have heard today is 
about the consequences of aging infra-structure. So the question I have for Senator B
OXER is: Would it not make 
sense, as we are talking about this Keystone XL Pipeline bill, that we find common ground that we all should agree that we need the resources to have the regulatory authority and the regulatory personnel to go out and make sure that aging infrastructure— the infrastructure underneath the Great Lakes and what happened now in 
the Yellowstone River—that we have a robust and very complete PHMSA or-ganization that has the personnel to go out and follow the pipeline, test the pipeline, and review the results? But even as important to me is PHMSA’s role in making sure that our transpor-tation of oil on the railroad is actually adequate, that we have adequate regu-lation. 
So one of my amendments—not pend-
ing but filed—is, in fact, an amendment that would address directly what I would hope would be common ground for everyone in the Senate, which is making sure we are, in fact, regulating interstate pipelines. 
I also wish to talk about how we have 
an ‘‘all of the above’’ policy that every-body talks about where we somehow don’t seem to get to that point. 
One of the amendments I have at the 
desk, which I would dearly love to call up and make sure that it gets a vote, is an amendment that would provide a long-term—just 5 years—glide path for wind energy. 
I think we have seen, as we have in-
cluded this in the tax extenders, this stop-and-go policy that has, in fact, not only put the companies’ lives on hold but also their employees’ lives. 
I am hopeful. We don’t know how the 
vote is going to turn out. No one knows until the vote is done, but I am hopeful that we will be able to come back and introduce so many of these amend-ments that my colleagues have ad-vanced—some of which I agree with and some of which I don’t. 
But that is the nature of the Sen-
ate—that we actually have a vote, be-cause I think, as a believer, I have good ideas but my ideas should have a de-bate in the Senate. But wouldn’t the Senator agree that 
one common area that we all share is making sure that we have a robust reg-ulatory environment to protect our wa-terways, to protect our farmers’ soil from any leaks, and to make sure that any leaks, to the extent they are pre-ventable, are prevented. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. I say to my colleague 
from North Dakota, of course, I agree with her. We don’t agree on the tar sands pipeline, but we do look for com-mon ground, and she has found it. The importance of inspecting the infra-structure can’t be overstated. 
I say to my friend, before she leaves 
the floor, this is a picture of a recent spill. Actually, it was 2013. It still has not been cleaned up in Arkansas be-cause the pipeline burst—200,000 gal-lons of tar sands burst from the pipe-line, and it spilled all over the streets of a subdivision. Residents were ex-posed to high levels of benzene, a known carcinogen, and hydrogen sul-fite. They suffered from dizziness, nau-sea, and headaches—all classic symp-toms of exposure to the chemicals found in tar sands. 
Rainfall causes oil to float to the top 
of the soil and off gas. What is hap-pening here is it still has not been cleaned up. 
My friend has an amendment that 
would say: Let’s inspect the infrastruc-ture to make sure things such as this do not happen. Of course, I support it. I hope she will vote her conscience and hopefully vote to keep this amendment process open. 
I know my friend from Massachusetts 
has a question, and I yield to him if he does. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. I thank the Senator 
from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. The Senator has to ask 
if I would yield for a question. 
Mr. MARKEY. I thank the Senator. I 
thank the Senator for taking the time to have this very important discussion in the Senate this afternoon. 
This past Thursday night the major-
ity leader decided they would not allow for a debate on an amendment I was propounding that would have imposed a tax on the Canadian oil as it is being transported through this proposed pipeline. In the eventuality of an oil-spill, the Canadians would have to have contributed to. 
The majority did not make it pos-
sible for me to speak for even 1 minute on ensuring that the Canadians had to pay the tax in the event there was an oilspill with their oil in the United States of America, while Americans would have to do so. 
This is the question I am going to 
propound to the Senator from Cali-fornia. Right now we know that there is increasing carbon pollution in the atmosphere, which stacks the decks, increasing the chances that our coun-try, our planet would draw an extreme weather joker that would have cata-
strophic consequences for our country or for any other place in the world. We know that while no one storm can be attributed to climate change, sci-entists agree there is an increase in the intensity and the frequency of extreme weather events. In fact, in the 2013 con-sensus report bulletin of the American Meteorological Society said: ‘‘The number of severe regional snowstorms that occurred since 1960 was more than twice the number that occurred during the preceding 60 years’’ in the United States of America. So my question to the Senator from California is: Shouldn’t we be debating this issue of increased frequency of snowstorms, of rain storms, of droughts, of extreme weather conditions? And isn’t this something that Members should be al-lowed 1 minute, at least, to address, if not a full debate of these issues that have been triggered by the Republicans deciding they wanted to bring this bill onto the floor as their No. 1 priority for the year 2015? Is that not the sub-ject we should be discussing and should it not be an open debate? 
That is the question I propound to 
the Senator from California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. I would say in response 
to my friend’s question, I was so shocked when the Senator asked for 1 minute to explain his amendment and we heard multiple Republicans saying: No, no, a thousand times no. 
As Senator D
URBIN said, this is sup-
posed to be the greatest deliberative body in the world. I grew up thinking that was true. I never saw this before where colleague after colleague after colleague after colleague was essen-tially shouted down. I haven’t seen it here. 
It has reached a new low with a Re-
publican majority since. They abso-lutely won a huge election victory. There is no question about it. There was the promise that it would be an open process, and then we can’t even have colleagues talk for 1 minute. 
I know the Senator from New Jersey 
has a question as well. I yield to the Senator from New Jersey, because time is running out at 5:30. 
Mr. BOOKER. Will the Senator yield 
for a question? 
Mrs. BOXER. Yes, I will. Mr. BOOKER. I am grateful that Sen-
ator B
OXER will yield for a question. 
This is a question I have of Senator 
BOXER , and I wish to get her feedback 
because of her years of experience, her wisdom, and her depth of under-standing on this issue. I think there needs to be an amendment for critical protection. 
The need for regulation requires 
agencies to supplement already issued environmental impact statements when significant new circumstances come about. When there is information about these new challenges to the envi-ronmental impact of a project, some-thing really has to happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.013 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S454 January 26, 2015 
So this pending bill deems that the 
final environmental impact statement issued last January would fully satisfy the NEPA, that this would remove the obligation of permitting agencies to supplement that EIS if any new cir-cumstance or information is discov-ered. 
The amendment would change that 
and would preserve the obligation of agencies to supplement—if we had such an amendment, it could really protect that. 
I was told by a lot of people that 
NEPA is sort of referred to as the envi-ronmental modern day Magna Carta. In other words, it is such a critical set of protections. If we have a circumstance in which there is a significant change in the pipeline—say they just decide to change the direction or move it a little bit and it goes through an entirely new area—not to be able to take into con-sideration new information, new cir-cumstances where an environmental impact statement abated, seems to be wrong. It actually seems to be giving this company, this foreign company, more information, more opportunity than our current American companies. 
I would love for the Senator to com-
ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Senator B
OOKER should 
be proud of this contribution to this debate and what he is doing in the en-vironment committee. 
Let me say quickly—because I know 
we are running out of time—here is the deal. You raised the golden standard— NEPA, the National Environmental Policy Act. The underlying bill says everything is satisfied. All you want to make sure of in your amendment is that if there is new information which shows this could harm the public— maybe cause more cancer, cause more asthma, and cause other problems— that we need a supplemental EIS, that we need a supplemental study before we approve this pipeline. Right now, they are not letting you offer that amendment. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today we 
are voting to end debate on the Key-stone Pipeline bill. 
I want to be clear right from the 
start. I do not support this bill. I will vote against cloture and against final passage of the Keystone Pipeline bill. And I am disappointed about the way it is being jammed through to a vote. 
I supported the motion to proceed to 
this bill for one reason and only one reason—because we were assured there would be an open amendment process. 
We started that process last week. 
We have worked back and forth be-tween Republican and Democratic amendments. Many of those amend-ments are important. And I believe we should continue until every Senator who wants to amend this bill has had a chance to make his or her case. 
I have an amendment for a renewable 
electricity standard which would cre-ate hundreds of thousands of 21st-cen-tury American jobs in my State and 
across the country. We owe it to all Americans to consider this and other amendments that would improve the bill. 
The bill as it stands is not acceptable 
on many levels. 
First, I am concerned that the new 
leadership chose to begin with a bill mandating a single pipeline for a for-eign private company. This is a ques-tionable use of the Senate’s time and an unprecedented piece of legislation. Congress has never gotten involved in mandating a pipeline of this nature. But that is where we are. Now we are voting to cut off debate. The majority leader moved last week—late in the night—to set aside the Democratic amendments and bring an end to de-bate. 
So we have a bill with a questionable 
beginning and a regrettable ending. The result is a missed opportunity to seriously address the energy needs of our country. 
I said at the beginning of this debate 
that we are faced with a choice, a pro-found choice. We can deny that our cli-mate is warming. We can fall behind our economic competitors. We can ig-nore the danger to our planet and to our security. That is one choice. Or we can move forward with a clean energy economy, with an energy policy that makes sense, that creates jobs, that protects the environment, and that will keep our Nation strong. 
We had a good debate on climate 
change during this bill about whether or not humans significantly contribute to it. Many Senators made it clear where they stand. Many agree that yes humans are significantly contributing to climate change. 
But while that is good for the record, 
it doesn’t do much for the reality, be-cause we have fallen short of taking any real action to address this great challenge. In fact, we are now compounding the problem by trying to pass this bill. 
The bill lacks a comprehensive en-
ergy policy; it lacks even trying to set one. This is not a ‘‘do it all’’ energy bill. This isn’t even a ‘‘drill, baby, drill’’ bill. This is a ‘‘drill, Canada’’ bill. 
I believe we should continue working 
on the bill to address serious climate solutions, like a renewable electricity standard. The Keystone Pipeline is an investment in doing things the old way—importing foreign oil. Instead of doubling down on foreign oil, we should be talking about how we can move America forward by investing in the homegrown energy of the future. 
A national renewable electricity 
standard would combat global warm-ing, while creating hundreds of thou-sands of jobs across the country. It will help maximize our energy potential, while strengthening our economy and our energy security. 
Let’s vote on that, and let’s move 
forward to meet the real energy needs of American families. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
has expired. 
Mrs. BOXER. My time has expired. I 
thank the Chair very much for his pa-tience. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum calls related to the cloture motions on Senate amendment No. 2 and S. 1 be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Mur-kowski amendment No. 2: the Keystone XL pipeline approval act. 
Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, Rich-
ard Burr, Jerry Moran, John Thune, Marco Rubio, Johnny Isakson, Kelly Ayotte, Ben Sasse, Deb Fischer, John Boozman, David Vitter, Tim Scott, Roger F. Wicker, Richard C. Shelby, Michael B. Enzi, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the Murkowski amendment No. 2: the Keystone XL pipeline approval act, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Sen-
ator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL), the Senator from Maryland (Ms. 
MIKULSKI ), the Senator from Nevada 
(Mr. R EID), and the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ) are necessarily ab-
sent. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 53, 
nays 39, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 29 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo 
Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe 
Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.014 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S455 January 26, 2015 
Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan Thune 
Tillis Toomey Vitter 
Wicker 
NAYS—39 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—8 
Kirk McCain McCaskill Mikulski 
Moran Reid Rubio 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 53, the nays 39. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
enter a motion to reconsider the clo-ture vote on the Murkowski substitute amendment No. 2. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. 
Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, Rich-
ard Burr, Jerry Moran, John Thune, Marco Rubio, Johnny Isakson, Kelly Ayotte, Ben Sasse, Deb Fischer, John Boozman, David Vitter, Tim Scott, Roger Wicker, Richard Shelby, Michael Enzi, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on S. 1, a bill to ap-prove the Keystone XL pipeline, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Sen-
ator from Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL), the Senator from Maryland (Ms. 
MIKULSKI ), the Senator from Nevada 
(Mr. R EID), and the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ) are necessarily ab-
sent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 53, 
nays 39, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 30 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly 
Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—39 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—8 
Kirk McCain McCaskill Mikulski 
Moran Reid Rubio 
Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 53, the nays are 39. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
enter a motion to reconsider the clo-ture vote on S. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is entered. 
The Senator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we 
are here this evening, after the conclu-sion of two cloture votes where we have failed to get the sufficient 60 votes that are required to cut off de-bate and move forward on this bill. 
As the floor manager, I will be work-
ing with my counterpart on the energy committee, Senator C
ANTWELL , to de-
fine a list of amendments and define the universe we are talking about. Per-haps we can work toward an agreement that will allow for additional amend-ments to be processed and ultimately allow us to get to passage of the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
This measure, S. 1, is a bipartisan 
measure that will work to create jobs for this country and will not only help with our relationship with our friends and allies to the north but is also wide-ly supported by the American public. I am hopeful that what we will be able to do tonight—by working with col-leagues—is to again define how we will get to the final resolution of this very important bill. 
Last week we saw this measure in-
clude several important energy effi-ciency bills—including the adoption of the measure of the Senator from Ohio—particularly the one provision that relates to water heaters, which is very time sensitive. We were also able 
to add two sense-of-the Senate provi-sions to S. 1. One provision relates to the oil spill liability trust fund and the other provision is related to the issue of climate change. 
Here we are, more than 2 weeks into 
debate on the Keystone XL Pipeline, and we voted on a total of 24 amend-ments to the bill. We voted on more amendments last week than we did in all of 2014. In fact, Thursday was a long day for all of us. We moved out 15 amendments, and that was as many as we had voted on in all of 2014. In 2014, this Senate voted on 15 amendments. This past Thursday, we voted on 15 amendments in one day on this Key-stone bill. We are now up to 24 amend-ments, and we have made some progress. 
I am very aware that not everyone is 
fully happy with where we are right now. We hit our first bump in the road—back to regular order—but that is the way we have to roll with some things every now and again. I hope we are at the point where we will be able to get back on track, a track that will allow for again closure of this very im-portant measure. 
I wish to remind Senators that we 
are in this place where we had to vote on cloture because we got to a point last week where a unanimous consent request to vote on the then-pending 12 amendments was blocked. I will also remind colleagues that invoking clo-ture on a bill does not end all debate. We still have up to 30 hours of addi-tional debate time left, and during that time amendments that are germane to the underlying bill can still be called up, considered, and voted on. We have quite a few of those left. 
In fact, at last count the amend-
ments that have been filed to date— there are 143 amendments that I have on my tally today that have been filed. I don’t know if that is a current, up-to- the-minute accounting. We asked Members to have their amendments in by 3 this afternoon and second-degrees filed by 5 p.m. My point to colleagues is that there is still much to be done with this bill if your interest is voting on amendments. 
I wish to repeat something that the 
majority leader commented on when we came into session just a little bit ago. We were on this bill just 2 months ago, and at that time there was a grand total of zero amendments that we voted on—zero. So now, as I mentioned, we have at least three that have been incorporated into the bill already—two sense of the Senate, one on climate, one on the oil spill liability trust fund, and one on energy efficiency. Again, there are some 140 to 150 amendments that have been filed. 
I am glad we have this process going 
on. I am glad to see these amendments. For those who suggest that somehow or other the majority is closing down the opportunity for debate or to offer amendments, all we need to do is look where we were 2 months ago. Two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.032 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S456 January 26, 2015 
months ago this bill had zero amend-
ments. Fast forward to today, and we have had votes on 24 amendments to this bill. We have adopted at least 3 of those amendments, and again there are some 140-odd amendments that are out there. 
I want us to get through this meas-
ure, and I wish to do so in a way that is respectful to the process, respectful to Members, and that dignifies this in-stitution. We have a lot out there, and I recognize that. 
I have had Members from both sides 
of the aisle ask me: How do I get my amendment pending? How do I get it to the point so it can considered? We will be working on that issue tonight and into the morning. 
I thank my colleague from Wash-
ington because I do think we have truly been trying to work in good faith. 
My colleague from North Dakota has 
a few words on the process, and then I would like to reclaim my time for just a few more moments, if I may. 
With that, I turn the floor over to the 
Senator from North Dakota. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I thank 
the bill manager on our side of the aisle, the good Senator from Alaska, as well as the bill manager on the Demo-cratic side, the Senator from the State of Washington, for working together and trying to get a list of all of the amendments and do everything pos-sible to get them scheduled for a vote. 
I ask that Members on both sides of 
the aisle work with the bill managers to try and get a list of amendments so they can be scheduled for a vote. As the Senator from Alaska said, we have already had at least 19 amendments. We know there are more amendments that Senators would like to have a vote on, and we appreciate and understand that. There has been a real effort to try to get those votes scheduled. 
Again, I thank the bill managers for 
their hard work and ask that Members on both sides of the aisle work with the bill managers to try and get those amendments identified where they need to have a vote and get them scheduled so we can get to the votes in a timely manner so Members can have as much information as possible ahead of time in order to consider their re-spective issues and have a vote. 
We have to remember that in trying 
to go back to an open amendment proc-ess and regular order, there is some work on figuring out how to get that going and to do so in a bipartisan way, and of course we are working through it on this legislation. 
A final point: At the end of the day, 
we will be discussing more about this legislation, but it comes down to how the individual Members of this body feel about this underlying legislation. It is about energy, jobs, economic growth, and national security at a time when energy security for our country is so very important. Again, this goes to the underlying merits. Let’s see if we can’t get these amend-
ments scheduled and vote on them and move this along as well as we can this week and get that done. It is not only important for this legislation, but we want to have that same kind of open process with other legislation as well. It is about getting the work done for the American people. 
With that, I yield back to the Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I thank the Sen-
ator from North Dakota for his leader-ship on this issue. He has been per-sistent, diligent, and very articulate as we have moved through the process, and I appreciate that a great deal. 
I thought I was going to be spending 
the vast majority of my time this week going through each of these many amendments that Members have pre-sented. As I mentioned, we have 140- plus amendments. But my attention on Keystone and the issues in front of us was dramatically pulled away because of an announcement by the administra-tion which I learned of late on Friday evening, and which was the first an-nouncement today. 
The fact is I am not in a very good 
mood right now. I am not in a very good mood, and I think it is probably true to say that most Alaskans are not in a very good mood, because folks back home woke up Sunday morning to the news that this President effectively declared war on our economic future in the State of Alaska. 
I know those are pretty hard words. 
It has been suggested by some in the administration that perhaps I am over-reacting. Let me tell my colleagues, when our economic opportunities as a State, which lie in our natural re-sources, are denied us as a State and the promises that were made when we entered the Union—the compact we made—we are now not able to see those promises, then there is nothing else. There is no other way to describe it than that it is a war on our economic future. 
We have winter going on in Alaska 
right now. In my hometown where I went to high school, I think it was about 30 below this weekend. Up on the North Slope, temperatures are about 60 degrees below zero. It is pretty cold. 
The President, in his video where he 
made his announcement that he is moving to put the Arctic Coastal Plain in de facto wilderness, described the area in the North Slope as fragile, that the wildlife is fragile. I will tell my colleagues, the area in the coastal plain, the area in ANWR is an amazing place. It is a special place, as are so many places in Alaska. It is an amaz-ing place. I am blessed to call it home. But the President decided on Sunday that this was the perfect day to an-nounce his unilateral decision to man-age the Arctic Coastal Plain as de facto wilderness. 
Now the coastal plain—and I don’t 
have my maps, but we are going to be seeing a lot of maps of Alaska and 
ANWR coming up here. The coastal plain is the area on the very northern part of the State, and it is part of the nonwilderness portion of ANWR. Peo-ple need to understand that ANWR is a huge area. It is 19.7 million acres. It is an area the size of the State of South Carolina. There are portions of ANWR that have been designated as wilder-ness and they were designated as wil-derness back in 1980, along with other areas in the State of Alaska that were designated as wilderness. In fact, so much wilderness—close to 60 million acres of wilderness designated in 1980— so much so that there is actually a pro-vision in the law, in ANILCA, that says, that is enough. Alaska has given enough, in the sense that more than half of the wilderness area in the United States of America is in Alaska. That is, Alaska has more than half of all of the other wilderness in all of the remaining 49 states. Alaska has more than half. So the sense was there will be no more wilderness declarations in Alaska. Yet, the President announces Sunday that, in addition to the coastal plain, effectively all of the balance of ANWR will be managed as wilderness. 
So what does this mean to a State 
such as Alaska? Again, history is going to be important in this discussion going forward because the area in the coastal plain—the 1002 area—and it is designated as such because of a section in the law—the coastal plain was spe-cifically set aside in 1980 for further study of its oil and gas potential. So a decision was made back in 1980 where we had more than 100 million acres in Alaska that were turned into Federal law, but it was recognized that this area—that 1.57 million acres—was unique because of its resource poten-tial. It was identified in law as such. And it said, We are going to reserve this. We are going to study it for its oil and gas potential. 
Then, in the 1980s, the Reagan admin-
istration did just that. They studied the coastal plain and they rec-ommended that it be open to respon-sible energy development. Ever since then we have been seeking permission to open up just 2,000 acres on the coast-al plain for that very purpose—for oil and gas exploration. 
We are not talking about opening up 
the full coastal plain. We are not talk-ing about touching any of the area that was designated as wilderness in 1980. We are talking about a development that would have an impact on an esti-mated surface area of 2,000 acres in a 1.57-million acre area that has been set aside specifically for this. 
So when we think about what that 
means, we learn that 2,000 acres is .1 percent of the entire 1002 area. It is .01 percent of ANWR. When we put it into context, 99.9 percent of ANWR would remain untouched if all we were seek-ing to do was to access the 2,000 acres. 
We also know that if we were able to 
access this small area within the coast-al plain that we can gain access to an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.019 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S457 January 26, 2015 
estimated 10.3 billion barrels of oil. If 
we produce oil at that rate of 1 million barrels a day, it will last almost 30 years. 
Right now we have an oil pipeline in 
Alaska, the Trans-Alaska oil pipeline, which bisects the State 800 miles from the North Slope down to Valdez, and it has been doing a fine job of providing resource to the country in an environ-mentally sound and safe manner. It is an engineering miracle. It is fabulous. What it lacks right now is more oil in the pipe. We are less than half full. So the State of Alaska is being aggressive in looking for how we might not only fill up the pipe to help Alaska and to help the country and to bring about jobs and bring about revenues, but how we can do so in a responsible manner. 
We think we have some pretty high 
standards in Alaska, and we need to. This is extreme environment. It is tough working there right now, let me tell my colleagues. They don’t shut down because it is cold. In fact, this is the only time of the year they can ex-plore out there, because the environ-mental safeguards are such that we can’t take exploration rigs out on the tundra in the summer where it might leave a mark. No. We wait until it is the coldest, the darkest, and the ground is frozen as far as it possibly can. So this is the time of year that we are hoping to be able to do more. 
But what this President is doing is 
not only saying no to that 2,000 acres we are seeking to access that will be bringing us a million barrels a day, po-tentially, for 30 years and allowing for jobs and a resource—no to that 2,000 acres—he would say no forever. He would not only say no to oil and gas de-velopment, but no to anything else. No road, no airstrip, no nothing. 
The President is saying the Congress 
has to make this decision, and in fair-ness, that is true. It is only the Con-gress that can make that decision to convert the coastal plain to permanent wilderness. But the reality is he has made this decision, and he has made it without us. What happens under this comprehensive conservation plan—this CCP—this area is now immediately treated as wilderness, with or without our approval. So that designation may not be there, but how is it being treat-ed? It is being treated as wilderness. 
I would assert this is in clear viola-
tion of the ‘‘no more wilderness’’ clause—the ‘‘no more’’ clause in ANILCA. It is so frustrating. It is so in-furiating to think that we acknowl-edged that some 30 years ago, when ANILCA was passed, and that recogni-tion—when so much of the State of Alaska was put off limits to any form of development, to place it in wilder-ness status and to have the Federal Government agree that we had done our part, that we had contributed enough of our lands. 
The Presiding Officer is from a State 
that has wide open spaces. What do we do as a State if we have so much of our State—66 percent of the State of Alas-ka that is federally held? And we all 
know there are different aspects to Federal public lands. BLM lands mean something, Park Service means some-thing, refuge status means something, and wilderness status means something else altogether. So when we acknowl-edged and the Federal Government ac-knowledged no more in Alaska, we 
thought that would be respected. We thought that might be respected. But, apparently, this President is going to choose to ignore it. 
My colleagues can tell this is an ar-
gument and a debate I feel very strong-ly about, and I feel very strongly about it because I have been living with it my entire adult life. For as long as I can remember, we have been talking about how might it be possible to look into these extraordinary reserves and re-sources that we know are in the 1002 area. There have been highs and there have been lows. Back in 1995, when it was my father and Ted Stevens who were working this issue, they were able to successfully get it through the Con-gress only to have it vetoed by Presi-dent Clinton. And then 10 years later, it was Senator Stevens and myself who were able to get it so close; we were one vote shy in the Senate. The House has passed ANWR, I believe Congress-man Y
OUNG told me today, on 12 sepa-
rate occasions. Now we are back yet another 10 years later. So maybe this is an issue that keeps coming back every 10 years. 
This wasn’t the worst part of the 
news I was dealing with this weekend. At the same time I was given a heads- up that the administration was going to be releasing this CCP—this com-prehensive conservation plan that will treat ANWR as wilderness—I was told that we are going to see the announce-ment of the administration’s 5-year lease/sale plan. That is substantial for us. As folks know, we have been trying to advance the leases that have been sold in the Beaufort and in the Chukchi for some period of time, and it has been a tortured process, as many people know. But what we are told is that with the lease/sale that will be an-nounced, portions of the Beaufort Sea and the Chukchi Sea will be indefi-nitely withdrawn from the next 5-year plan for the Outer Continental Shelf which, again, is due to be released. 
I think it is important to know we 
have had deferrals off of our coasts in the Beaufort and the Chukchi, but these are no longer going to be defer-rals. They are going to be withdrawals, which means that not only will they not be included in this lease sale from 2017 to 2022, but they will stay in place until such time—it is an indefinite withdrawal—as the next President, whoever he or she may be, should de-cide to change it. It is different than a withdrawal. 
What it then says to us is, okay, no, 
we are going to lock up ANWR perma-nently so that the resources that may be available to you—as much as a mil-lion barrels a day coming down through your pipeline to supply this 
country—no, put that off limits, and, oh, the offshore you want to try to ad-vance, we are going to make it a little more difficult because we are going to take these areas and we are not going to include them in this 5-year lease sale. In fact, we are going to indefi-nitely withdraw them. 
This could have significant impact on 
our ability to access the estimated 23 billion barrels of oil of Alaska’s North Slope. Again, when we are talking about how we are going to fill up that pipeline, we have been working toward those opportunities offshore. But there is a third gut punch to Alaska that is coming—a third. 
Remember, all these were supposed 
to be unveiled this week. What a week. 
First, close off ANWR permanently. Second, make the offshore that much 
more difficult. 
And third is in the area where all 
those who said no to wilderness, go over to the National Petroleum Re-serve, that is where you should be ac-cessing this oil. Well, okay, that is where folks are going. ConocoPhillips is trying to access some leases in the National Petroleum Reserve. These are leases that were awarded in 1998, so more than a few years to be working through all of the issues here. 
What we learned was that the terms 
and conditions of the mitigation that are going to be required by the Depart-ment of the Interior to allow Conoco to proceed with the alternative that would allow for a short road to access the pad, those mitigation costs and other requirements are going to be so much that the project will no longer be economic. 
Think about it. Years in the process 
and the permitting and the cost that goes into it, years to get there. 
I don’t think most people know—do 
you realize how much oil is produced on Federal lands in Alaska? It is a real easy answer because it is a big fat zero. There is none. There is no oil that is produced on Federal lands. We have been trying to make it happen. 
We have been going to the National 
Petroleum Reserve because we have been put off limits with ANWR. It hasn’t been made permanent wilder-ness. We haven’t been able to access it because that too takes permission from Congress. So the whole area where our State has these resources—these re-serves, ANWR to the east, Beaufort, Chukchi offshore, National Petroleum Reserve—Alaska—what this adminis-tration is doing is saying this ‘‘all of the above’’ strategy for an energy plan for America, we are starting to think in Alaska that means everybody but Alaska. 
I just can’t articulate the anger, the 
frustration. As I tried to convey my thoughts to the Secretary, I said, I am just not sure if this administration doesn’t care about Alaska and its peo-ple at all or whether you even think of us. But I have come to the conclusion that they still view us as a territory, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.021 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S458 January 26, 2015 
place where you could come in and do 
what you will because you are a terri-tory. Well, we are not a territory. We are 1 of the 50 States. We are one of those stars on that flag. Last time I checked, we had just as many rights as any other star on that flag. 
What is coming at my State and the 
arrogance with which this administra-tion is treating us is unacceptable, and it will not stand. Everybody wants to know, what are you going to do about it? What are you going to do about it? I am going to make sure that people understand who we are, that people un-derstand that there are human beings who live in the 1002 area. You are going to take an area and declare it wilder-ness. People live there. Children go to school there. Yes, we actually have a polar bear watch to make sure the kids don’t leave their homes early in the morning to go to school when it is still dark, and there might be a polar bear out there. 
Things are different in Alaska, but 
we still live there. We still want a qual-ity of life for the people that is not un-like what we would have here. We don’t want to have communities where we still have no sanitation facilities, where people are hauling their human waste in a bucket in the corner of the house and dumping it in a lagoon. We don’t want to be in that situation. But you know what, it seems as though we have to get permission to do anything, and that permission is routinely de-nied. Or if it is denied, they delay it in-definitely so that it adds to your cost. 
We pay more for our energy. We pay 
more to keep warm in the State of Alaska than you do anywhere else. You might say, of course, it is colder up there. You know, back here it is going to be cold in New York. There is no-body in New York who is paying $10 a gallon for fuel like the people in Kobuk are paying. There is nobody in Massa-chusetts who is going to get hit by this storm and it is going to be cold and is paying $7.50 for fuel like the people in Fort Yukon are paying. 
We live there because we want to live 
in Alaska. It is an amazing place. We make a lot of sacrifices. But one of the sacrifices that we won’t make, one of the things we will not give up, is to be treated like some second-class citizens, to be treated like a territory that has no rights. So when we are full partici-pants and we say there are special places in Alaska that should be wilder-ness—and we signed off on that in 1980—then negotiate with us. Talk to us about what happens next. 
But I made the statement—again, it 
is harsh words, but I have suggested that this administration is one that is willing to negotiate with Iran, but they are not willing to negotiate with Alas-kans. Those days are over. Those days are over. 
We have some issues to deal with in 
front of us right now as we move through the legislation in front of us. We have been focused on energy for a good couple of weeks-plus now. I am glad of that. I am glad we are going to 
be able to work through a process where we can move through some of these amendments. But know that the words I have spoken tonight on the floor are words that come from my heart as an Alaskan. 
This is not about politics. This is not 
about me being able to wield some muscle because I have the gavel in the interior appropriations committee. This is about Alaska as a State and our rights as a State. This is about a com-pact that was made with the State of Alaska, about how we would be able to use and access our lands, how we would be able to care for the people who call Alaska home. This is pure passion that drives my comments, and my com-ments will be echoed not only by the full Alaska delegation, as small as we are, but by our Governor, by our legis-lature, by our elected officials, by peo-ple who live all around the State, in-cluding the people who live in the coastal plain in ANWR. 
This is serious, and Alaskans are 
going to take this very seriously. You will be hearing a lot more from us. 
With that, I thank my colleagues for 
the indulgence of time. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. May I first in-
quire of the distinguished bill manager whether I may take a moment to seek to call up an amendment or whether they have present business they need to attend to on the floor? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I was going to give 
some comments in addition to my col-league from Alaska about the process and where we are and respond to some of the comments she has made. If the Senator from Rhode Island could wait a few minutes, is that possible? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Happily. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Point of inquiry: 
Do I understand that the Senator from Rhode Island wishes to make his amendment pending or just speak to the amendment? 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I simply wish to 
make my amendment pending, and at a convenient time I would like to do that. There was a bit of an aura of good feeling on the floor when the distin-guished chairman of the energy com-mittee and distinguished Senator from North Dakota were discussing an or-derly approach for getting the amend-ments pending. Since then, we have heard a good deal about frustration and anger and a bad mood, so I am not sure—maybe a little time to revert to that previous aura might not be in order, but I am only seeking to get my amendment pending. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
do know the Senator from Washington and I were hoping to get a plan and a proposal for colleagues so that they would better understand how we might proceed tomorrow. And because we haven’t had that opportunity to do that as of yet, I would like the chance 
to consult with Senator C
ANTWELL  
here. My concern is that if we start getting all these amendments pending right now before we reach some kind of a path forward, it could get com-plicated. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Rather than face 
an objection to my unanimous consent request, I will defer it until the chair-man and her ranking member have a chance to go through that process, and I will come back at an appropriate time. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I thank the Senator 
from Rhode Island. We are here tonight because we haven’t ended debate on the Keystone Pipeline bill. We haven’t ended debate because our colleagues voted to not end debate on this impor-tant measure, and I think for good rea-son. 
Our colleagues from both sides of the 
aisle got to offer amendments last week, to discuss them, and have a chance to vote on them. I would say this is a very different process from what happened in December, where ba-sically an up-or-down vote was going to be given on a process. 
So I am glad my colleagues—like 
from Michigan where they had a major tar sands spill in their State—who want to offer amendments on pipeline safety can do so. I want my colleagues to be able to offer amendments as it re-lates to security and safety, particu-larly when it relates to safe drinking water and the issues of the pipeline. 
Since this bill has been introduced, 
two major pipeline spills have been dis-covered. So just within the time we have been on this bill, 3 million gallons of brine spilled from a pipeline in North Dakota. That was discovered on January 6, the same day we started with this bill being introduced. 
On Friday North Dakota officials dis-
covered that the contamination from the spill reached the Missouri River. So on January 17, 30,000 gallons of oil were spilled into the Yellowstone River, a different incident, from a pipeline that broke in Eastern Montana. It tempo-rarily shut down drinking water serv-ices for 6,000 people in Glendive, MT. So you bet these issues are important to me, and they are important to my colleagues. I hope we do not have to rush through the process of having a vote on these amendments. I think all of my colleagues see the Thursday night event, where the discussion was, let’s get four or five amendments or six pending amendments and then coming back 1 hour later to table them is not the kind of legislative process we are used to here. 
I hope in the next couple of days my 
colleague and I can work on these in a much more productive fashion, with the list of amendments that Members want to offer and a timely way to de-bate them. Hopefully my colleague from Alaska and I could actually work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.022 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S459 January 26, 2015 
with our colleagues, and either get 
some of them accepted or work for a vote schedule that would actually allow us to have the vote and have the debate as opposed to tabling. 
This Senator is not arguing that any 
side does not have a right to table an amendment. I am simply saying: I think colleagues want to know what the process is going to be and whether they can discuss this. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD a story that is 
about one of those pipeline spills. It is about the Federal Government issuing warnings to the pipeline company in November about the concerns regard-ing those spills. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From EnergyWire, Jan. 23, 2015] 
FEDSISSUED WARNING TO PIPELINE COMPANY  
INNOVEMBER  
(By Mike Soraghan) 
Federal officials issued a warning late last 
year to the owner of the Montana pipeline that contaminated a city’s drinking water for keeping poor records about the condition of the system. 
And the owners of the Poplar pipeline have 
had at least seven pipeline spills since early 2008, records show, along with other spills at production facilities. 
Bridger Pipeline LLC officials say the 
warning letter from the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administration is unrelated to the leak of 50,000 gallons of oil into the Yellowstone River. 
‘‘I don’t believe there is a link between 
that letter and what we’re dealing with,’’ said Bridger spokesman Bill Salvin. ‘‘That seems to be a difficult connection to make.’’ 
A thick layer of ice on the river is ham-
pering cleanup efforts centered on Glendive, Mont., where the water treatment plant was shut down after cancer-causing benzene was detected in supplies. 
Crews have recovered about 10,000 gallons 
of oil from the rupture directly beneath the river, about 50 feet from the south shore. 
The spill’s cause remains unclear, but oil 
sheens have been reported as far away as Williston, N.D. 
The warning letter last year resulted from 
a 2012 inspection by federal officials. Chris Hoidal, director of PHMSA’s Western Re-gion, wrote that the company had conducted 24 inspection digs for external anomalies, but then employees failed to note the condition of the pipeline as required. 
Salvin said that ‘‘steps have been taken’’ 
to address the concerns laid out in the letter. 
‘‘We take all requirements very seriously,’’ 
he said. 
Federal officials have undertaken another 
inspection in connection with the record- keeping, in addition to the spill investiga-tion. 
The warning came about six years after a 
spill that led to a more serious enforcement action by PHMSA. The agency said that the company failed to accurately update its re-ports on a May 2008 spill from the pipeline. 
In the same enforcement action, PHMSA 
charged that Bridger failed to perform a pressure test on tubing installed at a pipe-line station in 2007 and 2008. 
The agency also alleged that the company 
was too slow to review its emergency oper-ations manuals and failed to keep up on in-spections. The company paid a $45,000 fine. 
This image was taken from a drone sur-
veying the ice slotting oil containment trench carved in the ice of the Yellowstone 
River near Crane, Mont. Photo courtesy of Unified Spill Command. 
The company also paid a $100,000 fine in an 
enforcement action brought in 2005 regarding the qualifications of its personnel. 
PHMSA inspections also led to two other 
enforcement actions in September 2005 and February 2007 that did not lead to fines. 
Montana records show that Bridger Pipe-
line had two spills in 2009, another in 2010 and a fourth in 2012. The total released in the four spills was about 3,300 gallons of crude oil. 
In August, a gasket failure caused a 
Bridger pipeline to spill about 4,000 gallons of crude in Mountrail County, N.D. 
In addition, another company’s 6-inch fuel 
line was broken during excavation of a new pipeline by Bridger on Sept. 1, 2014, in McKenzie County, N.D. Dry natural gas was released to the atmosphere, but inspectors noted that it could have led to an explosion. 
Bridger is part of Casper, Wyo.-based True 
Oil LLC. In May 2014, True’s Belle Fourche pipeline ruptured, spilling 25,000 gallons of crude oil into an ephemeral drainage near Casper, according to federal records. The oil traveled about 3 miles in the drainage. 
True Oil’s production operations have had 
at least 16 spills since early 2009 in Montana, Wyoming, Colorado and North Dakota, ac-cording to state records. The largest was a spill of more than 30,000 gallons of oil and wastewater in 2011 in Campbell County, Wyo. 
Ms. CANTWELL. To me this is an 
issue where we have had some debate about the pipeline and the oilspill li-ability trust fund. I would hope we would come back to that issue because these issues about spills and safety and security should be part of the debate. But I go back to the larger issue which is I hope we turn down this legislation overall. 
To me all of the issues we are talking 
about, whether it is about safe drink-ing water, whether it is about oilspills and the requirements on these compa-nies or if it is about whether Trans-Canada can take U.S. property under eminent domain or whether it is about the route itself, all of these questions in my mind are premature for us, the Congress, to decide. 
Over 60 percent of the American peo-
ple say they want this pipeline decided in a normal process. They want the State Department, in this instance be-cause it crosses a border, to be the en-tity that determines national interest. So I do not want to predetermine that when there are so many important issues to be negotiated. The very com-pany that wanted to negotiate with the State Department on this pipeline was negotiating some of the original rout-ing. Yet at the very time the State De-partment was telling them the original routing would not work, they were here trying to persuade Members to vote for the authority to override the President and to give that routing, which we now know was flawed. 
I do not want to be premature about 
this. I do not want to be premature 
about cutting off debate. I want to get to these amendments before us and get the bill done with the input of my col-leagues, given that the debate was brought up to the floor. 
If you ask me what I want to debate, 
I would be debating some other legisla-tion because I do not think this bill is 
going to be signed by the President of the United States. 
I would be debating energy tax policy 
on clean energy items. I would be de-bating other things that I think would be impacting more our energy strategy for the future, our economy, and job creation. I think there are a lot of those out there. I hope my colleague from Alaska and I, once this debate is over with, will be able to sit down and talk about these issues, in a bipartisan fashion, and work with the committee. 
In 2007, we passed the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act out of the energy committee on a bipartisan basis. It was landmark legislation that unleashed a lot of investment. It un-leashed investment in making sure we had higher fuel efficiency cars in our country, which was good for the con-sumer because they got a car that got more mileage. It made investments in things such as the smart grid and other energy infrastructure. 
I hope that is what we will get back 
to, because when I look at what is hap-pening—I know my colleague from Alaska just talked about some of these issues as it related to Alaska. I know she means what she says when she says she is speaking from the heart and working hard for Alaskans. I visited Alaska with her and my colleague, then-Senator-from-Alaska Mark Begich. I visited many parts of Alaska. 
I understand. Alaskans want to have 
an economic opportunity. They want their energy to be cheaper. I would say I am empathetic to the issue because we have five refineries in the State of Washington. We are the fifth largest refining State in the Nation. A lot of our oil comes from Alaska. So I can tell you that people in the Northwest are furious that even though we have those refineries—so a lot of refining ca-pacity and the oil comes from Alaska— we still have some of the highest gas prices in the Nation. Many times we have asked for various investigations about why we have the highest gas prices in the Nation and why this issue continues to plague us. 
I know my colleague, when she 
speaks about the Arctic National Wild-life Refuge or ideas about more drill-ing, that it is about getting more oil supply. But more oil supply from Alas-ka has not helped Washington con-sumers have cheaper gasoline prices. 
So I want to continue to diversify 
our economy off of fossil fuels and onto other things. I hope we will get a chance to work on an energy bill that does that. If I could just address for a couple of minutes the issue of the President’s decision to move forward on a plan that would help preserve the Arctic wildlife refuge as wilderness. My colleague from Alaska mentioned this issue is something that has been going on for some time. She is right. 
The predecessors that she and I—the 
former chair of the energy committee, Scoop Jackson, and the former late Senator Ted Stevens—everybody has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.024 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S460 January 26, 2015 
been a part of this. I actually was here 
at a pretty dramatic floor debate on this issue in 2005, in which some people wanted to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge for drilling, even to the degree that they put that as a rider on the Defense bill. We were able to stop that. I think that was the will of Con-gress, that they did not want to see drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. 
But we have had this discussion since 
1960, when Dwight Eisenhower set aside originally 9 million acres, and in 1980, thanks to the work of Scoop Jackson, Congress passed the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, which expanded the refuge to 19 million acres. 
I have visited the refuge. I do believe 
it is a critical habitat for wildlife and the Gwich’in people who called this the sacred place where life begins. It is truly special. I do think we have had many discussions about this. This ac-tion probably will not be the last of them, but I do applaud the President for taking the Arctic refuge, which is habitat for 45 different species of land animals, 36 different species of fish, 180 species of birds—and has the greatest variety of plant and animal life of any park or refuge in the polar Arctic. I do believe it is an ecosystem and an eco-system that is unlike anything else we have in the United States. 
So I am proud the President has 
taken what has been a refuge that was lacking a plan and has now put a wil-derness plan in place or the elements of what it will take to preserve those var-ious species and animals and that very special place. 
I know my colleague feels very 
strongly about the President’s an-nouncement. I think a refuge plan that is based on science and public com-ment—we have had a plan, but this is the first plan to say we are going to protect this area. It recommends 12 million acres of refuge, including the coastal plain as wilderness. It is one of the most pristine and unique public places. 
I am confident America can meet our 
energy needs without opening the Arc-tic National Wildlife Refuge. I am con-vinced we can come up with an energy strategy that is much more compelling for the future of the United States, one in which we can lead and one in which we can help other countries, whether it is what the President did with China in getting an agreement or working with India or all the things we are doing to try to be a leader in what is energy ef-ficiency and ways to impact the mar-ketplace so consumers can look for cleaner, more efficient uses of fuel. 
So this is going to be a continuing 
debate in this Congress between a 19th century view of energy policy and a 21st century view of energy policy. I would ask my colleagues to think about these countries the President has just recently visited. He went to China. No one thinks China’s air stand-ard is what we should have in the United States. India has had its own 
challenges. They have hundreds of mil-lions of people who are without elec-tricity needs. 
So the question is whether these 
sources of energy are going to be that solution, whether a dirty source of fos-sil fuel is going to be the solution or whether we can work together on cleaner energy solutions. I think we can do that. 
In fact, I am excited the United 
States can be a leader in these tech-nologies, which will result in more job growth, just as those previous energy bills did when we worked together for higher fuel efficiency standards, for more energy efficiency, to come up with more sources of diversified fuel. I am very confident we are going to, in the next few years, usher in a new era of aviation. 
We have already proven we can fly 
airplanes with a 50–50 drop in jet fuel. We now have to prove we can manufac-ture those large sources and get planes flying on that. What a great accom-plishment that will be in reducing car-bon emissions and giving the flying public and those airlines something that is much more affordable than what we have been dealing with for the last 10 or 15 years. 
I look forward to my colleague and I 
working tomorrow—some tonight and a little bit starting early tomorrow— on how we move forward with this leg-islation. I know my colleague and I see a path forward. Similar to any two peo-ple who are trying to manage a bill on the floor, we also know we have all of our colleagues to work with because nothing in the Senate operates unless it operates through our process and working collaboratively or, I should say, it can work, it is just going to take a very long time. 
So we pledge to work in the next few 
days to try to get an amendment proc-ess that will not be prematurely cut off after 1 hour of a pending bill but will come to terms, and hopefully our col-leagues will work with us to limit the number of those amendments and we can move forward to legislation that we think will help our economy grow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
know our colleague from Delaware is wishing to speak. If I may just proceed to do the closeout and he would be able 
to speak after that. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CENTRAL ILLINOIS XPRESS 
BASKETBALL TEAM 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the remarkable strength and spirit of the Central Illinois Xpress 
basketball team and its coach Tariq Toran. 
As the only team of girls in an all- 
boys fifth grade basketball league in Springfield, IL, the Central Illinois Xpress has defied the odds and emerged as a powerhouse in the Illinois AAU boys’ league. With an impressive record of 8 wins and 2 losses in the first half of the season, Coach Toran and the Cen-tral Illinois Xpress girls have made a name for themselves not just back at home, but across the Nation. 
Strong, confident, and determined, 
the team comprised of nine girls ages 10 and 11 years old do not shy away from hard work and tough competition on the basketball court. With a series of two-on-one drills coupled with push- ups and sprints, these girls know how to practice hard and play hard. The Xpress girls use their summers to com-pete in a higher division comprised of older girls, which helps prepare them to play against tough teams during the season. 
This tireless preparation and fearless 
attitude brought Coach Toran to sign the girls up for the all-boys’ league this year. So far, the team’s success has been undeniable. With their dribble drives, crisp passes, and methodical game play, the Central Illinois Xpress players have racked up more than enough wins to show the boys, and the community, that they are a force to be reckoned with this season. 
These girls know what it means to 
push themselves for excellence, to fight for something against the odds, and to prove themselves to those, including some of the boys they are playing, who don’t expect a girls team to be strong and play smart, aggressive ball. 
It is my pleasure to wish these fifth- 
grade girls in Springfield the best of luck in the second half of this season. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE VERMONT 
STATE POLICE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, during 
the closing days of the 112th Congress, and for the duration of the 113th Con-gress, I had the privilege of serving the Senate as the President pro tempore. It of course was a great honor, and a humbling one, to serve the Senate and to represent Vermont in this position. With this designation, because of the matter of presidential succession pro-cedures, I was assigned a security de-tail. I have spoken before about the outstanding work of the U.S. Capitol Police, and about how much Marcelle and I appreciate the sacrifices they made in the course of their service. 
Today I want to thank the Vermont 
State Police for their outstanding serv-ice and steadfast support during my time as President pro tempore. With their extensive and comprehensive knowledge of Vermont’s unique land-scape and communities, the Vermont State Police coordinated with the U.S. Capitol Police and provided essential guidance, information and support. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.025 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S461 January 26, 2015 
thank them for their professionalism 
and dedication. 
I would like to thank in particular 
Lieutenant Garry Scott who commands the Traffic Safety Unit of the Vermont State Police Department; Corporal Owen Ballinger, who was an integral part of the everyday operations; Ser-geant Teresa Randall; Sergeant Mark Perkins; Sergeant Trevor Carbo; Trooper Jerry Partin; and Trooper Dustin Robinson. These law enforce-ment officers were able to blend the re-quirement of a full security detail in unobtrusive ways that enabled us to go about our daily lives and to perform our responsibilities. These dedicated and courteous officers went above and beyond the call of duty, and for that Marcelle and I are infinitely grateful. 
I also thank Colonel Thomas 
L’Esperance and Lieutenant Colonel Matt Birmingham for their constant support. 
f 
SELECTION OF HAROLD ‘‘HAL’’ 
COLSTON AS THE 2014 BUR-LINGTON FREE PRESS VERMONTER OF THE YEAR 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, it is a de-
light to call the Senate’s attention to an outstanding Vermonter who was re-cently recognized for his work to help Vermonters who have struggled with social and economic injustice. 
Since 1997, the Burlington Free Press 
has invited readers to nominate a Vermont resident to be recognized as Vermonter of the Year. Those nomi-nated are among the best doers and vi-sionaries the Green Mountain State has to offer, and each nominee has made a difference in his or her commu-nity. Previous winners have included philanthropists, college presidents, a former Governor and a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize. On the eve of the New Year, the Burlington Free Press named Hal Colston the 2014 Vermonter of the Year. 
Hal is a resident of Winooski and cer-
tainly deserves this honor. Since relo-cating to Vermont 25 years ago, Hal’s dedication to social, economic, and ra-cial justice has served his community well. He has maintained a steadfast voice for those unable to be heard on their own. 
Hal is well known for his entrepre-
neurial spirit, and he has successfully created and led numerous nonprofit initiatives. In announcing Hal’s selec-tion, the Free Press aptly calls him a ‘‘serial do-gooder.’’ He received na-tional recognition after founding Good News Garage, which enables individ-uals and families to move away from poverty by providing reliable transpor-tation. Similarly, he recognized that those in poverty are often without the support networks necessary to move beyond such vulnerable circumstances. As a result, he established NeighborKeepers, an organization that focuses on building supportive commu-nity networks that direct families to-ward the resources they need to suc-ceed. Today he leads the Partnership 
for Change, a diverse group of commu-nity stakeholders seeking to remodel the Burlington and Winooski School Districts by establishing a student-cen-tered learning system. 
As communities work to overcome 
the challenges of poverty and individ-uals pursue more prosperous lives for themselves and their families, it is the passionate dedication to serve by lead-ers such as Hal Colston that makes the greatest difference. 
In recognition of Hal Colston’s serv-
ice, I ask unanimous consent that Aki Soga’s article from the December 31, 2014, edition of the Burlington Free Press be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Burlington Free Press, Dec. 31, 
2014] 
VERMONTER OF THE YEAR: HALCOLSTON  
You might call Hal Colston a serial do- 
gooder. 
The Winooski resident has laid down a 
track record of work to improve the lives of people in the community during his 25-year tenure in Vermont. 
Colston is best known as the founder of 
Good News Garage, the nonprofit that fixes donated vehicles for low-income people. 
He also is known for launching 
NeighborKeepers, an initiative to help fami-lies in need build relationships with those who can provide the support they need. 
He was instrumental in forcing Vermont to 
confront the issue of racial profiling by the police. 
Colston says he sees every day as an oppor-
tunity to make a difference. 
‘‘We get them one at a time with no guar-
antee for tomorrow,’’ he said. ‘‘May all of us spend our days wisely to improve the com-mon good.’’ 
Colston’s understated demeanor often be-
lies his passion. He works to give voice to those who are unable to be heard on their own. He has shown the courage to tackle dif-ficult issues. 
Colston’s quiet devotion to bringing the 
people together and looking out for those who find themselves in unfortunate cir-cumstances especially stand out in a year that saw the streets of this country fill with protest—both peaceful and violent—against injustice. 
For his years of service to the community 
in the name of social and economic justice, the Burlington Free Press editorial board names Hal Colston 2014 Vermonter of the Year. 
In nominating Colston for Vermonter of 
the Year, Laban Hill of Winooski writes, ‘‘Hal has spent his life devoted to our com-munity and making a difference in both small and large ways.’’ 
Colston’s work with Good News Garage has 
earned him national recognition, including an appearance on the Oprah show. The idea is simple. For many, one of the bigger bar-riers to economic independence is the lack of reliable transportation. Good News Garage tackles that problem in the most direct way possible by awarding reliable cars to those in need. 
Colston founded the organization in 1996 
after meeting a Lutheran minister he had heard in Philadelphia shortly before moving to Vermont. That chance encounter led to developing an idea and seed funding from what he calls a pan-Lutheran organization. He launched the nonprofit under the wing of the Lutheran Social Services New England. Nearly two decades later, Good News Ga-
rage has awarded more than 4,000 vehicles. 
SECOND CAREER  
His career in community service also in-
cludes a stint as associate director of Com-munity Action in Burlington, now Cham-plain Valley Office of Economic Opportunity, as executive director of the Vermont Com-mission on National and Community Service and as diversity coordinator for the social services nonprofit HowardCenter. 
Colston also spoke out clearly and firmly 
when African-Americans in the community charged that local police were using racial profiling in stops. 
In an April 2007 My Turn piece in the Free 
Press, Colston wrote, ‘‘I believe that racial profiling in Vermont is an epidemic,’’ going on to recount his own experience with ‘‘driv-ing while black.’’ 
Colston did more than complain. He 
worked to open a dialogue within the com-munity, including the police, that allowed people to talk openly about issues sur-rounding race. 
‘‘We’re building trust,’’ he said. ‘‘I don’t 
believe we will ever eradicate racism, but how do we heal from the wounds?’’ 
All this was a major shift for a man who 
had made a career as a chef and restauranteur in Philadelphia, and arrived in Vermont in 1989 to become the director of ca-tering at the New England Culinary Insti-tute in Essex. 
Colston called his career change a midlife 
crisis, but said the work put him in touch with his core values, ‘‘truth and justice.’’ 
Today, Colston is engaged in what is per-
haps his biggest challenge to date. He serves as director of Partnership for Change, a col-laboration between the Burlington and Winooski school districts. The mission is to re-imagine public education to better pre-pare students from diverse social, economic and cultural backgrounds to succeed in school, in their careers and as members of their communities. 
‘‘The reason I love Vermont is it’s got its 
challenges. But it’s really on a human scale. You can have a conversation,’’ he said. 
For his steady faith in the ability of each 
person to make a difference, and putting that faith to work in the service of his com-munity, Hal Colston is the 2014 Vermonter of the Year. 
A NOMINATING LETTER  
I would like to nominate Hal Colston for 
Vermonter of the Year. 
Hal is director of Partnership for Change, 
which is remodeling Burlington and Winooski school districts by establishing a student-centered learning system that en-ables all learners to develop skills, knowl-edge, and relationships necessary to become confident, motivated, and self-sufficient learners who are successful in college and ca-reers and are engaged in their communities. 
Hal and his team are changing the way 
education is delivered in our communities so that it is more rigorous and more equitable. 
Over the years Hal has been an integral 
and essential part of our community. He founded Good News Garage, which is one of the first nonprofit social enterprise car dona-tion programs in the U.S. He also founded NeighborKeepers, which was a community nonprofit that helped the generational poor become financially secure. 
Hal has spent his life devoted to our com-
munity and making a difference in both small and large ways. He seems like the ideal candidate for the Burlington Free Press’s Vermonter of the Year. In addition, there has never been a person of color who has been recognized as Vermonter of the Year. It’s about time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.011 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S462 January 26, 2015 
There are so many people of color in 
Vermont who are making important con-tributions to our community. Now is the time to begin recognizing them. 
L
ABAN HILL, 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LORENZO GOCO 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to pay tribute and thank a dedi-cated and capable individual, Lorenzo Goco, who retired from the Senate on Friday after 20 years of expert service. 
For the past 6 years, Lorenzo has 
served as the deputy staff director of the Senate Select Committee on Intel-ligence, SSCI. He has worked on the committee since 1995, when he was brought over by Senator Bob Kerrey. He has seen the highs and the lows of Senate life, and has made a valued con-tribution to the committee, to the Sen-ate, and to the national security of the United States. 
Since the beginning of my chairman-
ship of the committee in 2009, Lorenzo has been the heart of the Democratic staff. Without drawing attention to himself, he has gotten things done— whether it meant setting the schedule and wrangling agency witnesses to at-tend on short notice, assisting the in-telligence community to see the wis-dom of the committee’s approach, or bridging the divide between the major-ity and minority in the rare case of dis-agreement, Lorenzo kept the com-mittee on track and headed in the right direction. 
As the deputy staff director, Lorenzo 
is responsible for everything but gets the credit for nothing. He has rep-resented the SSCI at the weekly meet-ing of Democratic staff directors more often than the actual staff director, and he has had my full faith in rep-resenting the committee and me count-less times. Often, a line of committee staffers will build in front of his door as people seek his advice on how to handle an issue or ask a question about a program. 
Classification prevents me from re-
lating on the Senate floor most of the projects that Lorenzo has contributed to or overseen in his time on the com-mittee staff. But they include numer-ous reviews of CIA covert actions, re-views of acquisition programs by the National Security Agency and the Na-tional Reconnaissance Office, and the budget review of the Defense Intel-ligence Agency. 
Due to CIA’s declassification of the 
underlying information, I can say that Lorenzo was part of the committee’s excellent work in investigating CIA’s role in a shootdown of a missionary plane in Peru. He was instrumental in the committee’s report on the prewar intelligence assessments of Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction, and a constant force behind the staff’s work on the Study of CIA’s Detention and Interrogation Program. 
The committee’s success in enacting 
six intelligence authorization bills in the past 6 years is in good measure a result of Lorenzo’s work in drafting the 
legislation and the classified annexes the contain, working with other com-mittees in the Senate and the House, and negotiating provisions with the ex-ecutive branch. 
There are plenty of congressional 
staff that are passionate advocates for aggressive action for this cause or that. Other staff focus on protecting their boss and as a result are more ju-dicious and deliberate. Some are ex-perts on process; some are experts on substance. Lorenzo is all of the above. His depth of experience on intelligence matters is unparalleled today in the Senate. He fights strongly for what he believes in, and has at times pushed me to be stronger on a cause than I might otherwise be. But he is always cool, calm, and collected, and manages to navigate the buffeting winds and tem-pestuous times that we face all too often. 
I am sorry to see a key part of my 
team go, but I wish Lorenzo the best of luck. I have no doubt that he will have more time to spend with his wonderful wife Audrey and his three boys, whom I know are the source of unending pride, and perhaps the occasional bout of parental frustration. With any luck, they’ll grow up like their father. 
Thank you, Lorenzo, for your stead-
fast service. 
f 
RESTORING FULL TIME TO FORTY 
HOURS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my remarks from last week’s Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RESTORING FULL-TIME TO FORTY HOURS  
Let me start by telling some stories of 
what’s happening in Tennessee: 
In Murfreesboro, Tennessee, Middle Ten-
nessee State University has started limiting hours for part-time workers. This means stu-dents can no longer accept multiple on-cam-pus work assignments. And graduate assist-ants might have to wait tables instead of picking up extra on-campus grant-funded re-search projects that would better further their careers. 
From its headquarters in Knoxville, Regal 
Entertainment Group, the nation’s largest movie theatre chain, announced last year that it was cutting employee hours from 40 to below 30 in order to comply with Obamacare. According to a news report, ‘‘One Regal theatre manager [said] the move has sparked a wave of resignations from full- time managers who have seen their hours cut by 25 percent or more.’’ 
In Johnson City, Pam Cox, the director of 
finance for Johnson City Public Schools, told a local news outlet about a year ago that her district will have to hire more people to work fewer hours. She said, ‘‘It’ll be chal-lenging to find people and it’ll also hurt the employees because where they’ve been able to work as much as they wanted in these types of positions with no benefits attached to it now we’re going to be saying, ‘we can’t let you work . . . even though you want to and you’re good at your job, we can’t give 
you the hours, give you the pay, because we can’t afford to give you the insurance.’’’ 
So why are these things happening in Ten-
nessee—and in every other state across the nation? 
Obamacare requires businesses with 50 or 
more full-time employees to provide health insurance to those employees or pay a pen-alty at tax time. That penalty is $2,000 for each employee whom the government says should have been covered by an employer plan and $3,000 for every employee who re-ceives a subsidy in the exchange. 
The law, passed without any Republican 
support, defined full-time as an employee who works more than 30 hours a week. It is a strange definition—one that sounds more like France than the United States. 
The average American between the ages of 
25–49 works 8.8 hours per day, or 44 hours per week, according to the American Time of Use Survey published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
The Obamacare definition of full-time is 
nearly one-third lower. 
Many businesses can’t afford Obamacare’s 
mandate and must reduce their number of full-time employees. 
The result of all this is that thousands of 
workers are getting a pay cut. Their work schedules are being reduced to 29 hours a week and below. 
This is not enough money for these work-
ers to earn a living. Many must take second jobs. 
A Hoover Institution study found the 30- 
hour definition puts 2.6 million working-age Americans with a median income under $14,333 for individuals and $30,000 for families at risk of losing jobs and hours. The study found: 
89 percent of those affected don’t have a 
college degree. 
60 percent are between the ages of 19 and 
34. 
63 percent of those most at risk of lost 
hours are women, of which half have a high school diploma or less. 
These are Americans who are often work-
ing one of their first jobs, trying to work their way up the economic ladder. You have to start with a lower-paying job, a job that doesn’t require as many skills, and hope that someday your hard work will lead to a high-er-paying one. 
Many of these Americans are working in 
service industries, such as hospitality, retail and restaurants. But the Obamacare provi-sion is affecting all kinds of employers. 
In September 2014, Investor’s Business 
Daily reported that at least 451 employers, county governments, public schools, commu-nity colleges and universities across the country have laid off staff or reduced em-ployee work hours to comply with the new Obamacare definition of full time. 
Our public schools can’t charge higher 
prices to cover these mandates. They have to cut services like special education, coaches and bus drivers. 
Three surveys published by Federal Re-
serve Banks in August found employers are increasing their proportion of part-time workers. 
The Federal Reserve Banks of New York 
and Philadelphia specifically asked manufac-turers what changes they had made because of Obamacare, and in both cities, nearly 1 in 5 respondents reported that they had in-creased their proportion of part-time work-ers. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta also 
surveyed businesses about changes in part- time employment and found that 25 percent of respondents currently have a higher share of part-time workers primarily because ‘‘full-time employee compensation costs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.033 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S463 January 26, 2015 
have increased relative to those of part-time 
employees.’’ More troubling is that 31 per-cent of respondents believe they will have more part-time workers 2 years from now. 
There is bipartisan support for repealing 
this provision. This bill has 34 cosponsors— mostly Republicans, including every Repub-lican member of this committee—but Sen-ator D
ONNELLY and Senator M ANCHIN of West 
Virginia, also a Democrat, support it. 
Republicans have talked a lot about want-
ing to repair the damage of Obamacare. We have also talked about wanting to get re-sults. 
This bipartisan bill should be an important 
step to doing both. 
In fact, this reminds me of why so many of 
us like being on this committee—because the issues we work on affect so many Americans. 
When we talk about fixing No Child Left 
Behind, we’re talking about 50 million chil-dren in 100,000 public schools. 
When we talk about making it simpler to 
apply for a Pell Grant to go to college, we’re talking about simplifying a form that 20 mil-lion families fill out each year. 
When we talk about modernizing the Food 
and Drug Administration and making it easi-er for Americans to access lifesaving drugs, we’re talking about something that affects nearly every American. 
But today we are focused on 2.6 million 
Americans who are mostly low-income and at risk of losing jobs and hours. 
I look forward to hearing what our wit-
nesses have to say. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COMMEMORATE THE 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE RELEASE OF THE IRAN HOSTAGES 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to commemorate in the R
ECORD the an-
niversary of the release of the Iran hos-tages on this date in 1981. 
Soon the Senate will be consumed by 
a great debate regarding the proper strategic approach our Nation must take to ensure that Iran does not de-velop a nuclear weapons capability. To-morrow, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hear testimony from both State Department and the U.S. Treasury about the current state of play in negotiations with Iran. Next week, the Senate Banking Committee is meeting to consider perspectives on the strategic necessity of Iran sanc-tions that will further the debate. I, for one, welcome that important discus-sion, although I recognize that some of my colleagues hold views that are dif-ferent from my own on how best to contain Iran. 
There is, however, yet another im-
portant policy matter related to Iran that not only deserves but also de-mands the unified, bipartisan support of every Senator. Thirty-four years ago today, January 20, 1981, 52 of our fellow American citizens returned home after a harrowing 444-day ordeal of being il-legally held hostage in Iran. We sent these diplomats, Foreign Service per-sonnel, along with officers and enlisted members of our Armed Forces, to Iran in service to our Nation as they were seeking only to strengthen ties be-tween our two countries. There was even an American businessman in-volved. Nevertheless, they all paid dearly for this service by being forced to endure humiliating treatment, bru-
tal interrogations, mental and physical torture, and even mock firing squad executions while their families suffered endless waiting and genuine fear of their loved ones’ imminent demise. 
Although their return was a joyous 
occasion for our entire Nation and we celebrated as one people honoring our heroes, those 444 days took a toll not only on the hostages but also on their family members—a toll that continues for many to this day. Unfortunately, we failed to recognize both the long- term impact their incarceration expe-rience and ill treatment would have on many of them and the support they would need. In many instances, the re-sults have been tragic. Among the former hostages and their families, there have been suicides, advanced PTSD-type depression, divorces, alco-holism, and drug dependency. Unfortu-nately, Phil Ward, a communications officer from Virginia who committed suicide in the fall of 2012, was one who never fully recovered from the cruelty of those events. 
We must help to ease this burden and 
provide these brave Americans with the same measure of justice and heal-ing our courts have already awarded to other hostage victims and their fami-lies. While the Algiers Accords, the document which secured the release, bars the former hostages and their families from legal action against Iran for the brutality they endured, to this day they remain not only the first vic-tims of modern hostage-taking but the only Americans barred from seeking justice from Iran. The former hostages and their families have already waited more than three decades to experience the full support of the government they so heroically served and to see some accountability by their captors. Therefore, I will soon introduce legisla-tion to compensate the hostages and their families by assessing penalties on those who continue to do business with Iran in violation of U.S. sanctions pol-icy. This legislation, however, rep-resents but one solution to an issue that is three decades overdue. Another or perhaps an additional option would be to strongly recommend that as a condition of the ongoing nuclear nego-tiations, such compensation come di-rectly from ‘‘frozen’’ assets that for more than a year now have been re-leased to Iran at the rate of $700 mil-lion a month. 
Accordingly, I look forward to right-
ing this injustice by working with any or all of my colleagues as we stand united in support of the former hos-tages and their families. 
f 
PENN STATE UNIVERSITY 
WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the Penn State University Nittany Lions Women’s Volleyball pro-gram for winning the 2014 National Col-legiate Athletic Association, NCAA Championship. Led by four returning starters and 
legendary coach Russ Rose, the Penn State University Nittany Lions con-cluded the 2014 season by defeating the Brigham Young University Cougars in straight sets to win the NCAA Cham-pionship. The Nittany Lions finished with a record of 36 wins and only 3 losses. 
With the 2014 championship, the 
Nittany Lions have claimed six of the last eight NCAA Championships and seven overall in women’s volleyball, setting the record for the most wom-en’s volleyball championships by a sin-gle program in history. 
The 2014 Nittany Lions Women’s 
Volleyball team brought together a group of student-athletes who excelled both on the court and in the classroom. For their efforts on the court, four Nittany Lions were selected to the AVCA Division I All-America team, with Senior Micha Hancock earning both First-Team All-American honors and becoming the fourth Nittany Lion in program history to earn AVCA DI National Player of the Year honors. 
Special congratulations go to Junior 
Megan Courtney who was selected as the 2014 NCAA Tournament Most Out-standing Player and to Freshman Ali Frantti, who earned AVCA DI National Freshman of the Year honors. 
Not to be outdone in the classroom, 
six Nittany Lions earned spots on the Fall Academic All-Big Ten list for their academic performances this sea-son. 
Today I want to recognize the signifi-
cant contributions that the Penn State University Women’s Volleyball team has made to collegiate athletics and to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with Coach Russ Rose at the helm. I wish them all the best as they continue to lead by example for student-athletes everywhere and set the stage for the program’s continued success into the future. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, today the 
United States ranks 12th in the world in the percentage of 25–34 year olds achieving post-high school degrees. We need to make changes that help keep students engaged in their futures while also ensuring our educational programs are adequately preparing students for the jobs of the 21st century. 
Career and technical education, CTE, 
programs are proven to help keep stu-dents more engaged in the classroom and less likely to drop out of high school, and to help meet the needs of high-growth, skill-intensive industries looking for the next generation of workers. The U.S. Department of Edu-cation announced that the average U.S. high school graduation rate is 80 per-cent, while the graduation rate for stu-dents in CTE concentrations is higher than 90 percent. 81 percent of high school dropouts say real-world learning opportunities would have kept them in school. 
The Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act is a major source of Federal support for the development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.040 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S464 January 26, 2015 
of career and technical skills among 
secondary and postsecondary students. Last reauthorized in 2006, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act needs to be modernized to meet the demands of the 21st century workforce and ensure that students have access to the highest-quality CTE programs. 
This is why I am pleased to introduce 
with my colleagues, Senator P
ORTMAN  
and Senator B ALDWIN , the Educating 
Tomorrow’s Workforce Act, which would amend the Carl D. Perkins Ca-reer and Technical Education Act to raise the quality of CTE programs. This legislation defines what con-stitutes a rigorous CTE curriculum and requires Perkins grant recipients to in-corporate key high-quality elements in their programs including credit-trans-fer opportunities; academic and tech-nical skills assessments; training tools that align with today’s industries; CTE-focused professional development for teachers, administrators, and coun-selors; and CTE curriculum alignment with local, regional, and State work-force demands. Additionally, the bill improves links between high school and postsecondary education to help ease attainment of an industry recog-nized credential, license, apprentice-ship, or postsecondary certificate to obtain a job in a high-demand career field and promotes partnerships be-tween local businesses, and other com-munity stakeholders to create path-ways for students through work-based learning opportunities. 
When I was Governor of the Common-
wealth of Virginia, I worked on a num-ber of educational issues, but one that I was most proud of was starting the Governor’s Career and Technical Acad-emies. At the start of my term as Gov-ernor we had nine academies. The Re-publican Governor who followed me continued the academies, and at the end of his term there were 23. The Edu-cating Tomorrow’s Workforce Act en-courages these models and allows states and localities to use Perkins grant funding to establish CTE-focused academies. 
I am proud to introduce this com-
monsense, bipartisan legislation to raise the quality of CTE programs and ensure that high-quality career and technical education helps students de-velop skills that meet the needs of 21st century employers. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING DALTON VERNON 
MARTIN 
∑Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the memory and service of Dalton Vernon Martin, chief petty offi-cer, U.S. Navy, Retired, and sherriff’s deputy, East Baton Rouge Sherriff’s Department, who passed away 4 years ago, on January 23, 2011. Mr. Martin de-voted his life and career to the service of others which was evident in his com-bined 61 years of military and civil 
service to our great Nation and the Baton Rouge community. 
Born in St. Francisville, LA, Mr. 
Martin first excelled as a high school boxer, compiling a record of 63 vic-tories in 65 bouts. He dedicated that re-solve and fighting spirit towards serv-ing and defending his country, enlist-ing in the U.S. Navy to fight in World War II and the Korean war, including the Pacific battles of the Gilbert and Marshall Islands, Tarawa, and Oki-nawa. Mr. Martin served onboard the USS Charleston , USS Taswell , and the 
USS Indianapolis . 
After a distinguished 38-year career 
in the Armed Forces, Mr. Martin re-tired from active duty and embarked on a new mission of service as a deputy of the East Baton Rouge Sherriff’s Of-fice. Here, Mr. Martin spent 23 years protecting his fellow citizens and up-holding the rule of law. 
Mr. Martin lived a life of service, but 
he never sought to label himself as the hero he truly was. He spoke honestly and openly about the fear and sadness that are inseparable from the glory and honor of serving in combat. He was grateful for the opportunities afforded by his service to visit the farthest reaches of the world, but he served for no other reason than to defend his country and one day return home to his beloved Louisiana. 
If the measure of a person is by what 
they leave behind, then Mr. Martin sets a standard to which we should all as-pire. His life’s story is yet another tes-tament to the strength and legacy of the ‘‘greatest generation.’’ And for his wife Christy, his children Paul, John, and Susan, and his grandchildren Erin, Tristan, Madeleine, Jack, Lauren, and Caroline, his spirit and legacy live on. The country he helped to preserve as the greatest beacon for freedom and op-portunity in the world remains forever grateful. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MATTHEW J. WATTS 
∑Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor Pastor Matthew Watts, a dear friend and a truly inspiring West Vir-ginian whose ministry career spans more than three decades. 
I have personally known Reverend 
Watts for many years now, and he truly embodies what it means to be a great West Virginian. He is a man of deep conviction and unwavering pas-sion for justice. He is an uplifting force to many and a role model to many more. 
I have known Pastor Watts for many 
years, and as the former Governor, the reverend would visit often and bring me his thoughts, suggestions, and ideas. I always appreciated his sincere candor and genuine interest in improv-ing our state. 
As a native of Mount Hope, located in 
beautiful Fayette County, Pastor Watts currently serves as senior pastor of the Grace Bible Church of Charles-ton. He is a graduate of the West Vir-ginia Institute of Technology with a 
bachelor of science in civil engineering, which led to a 20-year career with the Union Carbide Corporation. His theo-logical study and training from the Moody Bible Institute of Chicago and the Christian Research and Develop-ment Center in Philadelphia, combined with his years of experience in cor-porate America, have blessed him with a vitally unique perspective on eco-nomic development. 
In December of 1996, he left Union 
Carbide to pursue his ministry and focus on community service projects. A year later, he established the HOPE Community Development Corporation, a nonprofit organization with the mis-sion of empowering inner-city commu-nities through spiritual renewal, edu-cation, employment training and eco-nomic development. 
With this perspective, he developed 
Kingdom Management Consultants, which assists minority owned busi-nesses with startup and expansion, as well as provides supportive strategies to those seeking employment. 
His active community involvement 
has truly set the standard in West Vir-ginia throughout the years. Much of his community service is still done through the HOPE Community Devel-opment Corporation, which now has a branch specifically for youth. 
Reverend Watts always amazes me 
with his unique ability to relate to strangers. While he is strong in stature and his voice is so commanding, his ap-proach is dynamic, sincere, and com-posed. 
His years of unwavering service and 
leadership have certainly not gone un-recognized. In 1996, he received the West Virginia Small Business Adminis-tration’s Small Business Advocate of the Year Award. In 2002, Pastor Watts was awarded the Washington Times Foundation Leadership Award for Faith Based Organization of the Year. He was also the 2004 recipient of the Crown of Peace Award for Exemplary Leadership in Reconciliation and Peacemaking from the Inter-religious and International Peace Council. 
Pastor Watts is a strong leader, men-
tor, and friend to so many within West Virginia. It takes a truly remarkable individual to accomplish so much in community service. Particularly now, having just celebrated Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr. Day and as we near Black History Month, it is fitting that we should celebrate such an inspiring individual as Pastor Watts. His com-munity service programs have empow-ered countless minority groups within our State and are sure to continue the tradition of excellence for many years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.042 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S465 January 26, 2015 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 4:33 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 7. An act to prohibit taxpayer funded 
abortions. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members of the House of Representa-tives to the Joint Economic Com-mittee: Mr. A
MASH of Michigan, Mr. 
PAULSEN of Minnesota, Mr. H ANNA of 
New York, Mr. S CHWEIKERT of Arizona, 
and Mr. G ROTHMAN of Wisconsin. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 7. An act to prohibit taxpayer funded 
abortions; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–371. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Final Sequestration Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2015’’ ; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Committee on Ethics; Fi-nance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judiciary; Rules and Administration; Small Business and Entrepreneurship; and Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–372. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Office of the Sec-retary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Secretary for Children and Fam-ilies (Family Support), Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–373. A communication from the Deputy 
Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule 
entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund, ETC An-nual Reports and Certifications, Petition of USTelecom for Forbearance Pursuant to 47 U.S.C. 160(c) from Obsolete ILEC Regulatory Obligations that Inhibit Deployment of Next-Generation Networks’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (FCC 14–190)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 21, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–374. A communication from the Acting 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rural Call Completion’’ ((RIN3060–AJ89) (FCC 14–175)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 21, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–375. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Modernizing the E- rate Program for Schools and Libraries, Con-nect America Fund’’ ((RIN3060–AF85) (FCC 14–189)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 21, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–376. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0567)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–377. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XD656) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 22, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–378. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustain-able Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Framework Action to Mod-ify the Commercial Annual Catch/Limit An-nual Catch Target Regulations for Three In-dividual Fishing Quota Species Complexes’’ (RIN0648–BE23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–379. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustain-able Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Transshipment, Port Inspection, and Vessel Identification’’ (RIN0648–BE12) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–380. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2015 Gulf of Alaska Pollock and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts’’ (RIN0648–XD688) received in the Office of the President of the 
Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–381. A communication from the Chief of 
the Recovery and State Grants Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Status for the Mexican Wolf’’ (RIN1018–AY00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–382. A communication from the Chief of 
the Recovery and State Grants Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Revision to the Regulations for the Nonessential Experi-mental Population of the Mexican Wolf’’ (RIN1018–AY46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–383. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Listing Branch, Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Threatened Status for the Western Distinct Population Segment of the Yellow-billed Cuckoo (Coccyzus americanus)’’ (RIN1018– AY53) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–384. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Foreign Species Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing the Straight-Horned Markhor as Threatened With a Rule Under Section 4(d) of the ESA’’ (RIN1018–AY42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–385. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Late Seasons and Bag and Possession Limits for Certain Mi-gratory Game Birds’’ (RIN1018–AZ80) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–386. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Final Frameworks for Late-Season Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations’’ (RIN1018–AZ80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–387. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations on Certain Federal In-dian Reservations and Ceded Lands for the 2014–15 Late Season’’ (RIN1018–AZ80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–388. A communication from the Chief of 
the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Gunnison Sage- grouse’’ (RIN1018–AX71) received in the Of-
fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–389. A communication from the Chief of 
the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.002 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S466 January 26, 2015 
and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Status for Gunnison Sage-grouse’’ (RIN1018– AZ20) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI, from the Committee 
on Energy and Natural Resources, without amendment: 
S. Res. 39. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ): 
S. 250. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit threats against former Vice Presidents and members of their families, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M ARKEY , and 
Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 251. A bill to aid and support pediatric 
involvement in reading and education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 252. A bill to prohibit the consideration 
of any bill by Congress unless a statement on tax transparency is provided in the bill; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 253. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congres-sional oversight and reduce reporting bur-dens; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. S COTT): 
S. 254. A bill to lower health premiums and 
increase choice for small businesses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 255. A bill to restore the integrity of the 
Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: 
S. Res. 39. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources; from the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
M
URPHY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. K ING): 
S. Res. 40. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding efforts by the United States and others to prevent Iran 
from developing a nuclear weapon; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. Res. 41. A resolution congratulating the 
North Dakota State University football team for winning the 2014 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Division I Foot-ball Championship Subdivision title; consid-ered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 11 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 11, a bill to protect the separation of powers in the Constitu-tion of the United States by ensuring that the President takes care that the laws be faithfully executed, and for other purposes. 
S. 48 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. T HUNE ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 48, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against the unborn on the basis of sex or gender, and for other purposes. 
S. 73 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Montana 
(Mr. D AINES ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 73, a bill to prohibit the Federal Government from mandating, incentivizing, or coercing States to adopt the Common Core State Stand-ards or any other specific academic standards, instructional content, cur-ricula, assessments, or programs of in-struction. 
S. 85 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 85, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish a simplified income- driven repayment plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 108 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Utah (Mr. 
HATCH ) and the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 108, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to improve ac-cess for students to Federal grants and loans to help pay for postsecondary, graduate, and professional educational opportunities, and for other purposes. 
S. 143 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
143, a bill to allow for improvements to the United States Merchant Marine Academy and for other purposes. 
S. 158 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 158, a bill to authorize health insurance issuers to continue to offer for sale current group health in-surance coverage in satisfaction of the minimum essential health insurance coverage requirement, and for other purposes. 
S. 165 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
165, a bill to extend and enhance prohi-bitions and limitations with respect to the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from 
Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 167, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pro-vide for the conduct of annual evalua-tions of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 168 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Georgia 
(Mr. P ERDUE ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 168, a bill to codify and modify regulatory requirements of Federal agencies. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 178, a bill to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking. 
S. 183 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
183, a bill to repeal the annual fee on health insurance providers enacted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 200 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
200, a bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to provide for mac-roeconomic analysis of the impact of major revenue legislation. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
203, a bill to restore Americans’ indi-vidual liberty by striking the Federal mandate to purchase insurance. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Mar 15 2010 04:27 Nov 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\S26JA5.REC S26JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S467 January 26, 2015 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 207, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use ex-isting authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S.J. Res. 5, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contribu-tions and expenditures intended to af-fect elections. 
S. RES. 35 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ), the Senator 
from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ), the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the 
Senator from Idaho (Mr. R ISCH), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ), the 
Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. B OOKER ), the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), the Senator from 
Utah (Mr. H ATCH ), the Senator from 
Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ), the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) and the Senator 
from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. Res. 35, a resolution commemorating the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz ex-termination camp in Nazi-occupied Po-land. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of amendment No. 48 in-tended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Dela-
ware (Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ), the Sen-
ator from Montana (Mr. T ESTER ), the 
Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M UR-
PHY) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. 
DONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 92 intended to be pro-posed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. 
MARKEY , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 251. A bill to aid and support pedi-
atric involvement in reading and edu-cation; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I in-
troduce with my colleague, Senator G
RASSLEY , the Prescribe a Book Act I thank Senators M ARKEY , STABENOW , 
and W ARREN for joining us as original 
cosponsors of this bipartisan bill. 
Literacy skills are the foundation for 
success in school and in life. Devel-oping and building these skills begins at home, with parents as the first teachers. Children who are read to fre-quently at home are more likely to be-come frequent readers themselves in 
later years. Indeed, according to Scho-lastic’s Kids and Families Reading Re-port, among children ages 6–11, 60 per-cent of frequent readers, those who read 57 days per week for fun, were read to aloud by a parent 5–7 times per week before they entered kindergarten. This highlights the important role that parents play in building their chil-dren’s literacy skills. 
To help support the parental role in 
literacy, the Prescribe a Book Act would create a federal pediatric early literacy grant initiative based on the long-standing, successful Reach Out and Read program. The program would award grants on a competitive basis to high-quality nonprofit entities to train doctors and nurses to discuss with par-ents the importance of reading aloud to their children and to give books to children at pediatric check-ups from 6 months to 5 years of age, with a pri-ority for children from low-income families. It builds on the relationship between parents and medical providers and helps families and communities en-courage early literacy skills so chil-dren enter school prepared for success in reading. 
I was pleased to see last year that 
the American Academy of Pediatrics, AAP, recognized the important role that pediatric providers play in en-hancing children’s literacy skills In a policy statement, AAP recommended that pediatric providers promote early literacy development for children from birth to at least kindergarten entry, including by counseling parents on the importance of reading to their children and through providing age-appropriate books to high-risk, low-income young children. 
Evidence shows that that the pedi-
atric literacy model works. Research published in peer-reviewed, scientific journals has found that parents who have participated in the Reach out and Read program are significantly more likely to read to their children and in-clude more children’s books in their home, and that children served by the program show an increase of 4–8 points on vocabulary tests. I have seen up close the positive impact of this pro-gram on children and their families when visiting a number of Rhode Is-land’s Reach Out and Read sites. Build-ing on existing efforts, which in the past have been supported by Federal funding included in the appropriations process and distributed by the Depart-ment of Education, and matched by tens of millions of dollars from the pri-vate sector and State governments, the Prescribe a Book Act would establish a formal authorization modeled on this type of successful public-private part-
nership. By so doing, it would leverage Federal dollars to expand pediatric lit-eracy initiatives so that more young children reap the developmental bene-fits of having books at home and being read to by their parents. 
I urge our colleagues to join us in co-
sponsoring the Prescribe a Book Act, and to work to include its provisions in the upcoming reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 252. A bill to prohibit the consider-
ation of any bill by Congress unless a statement on tax transparency is pro-vided in the bill; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 252 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Trans-
parency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TAX EFFECT TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 1, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 102 the following: 
‘‘§ 102a. Tax effect transparency 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each Act of Congress, 
bill, resolution, conference report thereon, or amendment there to, that modifies Federal tax law shall contain a statement describing the general effect of the modification on Federal tax law. 
‘‘(b) F
AILURE TO COMPLY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A failure to comply with 
subsection (a) shall give rise to a point of order in either House of Congress, which may be raised by any Senator during consider-ation in the Senate or any Member of the House of Representatives during consider-ation in the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(2) N
ONEXCLUSIVITY .—The availability of a 
point of order under this section shall not af-fect the availability of any other point of order. 
‘‘(c) D
ISPOSITION OF POINT OF ORDER IN THE  
SENATE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any Senator may raise a 
point of order that any matter is not in order under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any Senator may move 
to waive a point of order raised under para-graph (1) by an affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Senators duly chosen and sworn. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES .—For a motion to waive 
a point of order under subparagraph (A) as to a matter— 
‘‘(i) a motion to table the point of order 
shall not be in order; 
‘‘(ii) all motions to waive one or more 
points of order under this section as to the matter shall be debatable for a total of not more than 1 hour, equally divided between the Senator raising the point of order and the Senator moving to waive the point of order or their designees; and 
‘‘(iii) a motion to waive the point of order 
shall not be amendable. 
‘‘(d) D
ISPOSITION OF POINT OF ORDER IN THE  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a Member of the House 
of Representatives makes a point of order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.008 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S468 January 26, 2015 
under this section, the Chair shall put the 
question of consideration with respect to the proposition of whether any statement made under subsection (a) was adequate or, in the absence of such a statement, whether a statement is required under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—For a point of order 
under this section made in the House of Rep-resentatives— 
‘‘(A) the question of consideration shall be 
debatable for 10 minutes, equally divided and controlled by the Member making the point of order and by an opponent, but shall other-wise be decided without intervening motion except one that the House of Representatives adjourn or that the Committee of the Whole rise, as the case may be; 
‘‘(B) in selecting the opponent, the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives should first recognize an opponent from the opposing party; and 
‘‘(C) the disposition of the question of con-
sideration with respect to a measure shall be considered also to determine the question of consideration under this section with respect to an amendment made in order as original text. 
‘‘(e) R
ULEMAKING AUTHORITY .—The provi-
sions of this section are enacted by the Con-gress— 
‘‘(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, respectively, and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of each House, respectively, or of that House to which they specifically apply, and such rules shall su-persede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent therewith; and 
‘‘(2) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change such rules (so far as relating to such House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of such House.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of chapter 2 of title 1, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 102 the following new item: 
‘‘102a. Tax effect transparency.’’. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 39—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 39 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its dis-cretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, 
use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,219,522. 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this section shall not exceed $5,519,181. 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this section shall not exceed $2,299,659. 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 40—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING EFFORTS BY THE UNITED STATES AND OTHERS TO PREVENT IRAN FROM DEVELOPING A NUCLEAR WEAPON 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
M
URPHY , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
Mr. T ESTER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mr. K ING) submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 40 
Whereas any acquisition by the Govern-
ment of the Islamic Republic of Iran of a nu-clear weapon would pose a grave threat to 
international peace and stability and the na-tional security of the United States and United States allies, including Israel; 
Whereas the Government of the Islamic 
Republic of Iran is a leading state sponsor of terrorism, continues to materially support the regime of Bashar al-Assad, and is respon-sible for continuing and gross violations of the human rights of the people of Iran; 
Whereas, since 2006, the United Nations Se-
curity Council has adopted multiple resolu-tions demanding an end to the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran’s illicit nu-clear activities and Iran’s full cooperation with the International Atomic Energy Agen-cy (IAEA) regarding its nuclear program and international commitments; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has led the international community in im-posing costly economic sanctions against the 
Islamic Republic of Iran, which have contrib-uted to the decision of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to return to the negotiating table and provided leverage to press Iran’s leaders to agree to end Iran’s il-licit nuclear activities; 
Whereas the Government of the Islamic 
Republic of Iran entered the present negotia-tion with the five permanent Member States of the United Nations Security Council, plus Germany (the ‘‘P5+1’’), having previously violated its commitments under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weap-ons, done at Washington, London, and Mos-cow July 1, 1968, and not complied with mul-tiple United Nations Security Council Reso-lutions; 
Whereas the Joint Plan of Action, also 
known as the interim agreement, was en-tered into by the P5+1 and Iran on November 24, 2013, in order to facilitate good faith ne-gotiations toward a final comprehensive agreement that prevents Iran from devel-oping a nuclear weapon; 
Whereas, under the Joint Plan of Action, 
the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran has ceased enrichment of near-20 per-cent uranium gas, eliminated its stockpile of near-20 percent uranium gas, halted signifi-cant construction activities at the Arak nu-clear reactor, halted the installation of addi-tional centrifuges and not operated its most advanced centrifuges to accumulate enriched uranium, agreed to more intrusive inter-national inspections of its enrichment sites and provided managed access to its cen-trifuge assembly workshops, centrifuge rotor production workshops and storage facilities, and uranium mines and mills; 
Whereas the International Atomic Energy 
Agency concluded in a January 20, 2015, re-port that Iran has not enriched uranium above 5 percent at any of its declared facili-ties, has not made ‘‘any further advances’’ to its activities at the Natanz and Fordow fuel enrichment plants or the Arak reactor, and has continued to provide managed access to uranium mines and mills, daily access to the enrichment facilities at Natanz and Fordow, and managed access to centrifuge assembly workshops, rotor production workshops, and storage facilities; 
Whereas the P5+1 and Iran have extended 
the terms of the Joint Plan of Action and have set a target date for reaching a polit-ical framework agreement by the end of March 2015 and a deadline of July 1, 2015, to reach a final comprehensive agreement, in-cluding relevant technical annexes; 
Whereas, in a public speech on January 12, 
2015, United States Permanent Representa-tive to the United Nations Samantha Power stated that, ‘‘increasing sanctions would dra-matically undermine our efforts to reach this shared goal . . . of getting Iran to give up its nuclear program’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.010 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S469 January 26, 2015 
Whereas, during a press conference on Jan-
uary 16, 2015, Prime Minister David Cameron stated that, ‘‘it’s the opinion of the United Kingdom that further sanctions [against Iran] or further threat of sanctions at this 
point won’t actually help to bring the talks to a successful conclusion and they could fracture the international unity that there’s been, which has been so valuable in pre-senting a united front to Iran’’; 
Whereas, during a press conference on Jan-
uary 16, 2015, President Barack Obama stat-ed, ‘‘On Iran, we remain absolutely com-mitted to ensuring that Iran cannot develop a nuclear weapon. The best way to achieve that now is to create the space for negotia-tions to succeed. We should not impose fur-ther sanctions now; that would be counter-productive and it could put at risk the valu-able international unity that has been so crucial to our approach.’’; 
Whereas any final comprehensive agree-
ment with the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran must prevent Iran from de-veloping a nuclear weapon in any manner; 
Whereas any final comprehensive agree-
ment with the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran must allow for the prompt reimposition of sanctions if the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran fails to com-ply with the final comprehensive agreement; and 
Whereas Congress retains the sole author-
ity to repeal statutory sanctions against the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that the Senate— 
(1) reaffirms that it is the policy of the 
United States that the Government of the Is-lamic Republic of Iran will not be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon and that all instru-ments of United States power and influence must remain on the table to prevent this outcome; 
(2) supports the ongoing diplomatic efforts 
of the United States Government and the members of the P5+1 countries to reach a comprehensive agreement with Iran that prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weap-on; 
(3) affirms that support for the prompt re-
imposition of suspended sanctions as well as the imposition of additional sanctions against Iran would be strong and widespread in the Senate in the event— 
(A) negotiations fail to achieve a com-
prehensive agreement; 
(B) Iran violates the Joint Plan of Action; 
or 
(C) Iran violates any final comprehensive 
agreement on its nuclear program; 
(4) agrees that future new sanctions 
against Iran may include measures further targeting Iran’s energy, financial, and stra-tegic economic sectors, and its foreign cur-rency transactions, as well as the designa-tion of additional Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran officials linked to its illicit nuclear program and sanctions evasion; and 
(5) supports the universal rights and demo-
cratic aspirations of the people of Iran. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 41—CON-
GRATULATING THE NORTH DA-KOTA STATE UNIVERSITY FOOT-BALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2014 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP SUB-DIVISION TITLE 
Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 41 
Whereas the North Dakota State Univer-
sity (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘NDSU’’) Bison won the 2014 National Colle-giate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Football Championship Subdivision title game in Frisco, Texas, on January 10, 2015, in a hard-fought victory over the Illinois State Redbirds by a score of 29 to 27; 
Whereas NDSU has won 12 NCAA Football 
Championships; 
Whereas NDSU has now won 4 consecutive 
NCAA Football Championships since 2011, an unprecedented achievement in Football Championship Subdivision history; 
Whereas the NDSU Bison have displayed 
tremendous resilience and skill over the past 4 seasons, with 58 wins to only 3 losses, in-cluding a streak of 33 consecutive winning games; 
Whereas an estimated 17,000 Bison fans at-
tended the Championship game, reflecting the tremendous spirit and dedication of Bison Nation that has helped propel the suc-cess of the team; and 
Whereas the 2014 NCAA Division I Football 
Championship Subdivision title was a vic-tory not only for the NDSU football team, but also for the entire State of North Da-kota: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the North Dakota State 
University football team as the 2014 cham-pion of the National Collegiate Athletic As-sociation Division I Football Championship Subdivision; 
(2) commends the North Dakota State Uni-
versity players, coaches, and staff for their hard work and dedication; and 
(3) recognizes the students, alumni, and 
loyal fans that supported the Bison in their successful quest to capture another Division I trophy for North Dakota State University. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 144. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 145. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 146. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 147. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 148. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, 
Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. H EINRICH ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 149. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 150. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 151. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 75 proposed by Mr. C
ARDIN to the amend-
ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 152. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 153. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 154. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. C
ANT-
WELL , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 155. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 156. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 157. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 158. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 159. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 160. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 161. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 162. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 163. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 164. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 165. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 166. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.013 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S470 January 26, 2015 
SA 167. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 168. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 169. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 170. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 171. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 172. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 173. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 98 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI to the amendment SA 2 proposed by 
Ms. M URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 174. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 175. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 176. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 177. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 178. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 179. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 180. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 142 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 181. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 146 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed to the 
bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 182. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 149 submitted by Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND and intended to be proposed to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 183. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 170 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEYand intended to be proposed to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 184. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 178 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEYand intended to be proposed to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 185. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 141 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 186. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 140 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 187. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 139 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 188. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 138 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 189. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 137 submitted by Mr. M
AR-
KEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 190. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 134 submitted by Mr. M
AR-KEYand intended to be proposed to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 191. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 130 submitted by Mrs. B
OXER  
(for herself and Ms. C ANTWELL ) and intended 
to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 192. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 128 submitted by Mrs. B
OXER  
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 193. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 121 submitted by Mr. C
ARPER  
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 194. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 9 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 195. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 10 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 196. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 37 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN  
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 197. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 54 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 198. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 55 submitted by Mr. P
ETERS  
(for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) and intended 
to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 199. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 57 submitted by Mrs. B
OXER  
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 200. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 82 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.015 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S471 January 26, 2015 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 201. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 81 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 202. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 70 submitted by Mr. P
ETERS  
(for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) and intended 
to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 203. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 131 submitted by Ms. C
ANT-
WELL (for herself and Mrs. B OXER ) and in-
tended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 204. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 205. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 206. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 207. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 116 submitted by Mr. C
OONS  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 208. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 60 submitted by Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 209. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 60 submitted by Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 210. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 60 submitted by Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 211. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 31 submitted by Mr. K
AINE 
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 212. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 31 submitted by Mr. K
AINE 
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 213. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 31 submitted by Mr. K
AINE 
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 214. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 114 submitted by Mr. C
OONS  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 215. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 114 submitted by Mr. C
OONS  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 216. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 114 submitted by Mr. C
OONS  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 217. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 115 submitted by Mr. C
OONS  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 218. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 115 submitted by Mr. C
OONS  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 219. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 11 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 220. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 11 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 221. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 11 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 222. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 8 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 223. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 8 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 224. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 8 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 225. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 7 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 226. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 7 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 227. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 7 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.016 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S472 January 26, 2015 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to 
lie on the table. 
SA 228. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 12 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 229. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 12 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 230. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 12 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 231. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 6 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 232. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 6 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 233. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 6 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 234. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 115 submitted by Mr. C
OONS  
and intended to be proposed to the amend-ment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) 
to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 235. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 145 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed to the 
bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 236. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 145 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed to the 
bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 237. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 145 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed to the 
bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 238. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 55 submitted by Mr. P
ETERS  
(for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) and intended 
to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 239. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 75 proposed by Mr. C
ARDIN to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 240. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ  
and intended to be proposed to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 241. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 242. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 144. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FOREST CARBON INCENTIVES PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C LIMATE MITIGATION CONTRACT ; CON-
TRACT .—The term ‘‘climate mitigation con-
tract’’ or ‘‘contract’’ means a 15-year con-tract that specifies— 
(A) the eligible practices that will be un-
dertaken; 
(B) the acreage of eligible land on which 
the practices will be undertaken; 
(C) the agreed rate of compensation per 
acre; and 
(D) a schedule to verify that the terms of 
the contract have been fulfilled. 
(2) C
ONSERVATION EASEMENT AGREEMENT ; 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘conservation ease-
ment agreement’’ or ‘‘agreement’’ means a permanent conservation easement that— 
(A) covers eligible land that will not be 
converted for development; 
(B) is enrolled under a climate mitigation 
contract; and 
(C) is consistent with the guidelines for— (i) the Forest Legacy Program established 
under section 7 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2103c); or 
(ii) any other program approved by the 
Secretary for use under this section to pro-vide consistency with Federal legal require-ments for permanent conservation ease-ments. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE LAND .—The term ‘‘eligible 
land’’ means forest land in the United States that is privately owned at the time of initi-
ation of a climate mitigation contract or conservation easement agreement. 
(4) E
LIGIBLE PRACTICE .—The term ‘‘eligible 
practice’’ means a forestry practice, includ-ing improved forest management that pro-duces marketable forest products, that is de-termined by the Secretary to provide meas-urable increases in carbon sequestration and storage beyond customary practices on com-parable land. 
(5) F
OREST CARBON INCENTIVES PROGRAM ; 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘forest carbon incen-
tives program’’ or ‘‘program’’ means the for-est carbon incentives program established under subsection (b)(1). 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Agriculture. 
(b) S UPPLEMENTAL GREENHOUSE GASEMIS-
SION REDUCTIONS IN UNITED STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a forest carbon incentives program to achieve supplemental greenhouse gas emis-sion reductions and carbon sequestration on private forest land of the United States through— 
(A) climate mitigation contracts; and (B) conservation easement agreements. (2) P
RIORITY .—In selecting projects under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall provide a priority for contracts and agreements— 
(A) that sequester the most carbon on a per 
acre basis; and 
(B) that create forestry jobs or protect 
habitats and achieve significant other envi-ronmental, economic, and social benefits. 
(3) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—To participate in the pro-
gram, an owner of eligible land shall enter into a climate mitigation contract. 
(B) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PROGRAMS .—An 
owner or operator shall not be prohibited from participating in the program due to participation of the owner or operator in other Federal or State conservation assist-ance programs. 
(4) R
EVERSALS .—In developing regulations 
for climate mitigation contracts under this subsection, the Secretary shall specify re-quirements to address intentional or unin-tentional reversal of carbon sequestration during the contract and agreement period. 
(c) I
NCENTIVE PAYMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide to owners of eligible land financial in-centive payments for— 
(A) eligible practices that measurably in-
crease carbon sequestration and storage over a designated period on eligible land, as speci-fied through a climate mitigation contract; and 
(B) subject to paragraph (2), conservation 
easements on eligible land covered under a conservation easement agreement. 
(2) N
O CONSERVATION EASEMENT AGREEMENT  
REQUIRED .—Eligibility for financial incentive 
payments under a climate mitigation con-tract described in paragraph (1)(A) shall not require a conservation easement agreement. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue regulations that speci-fy eligible practices and related compensa-tion rates, standards, and guidelines as the basis for entering into the program with owners of eligible land. 
(e) S
ET-ASIDE OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN PUR-
POSES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the 
Secretary, a portion of program funds made available under this program for a fiscal year may be used— 
(A) to develop forest carbon modeling and 
methodologies that will improve the projec-tion of carbon gains for any forest practices made eligible under the program; 
(B) to provide additional incentive pay-
ments for specified management activities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.018 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S473 January 26, 2015 
that increase the adaptive capacity of land 
under a climate mitigation contract; and 
(C) for the Forest Inventory and Analysis 
Program of the Forest Service to develop im-proved measurement and monitoring of for-est carbon stocks. 
(2) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In establishing 
the program, the Secretary shall provide that funds provided under this section shall not be substituted for, or otherwise used as a basis for reducing, funding authorized or ap-propriated under other programs to com-pensate owners of eligible land for activities that are not covered under the program. 
(f) P
ROGRAM MEASUREMENT , M ONITORING , 
VERIFICATION , ANDREPORTING .— 
(1) M EASUREMENT , MONITORING , AND 
VERIFICATION .—The Secretary shall establish 
and implement protocols that provide moni-toring and verification of compliance with the program, including both direct and indi-rect effects and any reversal of sequestra-tion. 
(2) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—At least an-
nually, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report that contains— 
(A) an estimate of annual and cumulative 
reductions achieved as a result of the pro-gram, determined using standardized meas-ures, including measures of economic effi-ciency; 
(B) a summary of any changes to the pro-
gram that will be made as a result of pro-gram measurement, monitoring, and verification; 
(C) the total number of acres enrolled in 
the program by method; and 
(D) a State-by-State summary of the data. (3) A
VAILABILITY OF REPORT .—Each report 
required by this subsection shall be available to the public through the website of the De-partment of Agriculture. 
(4) P
ROGRAM ADJUSTMENTS .—At least once 
every 2 years the Secretary shall adjust eli-gible practices and compensation rates for future climate mitigation contracts based on the results of monitoring under paragraph (1) and reporting under paragraph (2). 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as are nec-essary. 
SA 145. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
CLIMATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) Congress is in agreement with the opin-
ion of virtually the entire worldwide sci-entific community and a growing number of top national security experts, economists, and others that— 
(A) climate change is real; (B) human activities contribute to climate 
change; and 
(C) climate change has already begun to 
cause problems in the United States and around the world; 
(2) the Energy Information Administration 
projects that fossil fuels could continue to produce 68 percent of the electricity in the United States through 2040; and 
(3) it is imperative that the United States 
invest in research and development for clean fossil fuel technology. 
SA 146. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 2, line 3, insert ‘‘, on the condition 
that any steel purchased or used for the con-struction, operation, or maintenance of the pipeline and cross-border facilities after the date of enactment of this Act shall be manu-factured in the United States, or, if the steel purchased or used is not manufactured in the United States, TransCanada Keystone Pipe-line, L.P. shall certify that no such steel is available for purchase’’ before the period. 
SA 147. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 2, insert the following: 
Section ll. Sense of Congress Regarding Green 
Building Programs. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) The U.S. building sector consumes near-
ly 40 percent of the nation’s energy. 
(2) Investments in building efficiency are 
among the most cost-effective, energy-sav-ing measures the federal government can de-ploy to save money for taxpayers, families and businesses, grow the domestic economy, create jobs, reduce emissions and make the United States more energy secure. 
i. The State Energy Program converts 
every dollar of federal finding into $7.22 in energy cost savings, according to a study by Oak Ridge National Laboratory. The study also found that for every $1 of State Energy Program federal funding, the program leverages $10.71 in state and non-federal funds. 
ii. The Weatherization Assistance Program 
saves low-income families up to 22.9 percent on their home energy costs. 
iii. From 2009 to 2011, the Federal Energy 
Management Program arranged energy sav-ings performance contracts that leveraged almost $1.2 billion in private-sector invest-ment to save the federal government and taxpayers more than $3.5 billion in energy and water costs. 
iv. A 2012 analysis of federal appliance and 
equipment efficiency standards prepared by the American Council for an Energy Effi-cient Economy and the Appliance Standards Awareness Project found that federal effi-ciency standards already established would save consumers about $27 billion in 2010, in-creasing to $61 billion in 2025. 
(3) Federal building energy efficiency pro-
grams related to the construction and oper-ations and maintenance of buildings play a key role in cost-effectively reducing energy and water waste in both the private and pub-lic sector. 
(4) Reducing energy and water use in build-
ings requires a network of federal programs that strategically target different segments of the diverse building sector and use a vari-ety of approaches. 
(5) The Government Accountability Office 
report, entitled ‘‘2012 Annual Report: Oppor-tunities to Reduce Duplication, Overlap and Fragmentation, Achieve Savings, and En-hance Revenue’’ recommends enhanced co-ordination between agencies to increase ef-fectiveness of complimentary programs. This report did not find any specific instances of program duplication and it did not rec-ommend the elimination of any green build-ing programs. 
(b) Sense of Congress—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
1. The federal government successfully em-
ploys a variety of federal green building pro-grams to address the complex challenge of 
reducing energy and water waste in build-ings. 
2. Federal green building programs save 
U.S. families, taxpayers and businesses en-ergy and money, boost domestic job creation and strengthen the U.S. economy. 
3. The federal government should encour-
age enhanced coordination between agencies, State and local governments, tribes and the private-sector to increase continued effec-tiveness and avoid unnecessary duplication of federal green building programs. 
SA 148. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self, Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. U DALL , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , and 
Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CAMPAIGN FINANCE DISCLOSURES BY 
THOSE PROFITING FROM TAR SANDS DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 304 of the Federal Election Cam-
paign Act of 1974 (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE BY TARSANDS BENE-
FICIARIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL DISCLOSURE .—Every covered 
entity which has made covered disburse-ments and received covered transfers in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 during the period beginning on December 1, 2012, and ending on the date that is 165 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall file with the Commission a statement containing the information described in paragraph (2) not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT DISCLOSURES .—Every cov-
ered entity which makes covered disburse-ments (other than covered disbursement re-ported under subparagraph (A))and received covered transfers (other than a covered transfer reported under subparagraph (A)) in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 dur-ing any calendar year shall, within 48 hours of each disclosure date, file with the Com-mission a statement containing the informa-tion described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF STATEMENT .—Each state-
ment required to be filed under this sub-section shall be made under penalty of per-jury and shall contain the following informa-tion: 
‘‘(A) The identification of the person mak-
ing the disbursement or receiving the trans-fer, of any person sharing or exercising direc-tion or control over the activities of such person, and of the custodian of the books and accounts of the person making the disburse-ment or receiving the transfer. 
‘‘(B) The principal place of business of the 
person making the disbursement or receiving the transfer, if not an individual. 
‘‘(C) The amount of each disbursement or 
transfer of more than $200 during the period covered by the statement and the identifica-tion of the person to whom the disbursement was made or from whom the transfer was re-ceived. 
‘‘(D) The elections to which the disburse-
ments or transfers pertain and the names (if known) of the candidates involved. 
‘‘(E) If the disbursements were paid out of 
a segregated bank account which consists of funds contributed solely by individuals who are United States citizens or nationals or lawfully admitted for permanent residence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.020 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S474 January 26, 2015 
(as defined in section 101(a)(20) of the Immi-
gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20))) directly to this account for elec-tioneering communications, the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to that account during— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. Nothing in this subparagraph is to be con-strued as a prohibition on the use of funds in such a segregated account for a purpose other than covered disbursements. 
‘‘(F) If the disbursements were paid out of 
funds not described in subparagraph (E), the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to the person making the disbursement during— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—For purposes of this 
subsection— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(i) any person who is described in sub-
paragraph (B), and 
‘‘(ii) any person who owns 5 percent or 
more of any person described in subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-
scribed in this subparagraph if such person— 
‘‘(i) holds one or more tar sands leases, or ‘‘(ii) has received revenues or stands to re-
ceive revenues of $1,000,000 or greater from tar sands production, including revenues re-ceived in connection with— 
‘‘(I) exploration of tar sands; ‘‘(II) extraction of tar sands; ‘‘(III) processing of tar sands; ‘‘(IV) building, maintaining, and upgrading 
the Keystone XL pipeline and other related pipelines used in connection with tar sands; 
‘‘(V) expanding refinery capacity or build-
ing, expanding, and retrofitting import and export terminals in connection with tar sands; 
‘‘(VI) transportation by pipeline, rail, and 
barge of tar sands; 
‘‘(VII) refinement of tar sands; ‘‘(VIII) importing crude, refined oil, or by-
products derived from tar sands crude; 
‘‘(IX) exporting crude, byproducts, or re-
fined oil derived from tar sands crude; and 
‘‘(X) use of production byproducts from tar 
sands, such as petroleum coke for energy generation. 
‘‘(C) T
AR SANDS .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the term ‘tar sands’ means bitu-men from the West Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
‘‘(4) C
OVERED DISBURSEMENT .—For purposes 
of this subsection, the term ‘covered dis-bursement’ means a disbursement for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) An independent expenditure. ‘‘(B) A broadcast, cable, or satellite com-
munication (other than a communication de-scribed in subsection (f)(3)(B)) which— 
‘‘(i) refers to a clearly identified candidate 
for Federal office; 
‘‘(ii) is made— ‘‘(I) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, during the pe-riod beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which a general or runoff election is held and ending on the date of the general or runoff election (or in the case of a special 
election, during the period beginning on the date on which the announcement with re-spect to such election is made and ending on the date of the special election); or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President, is made in any State during the period beginning 120 days before the first primary election, caucus, or pref-erence election held for the selection of dele-gates to a national nominating convention of a political party is held in any State (or, if no such election or caucus is held in any State, the first convention or caucus of a po-litical party which has the authority to nominate a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President) and ending on the date of the general election; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a communication 
which refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, is targeted to the relevant electorate (within the meaning of subsection (f)(3)(C)). 
‘‘(C) A transfer to another person for the 
purposes of making a disbursement described in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSFER .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered transfer’ means any amount received by a covered en-tity for the purposes of making a covered disbursement. 
‘‘(6) D
ISCLOSURE DATE .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘disclosure date’ means— 
‘‘(A) the first date during any calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000; and 
‘‘(B) any other date during such calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000 since the most recent disclosure date for such calendar year. 
‘‘(7) C
ONTRACTS TO DISBURSE ; COORDINATION  
WITH OTHER REQUIREMENTS ; ETC,.—Rules simi-
lar to the rules of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) of subsection (f) shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. 
SA 149. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall not take effect until the 
date that, pursuant to an Act of Congress, the limit on liability for oil spills at onshore facilities is modified to be unlimited. 
SA 150. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . COMMUNITY RIGHT TO PROTECT 
LOCAL WATER SUPPLIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to construction of the pipeline de-scribed in section 2(a), the President, or the designee of the President, shall provide to each municipality or county that relies on drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the pipeline an analysis based on the Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement referred to in section 2(b) of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of that pipeline. (b) N
OTIFICATION TO GOVERNORS .—The 
President shall provide a copy of the anal-ysis described in subsection (a) to the Gov-ernor of each State in which an affected mu-nicipality or county is located. 
(c) E
FFECT ON CONSTRUCTION .—Construc-
tion of the pipeline described in section 2(a) may not begin if the Governor of a State with an affected municipality or county sub-mits, not later than 30 days after receiving an analysis under subsection (b), a petition to the President requesting that the pipeline not be located in the affected municipality or county. 
(d) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A petitioner may with-
draw a petition submitted by that petitioner under subsection (c) at any time. 
SA 151. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 75 proposed by Mr. C
ARDIN to the amendment SA 2 pro-
posed by Ms. M URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and, insert 
the following: 
. lll . COMMUNITY RIGHT TO PROTECT LOCAL 
WATER SUPPLIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to construction of the pipeline de-scribed in section 2(a), the President, or the designee of the President, shall provide to each municipality or county that relies on drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the pipeline an analysis based on the Final Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement referred to in section 2(b) of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of that pipeline. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION TO GOVERNORS .—The 
President shall provide a copy of the anal-ysis described in subsection (a) to the Gov-ernor of each State in which an affected mu-nicipality or county is located. 
(c) E
FFECT ON CONSTRUCTION .—Construc-
tion of the pipeline described in section 2(a) may not begin if the Governor of a State with an affected municipality or county sub-mits, not later than 30 days after receiving an analysis under subsection (b), a petition to the President requesting that the pipeline not be located in the affected municipality or county. 
(d) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A petitioner may with-
draw a petition submitted by that petitioner under subsection (c) at any time. 
SA 152. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . THIRD-PARTY CERTIFICATION UNDER 
ENERGY STAR PROGRAM. 
Section 324A of the Energy Policy and Con-
servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) T
HIRD-PARTY CERTIFICATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.021 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S475 January 26, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this subsection, the Adminis-trator shall revise the certification require-ments for the labeling of consumer, home, and office electronic products for program partners that have complied with all require-ments of the Energy Star program for a pe-riod of at least 18 months. 
‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In the case of a pro-
gram partner described in paragraph (1), the new requirements under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) shall not require third-party certifi-
cation for a product to be listed; but 
‘‘(B) may require that test data and other 
product information be submitted to facili-tate product listing and performance verification for a sample of products. 
‘‘(3) T
HIRD PARTIES .—Nothing in this sub-
section prevents the Administrator from using third parties in the course of the ad-ministration of the Energy Star program. 
‘‘(4) T
ERMINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), an exemption from third-party certifi-cation provided to a program partner under paragraph (1) shall terminate if the program partner is found to have violated program re-quirements with respect to at least 2 sepa-rate models during a 2-year period. 
‘‘(B) R
ESUMPTION .—A termination for a 
program partner under subparagraph (A) shall cease if the program partner complies with all Energy Star program requirements for a period of at least 3 years.’’. 
SA 153. Mr. WICKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . FEDERAL BUILDING ENERGY EFFI-
CIENCY PERFORMANCE STANDARDS. 
Section 305(a)(3)(D) of the Energy Con-
servation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834(a)(3)(D)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking subclause (III) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(III) S
USTAINABLE DESIGN PRINCIPLES .— 
‘‘(aa) I N GENERAL .—Sustainable design 
principles shall be applied to the siting, de-sign, and construction of buildings covered by this clause. 
‘‘(bb) S
ELECTION OF CERTIFICATION SYS -
TEMS .—The Secretary, after reviewing the 
findings of the Federal Director under sec-tion 436(h) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)), in consultation with the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services, and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense relating to those facili-ties under the custody and control of the De-partment of Defense, shall determine those certification systems for green commercial and residential buildings that the Secretary determines to be the most likely to encour-age a comprehensive and environmentally sound approach to certification of green buildings. 
‘‘(cc) B
ASIS FOR SELECTION .—The deter-
mination of the certification systems shall be based on ongoing review of the findings of the Federal Director under section 436(h) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)) and the criteria de-scribed in clause (iii). 
‘‘(dd) A
DMINISTRATION .—In determining 
certification systems under this subclause, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(AA) make a separate determination for 
all or part of each system; 
‘‘(BB) use criteria that does not prohibit, 
disfavor, or discriminate against any specific technology, brand, product, or material based on a hazard characteristic or other ar-bitrary measure and is based on an objective assessment of relevant technical data; and 
‘‘(CC) use environmental and health cri-
teria that are based on risk assessment methodology that is generally accepted by the applicable scientific disciplines.’’; 
(2) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘identifying 
the green building certification system and level’’ and inserting ‘‘determining the green building certification systems’’; 
(3) by redesignating clauses (vi) and (vii) as 
clauses (vii) and (viii), respectively; 
(4) by striking clauses (iv) and (v) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(iv) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall conduct 
an ongoing review to evaluate and compare private sector green building certification systems, taking into account— 
‘‘(I) the criteria described in clause (iii); 
and 
‘‘(II) the identification made by the Fed-
eral Director under section 436(h) of the En-ergy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)). 
‘‘(v) E
XCLUSIONS .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), 
if a certification system fails to meet the re-view requirements of clause (i)(III), the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(aa) identify the portions of the system, 
whether prerequisites, credits, points, or otherwise, that meet the review criteria of clause (i)(III); 
‘‘(bb) determine the portions of the system 
that are suitable for use; and 
‘‘(cc) exclude all other portions of the sys-
tem from identification and use. 
‘‘(II) E
NTIRE SYSTEMS .—The Secretary shall 
exclude an entire system from use if an ex-clusion under subclause (I)— 
‘‘(aa) impedes the integrated use of the 
system; 
‘‘(bb) creates disparate review criteria or 
unequal point access for competing mate-rials; or 
‘‘(cc) increases agency costs of the use. ‘‘(vi) I
NTERNAL CERTIFICATION PROCESSES .— 
The Secretary may by rule allow Federal agencies to develop internal certification processes, using certified professionals, in lieu of certification by certification entities identified under clause (i)(III).’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ix) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— 
‘‘(I) D ETERMINATIONS MADE AFTER DECEM -
BER 31 , 2015.—The amendments made by sec-
tion lll of the Keystone XL Pipeline Ap-
proval Act shall apply to any determination made by a Federal agency after December 31, 2015. 
‘‘(II) D
ETERMINATIONS MADE ON OR BEFORE  
DECEMBER 31 , 2015.—This subparagraph (as in 
effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act) shall apply to any determination made by a Federal agency on or before December 31, 2015.’’. 
SEC. lll . HIGH-PERFORMANCE GREEN FED-
ERAL BUILDINGS. 
Section 436(h) of the Energy Independence 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17092(h)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘S
YSTEM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S YSTEMS ’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Based on an ongoing re-
view, the Federal Director shall identify and shall provide to the Secretary pursuant to section 305(a)(3)(D) of the Energy Conserva-tion and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834(a)(3)(D)), a list of those certification systems that the Director identifies as the 
most likely to encourage a comprehensive and environmentally sound approach to cer-tification of green buildings.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘system’’ and inserting ‘‘systems’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) an ongoing review provided to the 
Secretary pursuant to section 305(a)(3)(D) of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6834(a)(3)(D)), which shall— 
‘‘(i) be carried out by the Federal Director 
to compare and evaluate standards; and 
‘‘(ii) allow any developer or administrator 
of a rating system or certification system to be included in the review;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (E)(v), by striking 
‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; 
(D) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) a finding that, for all credits address-
ing grown, harvested, or mined materials, the system promotes the use of domestic products that have obtained certifications of responsible sourcing; and 
‘‘(H) a finding that the system incor-
porates life-cycle assessment as a credit pathway.’’. 
SA 154. Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for 
herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 
1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, strike line 24 and all that fol-
lows through page 3, line 9, and insert the following: 
(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Nothing in this Act 
shall be construed to affect— 
(1) the availability or scope of judicial re-
view under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, of any agency action relating to— 
(A) the pipeline or cross-border facilities 
described in subsection (a); or 
(B) any related facility in the United 
States; or 
(2) the form or venue of any proceeding for, 
or the court with jurisdiction of an action seeking, judicial review of an agency action described in paragraph (1). 
SA 155. Mr. BOOKER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 2, add the following: 
(f) E NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT  
SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in subsection (b) 
relieves any Federal agency of the obligation of the Federal agency to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.021 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S476 January 26, 2015 
(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), including the obliga-
tion of the Federal agency to prepare a sup-plement to the Final Supplemental Environ-mental Impact Statement described in sub-section (b) in connection with the issuance of any permit or authorization needed to con-struct, connect, operate, or maintain the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in subsection (a) if there are significant new circumstances or information relevant to en-vironmental concerns and bearing on the en-vironmental impacts resulting from the con-struction, connection, operation, and main-tenance of the pipeline and cross-border fa-cilities, including from greenhouse gas emis-sions associated with the crude oil being transported by the pipeline. 
SA 156. Mr. REED (for himself and 
Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. FINDINGS AND SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) The Low-Income Home Energy Assist-
ance Program (referred to in this section as ‘‘LIHEAP’’) is the main Federal program that helps low-income households and senior citizens with their energy bills, providing vital assistance during both the cold winter and hot summer months. 
(2) Recipients of LIHEAP assistance are 
among the most vulnerable individuals in the country, with about 90 percent of LIHEAP households having at least one member who is a child, a senior citizen, or disabled, and approximately 20 percent of LIHEAP households including at least one veteran. 
(3) The number of households eligible for 
LIHEAP assistance continues to exceed available funding, with current funding reaching just 20 percent of the eligible popu-lation. 
(4) The average LIHEAP grant covers just 
a fraction of home energy costs, leaving many low-income families and senior citi-zens struggling to pay their energy bills and with fewer resources available to meet other essential needs. 
(5) Access to affordable home energy is a 
matter of health and safety for many low-in-come households, children, senior citizens, individuals with disabilities, and veterans. 
(6) Funding LIHEAP at $4,700,000,000 annu-
ally would ensure that more low-income households, households with children, senior citizens, individuals with disabilities, and veterans can meet basic home energy needs. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that LIHEAP should be funded at not less than $4,700,000,000 annually. 
(c) D
ATE OF ENACTMENT .—This section 
takes effect on the day after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SA 157. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON ENERGY SECURITY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in section 2(a) begin operating and annually thereafter for the next 10 years, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the effect of the pipeline and cross-border fa-cilities with respect to the energy matters of 
the United States considered in section 1.4 of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement for the Keystone XL Pipe-line project. 
SA 158. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON FEDERAL PERMITTING EF-
FICIENCY. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the President shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report that identifies— 
(1) whether the more than 2,300-day process 
associated with the approval of the applica-tion described in section 2(a) meets the goal of Executive Order 13337 (3 U.S.C. 301 note; relating to issuance of permits with respect to certain energy-related facilities and land transportation crossings on the inter-national boundaries of the United States) to ‘‘expedite reviews of permits as necessary to accelerate the completion of energy and transmission projects’’; and 
(2) a full accounting for the hours of Fed-
eral employees, and all associated costs to taxpayers, that were devoted to the review of the cross-border permit application for the Keystone XL Pipeline during the period be-ginning on September 19, 2008, and ending on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 159. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 2 of the amendment, 
add the following: 
(f) R EPORT ON THE MOSTENVIRONMENTALLY  
BENEFICIAL MODE OF TRANSPORTING OILBE-
TWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the President shall, based on a review of the final environmental im-pact statement described in subsection (b), submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that identifies the mode of transportation for oil between the United States and Canada that is estimated to re-sult in— 
(1) the lowest number of injuries and fa-
talities; 
(2) the lowest volume of oil spilled; and (3) the lowest transportation-related green-
house gas emissions. 
SA 160. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section of 2 of the amend-
ment, add the following: 
(f) P ROHIBITION OF ADDITIONAL FEDERAL  
MITIGATION MEASURES FOR CONNECTED AC-
TIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No Federal agency shall 
require mitigation measures with respect to any of the specific projects identified in sec-tion 4.8.5 of the final environmental state-ment described in subsection (b) that are in addition to the mitigation measures de-scribed in that subsection. 
(2) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in paragraph 
(1) prevents a State or local agency from re-quiring mitigation measures with respect to the projects referred to in that paragraph under applicable State or local law. SA 161. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2 of the amendment, strike sub-
section (c) and insert the following: 
(c) P ERMITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any Federal permit or au-
thorization issued before the date of enact-ment of this Act for the pipeline and cross- border facilities referred to in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. 
(2) P
ERMITTING CERTAINTY .—On the comple-
tion of the permitting process with respect to the pipeline and cross-border facilities de-scribed in subsection (a), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall not restrict activities allowed under a permit issued under section 404(c) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(c)) with respect to the pipeline. 
SA 162. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE STUDY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that determines the number of construction jobs and permanent jobs that are projected to be associated with— 
(1) the project for the pipeline and cross- 
border facilities described in section 2(a); 
(2) the renewable energy and transmission 
projects that have been approved by the Sec-retary of the Interior as of the date of enact-ment of this Act; and 
(3) the renewable energy and transmission 
projects provided assistance under the tem-porary loan guarantee program of the De-partment of Energy under section 1705 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16516). 
SA 163. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORT ON THE DEPENDENCE OF 
THE UNITED STATES ON OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRODUCED IN CER-TAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Energy Information Administration, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that as-sesses— 
(1) whether potential, continued, or grow-
ing instability in Yemen, Venezuela, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, and other energy-producing countries is likely to impact world oil and natural gas production during the 20-year pe-riod beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) whether the construction of the Key-
stone XL Pipeline would reduce the pro-jected dependence of the United States on oil and natural gas from any of the countries de-scribed in paragraph (1) or the regions in which those countries are located. 
SA 164. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.022 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S477 January 26, 2015 
Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-
dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 165. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 166. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. RELEASE OF CERTAIN WILDERNESS 
STUDY AREAS. 
(a) B UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT LAND.— 
With respect to Bureau of Land Management land identified as a wilderness study area and recommended for a wilderness designa-tion under section 603(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(a)), if, within 1 year of receiving the recommendation, Congress has not des-ignated the wilderness study area as wilder-ness, the area shall no longer be subject to— 
(1) section 603(c) of that Act; or (2) Secretarial Order No. 3310 issued by the 
Secretary of the Interior on December 22, 2010. 
(b) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE LAND.— 
With respect to land administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service that 
has been recommended by the President or the Secretary of the Interior for designation as wilderness under the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), if, within 1 year of re-ceiving the recommendation, Congress has not designated the land as wilderness, the land shall no longer be managed in a manner that protects the wilderness character of the land. 
SA 167. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. ARCTIC NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE. 
No area of the coastal plain (as defined in 
section 1002 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3142)) shall be managed as a wilderness study area without the express authorization of Con-gress. 
SA 168. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 2, strike line 7 and all 
that follows through line 23 on page 3 and in-sert the following: 
cross-border facilities described in the ap-
plication filed on May 4, 2012, by Trans-Canada Corporation to the Department of State (including any subsequent revision to the pipeline route within the State of Ne-braska required or authorized by the State of Nebraska). 
(b) P
ERMITS .—Any Federal permit or au-
thorization issued before the date of enact-ment of this Act for the cross-border facili-ties referred to in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except for review in 
the Supreme Court of the United States, the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil ac-tion for the review of an order or action of a Federal agency regarding the cross-border facilities described in subsection (a), and the related facilities in the United States, that are approved by this Act (including any order granting a permit or right-of-way, or any other agency action taken to construct or complete the project pursuant to Federal law). 
(d) P
RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing in this Act alters any Federal, State, or local process or condition in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is necessary to secure access from an owner of private property to construct the cross-bor-der facilities described in subsection (a). 
SA 169. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1, strike line 9 and all 
that follows through the end of the amend-ment and insert the following: 
cross-border facilities described in the ap-
plication filed on May 4, 2012, by Trans-Canada Corporation to the Department of 
State (including any subsequent revision to the pipeline route within the State of Ne-braska required or authorized by the State of Nebraska). 
(b) P
ERMITS .—Any Federal permit or au-
thorization issued before the date of enact-ment of this Act for the cross-border facili-ties referred to in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except for review in 
the Supreme Court of the United States, the United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil ac-tion for the review of an order or action of a Federal agency regarding the cross-border facilities described in subsection (a), and the related facilities in the United States, that are approved by this Act (including any order granting a permit or right-of-way, or any other agency action taken to construct or complete the project pursuant to Federal law). 
(d) P
RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing in this Act alters any Federal, State, or local process or condition in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is necessary to secure access from an owner of private property to construct the cross-bor-der facilities described in subsection (a). 
SA 170. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 2, add the following: 
(f) L IMITATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
none of the crude oil and bitumen trans-ported into the United States by the oper-ation of the Keystone XL pipeline under the authority provided by subsection (a), and none of the refined petroleum fuel products originating from that crude oil or bitumen, may be exported from the United States. 
(2) W
AIVERS AUTHORIZED .—The President 
may waive the limitation described in para-graph (1) if— 
(A) the President determines that a waiver 
is in the national interest because it— 
(i) will not lead to an increase in domestic 
consumption of crude oil or refined petro-leum products obtained from countries hos-tile to the interests of the United States or with political and economic instability that compromises energy supply security; and 
(ii) will not lead to higher gasoline costs to 
consumers than consumers would pay in the absence of the waiver; 
(B) an exchange of crude oil or refined 
product provides for no net loss of crude oil or refined product consumed domestically; or 
(C) a waiver is necessary under the Con-
stitution, a law, or an international agree-ment. 
SA 171. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) Congress supports the permanent pro-
tection of public land as National Monu-ments and other appropriate designations for the preservation and benefit of future gen-erations; 
(2) National Monuments should focus on 
historic and natural features and cultural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.023 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S478 January 26, 2015 
sites on Federal land deserving of protection; 
and 
(3) public input from local communities, 
bipartisan elected leaders, and interested stakeholders, existing land use rights, and existing criteria enumerated in established law should be considered in making rec-ommendations for potential National Monu-ments. 
SA 172. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 
AGENCY LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFI-CERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds that— 
(1) Federal law enforcement officers pro-
tect the public and put their lives at risk every day; 
(2) it is necessary for officers to carry fire-
arms to protect themselves in dangerous sit-uations; 
(3) Federal law enforcement officers are re-
quired to follow detailed guidelines on the use of their firearms; and 
(4) Environmental Protection Agency law 
enforcement officers are required to— 
(A) follow guidelines originally established 
by the attorney general of President George H.W. Bush; and 
(B) complete the same training as all other 
Federal law enforcement officers, including officers for the Secret Service, Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, the Federal Pro-tective Service, and the United States Mar-shals Service. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense 
of the Senate that— 
(1) Environmental Protection Agency law 
enforcement officers should follow all appli-cable Federal laws (including regulations), policies, and practices; and 
(2) if an Environmental Protection Agency 
law enforcement officer fails to follow appli-cable laws (including regulations), policies, and practices, or is found to engage in illegal or improper conduct, the officer should be held fully accountable under applicable laws. 
SA 173. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 98 proposed by Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI to the amendment SA 2 
proposed by Ms. M URKOWSKI (for her-
self, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , 
and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to ap-
prove the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 1, strike line 3 and all that follows 
through the end of the amendment and in-sert the following: 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund, with the objective of helping developing countries deal with the impacts of climate change and advancing mitigation efforts; 
(2) many communities in the United 
States, including many rural and indigenous communities, face social and economic chal-lenges that rival those in developing coun-tries and are also being impacted by climate change; 
(3) these communities include indigenous 
and traditional communities in the Arctic region of the United States; (4) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural and other vulner-able communities in the United States; and 
(5) the United States should prioritize and 
fund adaptation projects in vulnerable com-munities in the United States, including rural and indigenous communities, while also helping to fund climate change adapta-tion and mitigation in developing countries. 
SA 174. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
FUNDING OF CLIMATE CHANGE AD-APTATION PROGRAMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund, with the objective of helping developing countries deal with the 
impacts of climate change and advancing mitigation efforts; 
(2) many communities in the United 
States, including many rural and indigenous communities, face social and economic chal-lenges that rival those in developing coun-tries and are also being impacted by climate change; 
(3) these communities include indigenous 
and traditional communities in the Arctic region of the United States; 
(4) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural and other vulner-able communities in the United States; and 
(5) the United States should prioritize and 
fund adaptation projects in vulnerable com-munities in the United States, including rural and indigenous communities, while also helping to fund climate change adapta-tion and mitigation in developing countries. 
SA 175. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. CERTIFICATION REGARDING USE OF 
FIREARMS BY EPA EMPLOYEES. 
Section 3063 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘certifi-cation under subsection (c) and’’ after ‘‘Upon’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) Prior to authorizing a law enforce-
ment officer of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to carry firearms under sub-section (a), the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency shall certify that— 
‘‘(1) the officer has been trained in the 
proper use of a firearm; and 
‘‘(2) carrying a firearm is necessary for the 
officer to carry out the duties of the officer under paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (a).’’. SA 176. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 2 of the amendment, strike sub-
section (b) and insert the following: 
(b) E NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State in January 2014, regarding the pipeline referred to in subsection (a), and the envi-ronmental analysis, consultation, and review described in that document (including appen-dices)— 
(1) shall be considered to fully satisfy— (A) all requirements of the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(B) any other provision of law that re-
quires Federal agency consultation or review (including the consultation or review re-quired under section 7(a) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a))) with respect to the pipeline and facilities referred to in subsection (a); and 
(2) shall be modified to include a provision 
requiring that the designation of National Monuments in any States in which the pipe-line or cross-border facilities described in subsection (a) is to be located shall be sub-ject to— 
(A) consultation with each unit of local 
government within the boundaries of which the proposed National Monument is to be lo-cated; and 
(B) the approval by the Governor and legis-
lature of each State within the boundaries of which the proposed National Monument is to be located. 
SA 177. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON FEDERAL PERMITTING EF-
FICIENCY. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the President shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report that identifies whether the more than 2,300-day process associated with the approval of the application described in section 2(a) meets the goal of Executive Order 13337 (3 U.S.C. 301 note; relating to issuance of permits with respect to certain energy-related facilities and land transpor-tation crossings on the international bound-aries of the United States) to ‘‘expedite re-views of permits as necessary to accelerate the completion of energy and transmission projects’’. 
SA 178. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . INCLUSION OF OIL DERIVED FROM 
TAR SANDS AS CRUDE OIL. 
This Act shall not take effect prior to 10 
days following the date that diluted bitumen and other bituminous mixtures derived from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.024 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S479 January 26, 2015 
tar sands or oil sands are treated as crude oil 
for purposes of section 4612(a)(1) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. 
SA 179. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PIPELINE INSPECTIONS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, no activities may restrict the pipeline safety inspections described in the preven-tion and mitigation measures section of the Executive Summary to the Final Supple-mental Environmental Impact Statement issued by the Secretary of State in January 2014, including aerial surveillance and inte-grated sensors within the pipeline. 
SA 180. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 142 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 181. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 146 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed 
to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 182. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 149 submitted by 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND and intended to be 
proposed to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 183. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 170 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 184. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 178 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 185. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 141 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 186. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 140 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 187. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 139 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 188. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 138 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.025 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S480 January 26, 2015 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 189. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 137 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 190. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 134 submitted by Mr. M
ARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 191. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 130 submitted by Mrs. B
OXER (for herself and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ) and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. 
MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 192. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 128 submitted by Mrs. B
OXER and intended to be pro-
posed to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 193. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 121 submitted by Mr. C
ARPER to the amendment SA 2 pro-
posed by Ms. M URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 194. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 9 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. 
MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 195. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 10 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 196. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 37 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed 
to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 197. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 54 submitted by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.027 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S481 January 26, 2015 
MARKEY and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 198. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 55 submitted by Mr. P
ETERS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) 
and intended to be proposed to the 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 199. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 57 submitted by Mrs. B
OXER and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 200. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 82 submitted by Mr. 
MERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 201. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 81 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 202. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 70 submitted by Mr. P
ETERS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) 
and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and (2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 203. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 131 submitted by Ms. C
ANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. B OXER ) 
and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the section, add the fol-
lowing: 
(l) APPLICATION .—This section shall not 
apply until the date the Secretary of Energy certifies to Congress that— 
(1) at least 12 consecutive editions of the 
Monthly Energy Review of the Energy Infor-mation Administration report that domestic crude oil production has exceeded domestic crude oil consumption for the applicable month; and 
(2) the Reference Case of the Annual En-
ergy Outlook for the applicable year projects that domestic crude oil production will ex-ceed domestic crude oil consumption during the subsequent 10-year period. 
SA 204. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 205. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie 
on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.030 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S482 January 26, 2015 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 206. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 207. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 116 submitted by Mr. C
OONS and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone 
XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— (1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 208. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 60 submitted by Mr. M
ENENDEZ and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 209. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 60 submitted by Mr. M
ENENDEZ and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-
fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 210. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 60 submitted by Mr. M
ENENDEZ and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 211. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 31 submitted by Mr. K
AINE and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.029 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S483 January 26, 2015 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 212. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 31 submitted by Mr. K
AINE and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 213. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 31 submitted by Mr. K
AINE and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more 
abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 214. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 114 submitted by Mr. C
OONS and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 215. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 114 submitted by Mr. C
OONS and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and (8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 216. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 114 submitted by Mr. C
OONS and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 217. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 115 submitted by Mr. C
OONS and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 218. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.031 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S484 January 26, 2015 
to amendment SA 115 submitted by Mr. 
COONS and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 219. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 11 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. SA 220. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 11 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 221. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 11 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project 
route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 
28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 222. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 8 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 223. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 8 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.035 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S485 January 26, 2015 
made no similar effort to provide financial 
assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 224. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 8 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 225. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 7 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone 
XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— (1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 226. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 7 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 227. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 7 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 228. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 12 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 229. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 12 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.036 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S486 January 26, 2015 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 230. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 12 submitted by Mr. M
ERKLEY and intended to be proposed 
to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 231. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 6 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 232. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 6 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 233. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 6 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 234. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 115 submitted by Mr. C
OONS and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.038 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S487 January 26, 2015 
continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-
fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 235. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 145 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed 
to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ENERGY 
COSTS AND SUPPLIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that Congress 
should— 
(1) reject efforts to impose economy-wide 
taxes, fees, mandates, or regulations that will— 
(A) increase the cost of energy for families 
and businesses of the United States; or 
(B) destroy jobs; and (2) prioritize policies that encourage and 
enable innovation in the United States that might lead to energy supplies that are more abundant, affordable, clean, diverse, and se-cure. 
SA 236. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 145 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed 
to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change; 
(2) any payments the United States ulti-
mately makes to the Green Climate Fund will be redistributed to finance adaptation and mitigation efforts in developing coun-tries that are parties to the Convention; 
(3) none of the eligible developing country 
parties to the Convention is an Arctic na-tion; 
(4) the residents of the Arctic, many of 
whom represent vibrant indigenous and tra-ditional cultures, too often face social and economic challenges that rival those in de-veloping countries; 
(5) despite the fact that the United States 
is an Arctic nation, President Obama has made no similar effort to provide financial assistance to the residents of the United States Arctic region, even though many of those communities have opportunities for adaptation projects; 
(6) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural communities in the United States; 
(7) the United States should prioritize ad-
aptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities before allo-cating any taxpayer dollars to the Green Cli-mate Fund; and 
(8) to the extent that Congress appro-
priates any taxpayer dollars for adaptation, those funds should first be applied to known and anticipated adaptation needs of commu-nities within the United States. 
SA 237. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 145 submitted by Mr. M
ANCHIN and intended to be proposed 
to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered 
to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. llll . SENSE OF CONGRESS ACKNOWL-
EDGING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACT FINDINGS OF THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE PROJECT. 
It is the sense of Congress that Congress is 
in agreement with the following findings of the Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State for the Keystone XL Project (referred to in this section as the ‘‘FSEIS’’): 
(1) ‘‘The analyses of potential impacts as-
sociated with construction and normal oper-ation of the proposed Project suggest that significant impacts to most resources are not expected along the proposed Project route’’ (FSEIS page 4.16-1, section 4.16). 
(2) ‘‘The total annual GHG [greenhouse 
gas] emissions (direct and indirect) attrib-uted to the No Action scenarios range from 28 to 42 percent greater than for the proposed Project’’ (FSEIS page ES-34, section ES.5.4.2). 
(3) ‘‘. . . approval or denial of any one crude 
oil transport project, including the proposed Project, is unlikely to significantly impact the rate of extraction in the oil sands or the continued demand for heavy crude oil at re-fineries in the United States based on ex-pected oil prices, oil-sands supply costs, transport costs, and supply-demand sce-narios’’ (FSEIS page ES-16, section ES.4.1.1). 
SA 238. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 55 submitted by Mr. P
ETERS (for himself and Ms. S TABENOW ) 
and intended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1 of the amendment, 
strike line 4 and all that follows through page 2, line 6, and insert the following: 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of Energy shall compile and make available to the public on the Internet third party studies assessing the potential environmental, energy, and economic im-pacts of by-products generated from the re-fining of oil transported through the pipeline referred to in section 2(a), including petro-leum coke. 
SA 239. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 75 proposed by Mr. C
ARDIN to the amendment SA 2 pro-
posed by Ms. M URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 2 of the amendment, 
strike line 24 and all that follows through page 4, line 13, and insert the following: 
(b) A
NALYSIS OF LOCAL WATER SUPPLIES .— 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the President, or the designee of the President, shall provide to each municipality or county that relies on 
drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the pipeline an analysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of that pipeline. 
SA 240. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 59 submitted by Mr. S
CHATZ and intended to be proposed to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2 of the amendment, line 2, insert 
before the period the following: ‘‘, recog-nizing that the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) requires only a ‘hard look’ at alternatives and that the factual basis for the referenced rec-ommendations are subject to change’’. 
SA 241. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . COMMUNITY RIGHT TO PROTECT 
LOCAL WATER SUPPLIES. 
(a) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to construction of the pipeline de-scribed in section 2(a), the President, or the designee of the President, shall provide to each municipality or county that relies on drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the pipeline, and to the Governors of each State in which an affected municipality or county is lo-cated, an analysis based on the Final Supple-mental Environmental Impact Statement described in section 2(b) of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of that pipeline. 
(b) E
FFECT ON CONSTRUCTION .—Construc-
tion of the pipeline described in section 2(a) may not begin if the Governor of a State with an affected municipality or county sub-mits, not later than 30 days after receiving an analysis under subsection (a), a petition to the President requesting additional re-view of the pipeline. 
(c) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A Governor may with-
draw a petition submitted under subsection (b) at any time. 
SA 242. Mr. CARDIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . COMMUNITY RIGHT TO PROTECT 
LOCAL WATER SUPPLIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act and prior to construction of the pipeline de-scribed in section 2(a), the President, or the designee of the President, shall provide to each municipality or county that relies on drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the pipeline, and to the Governors of each State in which an affected municipality or county is lo-cated, an analysis based on the Final Supple-mental Environmental Impact Statement described in section 2(b) of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of that pipeline. 
(b) E
FFECT ON CONSTRUCTION .—Construc-
tion of the pipeline described in section 2(a) may not begin if the Governor of a State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.039 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S488 January 26, 2015 
with an affected municipality or county sub-
mits, not later than 30 days after receiving an analysis under subsection (a), a petition to the President requesting additional re-view of the pipeline. 
(c) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A petitioner may with-
draw a petition submitted by that petitioner under subsection (b) at any time. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH DA-
KOTA STATE UNIVERSITY FOOT-BALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2014 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATH-LETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP SUB-DIVISION TITLE 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 41, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 41) congratulating the 
North Dakota State University football team for winning the 2014 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Division I Foot-ball Championship Subdivision title. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 41) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the Com-mittee on Finance, pursuant to section 8002 of title 26, U.S. Code, the designa-tion of the following Senators as mem-bers of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation: the Senator from Utah, Mr. H
ATCH , the Senator from Iowa, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , the Senator from Idaho, Mr. 
CRAPO , the Senator from Oregon, Mr. 
WYDEN , and the Senator from Michi-
gan, Ms. S TABENOW . 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 
27, 2015 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 11 a.m., Tuesday, Janu-ary 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; and the Senate resume consideration of S. 1. I ask that the time until 12:30 p.m. be equally divided, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans control-
ling the final half. I further ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we 
continue to talk to Members on both sides of the aisle to set up a path to-ward passage on this bill that will in-clude some amendment votes on pend-ing amendments and others that are waiting in the queue. We will look to set some of those votes tomorrow after lunch. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator C
OONS . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Delaware. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor this evening to speak about our ongoing debate about the Keystone XL Pipeline and the need for this de-bate to shift to a much larger con-versation. 
Tonight, as we are continuing in 
what has been 1
1⁄2weeks of debate in 
our Senate about this single, foreign- owned pipeline, it is my hope that we will begin a larger, broader conversa-tion about America’s energy and cli-mate needs. 
We have so far voted on amendments 
confirming that climate change is real, on the future of natural gas and oil ex-ports, on energy efficiency provisions, on rules to ensure that we buy Amer-ican, and on funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund and the oil-spill fund. 
I, myself, have an amendment, No. 
115, that I am hoping we will have a chance to take up, debate, vote on, and pass—one that recognizes that given that the Senate has acknowledged the reality of climate change, we must now move forward to take action to prepare to adapt to those changes—changes that have already begun. 
I come from the State of Delaware, 
the lowest mean-elevation State in America, where our Governor, Jack Markell, has led a community-driven process of preparing for adapting to the coming impact on our infrastructure— our public, private, State, local, and Federal infrastructure in Delaware. 
We have to recognize that our Fed-
eral Government will have financial li-abilities to help State, local, and tribal governments prepare for the impacts of climate change on their infrastructure and to prepare for the impacts of cli-
mate change on our Federal infrastruc-ture. 
My amendment, I hope, will be taken 
up, debated, and passed, but the larger point I want to make is this is just the beginning of the much larger debate we need to have about our Nation’s energy and climate future. 
Energy has long been and will remain 
central to a strong, diverse, and vi-brant economy for our Nation. Throughout our history, Americans have benefited greatly from abundant sources of energy at home. From coal to oil to natural gas, we have been blessed by natural resources that have powered our economy. But new chal-lenges today require new approaches. As human-generated greenhouse gas pollution wreaks havoc on our global climate, we need to come together to create a cleaner and lower-carbon en-ergy future. 
There is no single pathway to stop 
climate change or to deal with it, but there are a number of approaches we need to look at and that I hope we will consider taking. 
Tonight I wish to briefly mention 
four different areas where there were bipartisan bills in the last Congress— areas that I hope, in the spirit of com-ity and debate in the Senate, we could reconsider and make them part of this broader energy and climate debate. 
First, we could start by establishing 
and implementing a national quadren-nial energy review which would ensure that every administration, current and future, takes a hard look at our Na-tion’s energy landscape, the challenges that we face, and to build a blue print for how we will deal with these chal-lenges and overcome them. 
Today we already conduct these 
kinds of quadrennial reviews for the Pentagon, for the State Department, and for the Department of Homeland Security. They allow us to take a big picture and strategic look at our poli-cies, our challenges, and to chart a pre-dictable, longer term path forward. 
It is time we did the same for our 
country’s energy challenges. This ad-ministration is already at work doing this, but Congress needs to act to en-sure that future administrations will continue this practice. 
Second, we can invest in clean and 
renewable energy and in energy effi-ciency technology so that we can out- innovate the rest of the world and lay the groundwork for job creation, not only for today but for tomorrow. We can do this through sustained, annual program funding and through smart and innovative financing models that lower the cost of clean energy, such as expanded master limited partnerships. 
Third, we can improve the way our 
national labs collaborate with the pri-vate sector so that the innovation pipe-line that takes ideas from the lab to the market is smooth, efficient, and predictable so that today’s discoveries are tomorrow’s world-changing prod-ucts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.043 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S489 January 26, 2015 
And, fourth, we can improve STEM 
education and skills training through-out America so that every day we are training tomorrow’s future energy innovators. 
We can do this. We need to do these 
things. 
I will admit that at times it can seem 
quite daunting. But in this country we should have no doubt that if we focus our greatest minds on these challenges, there is no limit to what we can achieve. The bottom line to all this is that we don’t have a choice. Pre-tending otherwise is an exercise in de-nial. 
We need to curb emissions from 
transportation. We need to reduce pol-lution from powerplants. We need to better finance clean energy solutions. We need to strengthen our infrastruc-ture so we are more resilient in the face of coming climate challenges. We need to address the real challenges of energy and water demand. We need to improve our regulations so that we do more to protect and conserve our land. And we need to invest in research, de-velopment, and the demonstration of new and innovative technologies. Over-all, we can and should institute smart and market-based regional and na-tional policies that will lower carbon pollution and send businesses and households the signal that the future is in cleaner not in dirtier energy tech-nology. 
We need to do all this and bring the 
rest of the world along as well because our national energy and climate chal-lenges are not just ours, they are the world’s, and we need to come together around the world to get this done. The administration’s clean power plan rules and the recently announced accord with China are all great initial steps in this direction. It is my hope as we con-tinue this debate that we will come to-gether in the Senate to show we are willing to rise to these challenges as a nation as well. 
Mr. President, for me, all of this ulti-
mately comes down to our obliga-tions—yes, of course, to our Nation, to our constituents, to our home States, but particularly as parents to our chil-dren and to future generations. Every day when I get to return home from the train station after taking what is often a late-evening train from Wash-ington to Delaware, I get to see my family, and it is my children who leave me most concerned about the question of whether I will be leaving them a safer and healthier world than we re-ceived. 
My daughter Maggie in particular is 
passionate about the environment and is concerned about whether what we do here is not just helping to create jobs today—although that is an important issue for us to turn to—but whether we are helping to preserve our world for tomorrow. Maggie helps keep me fo-cused not just on this quarter, this month, this election, or this term, but on the next 50 years and on whether what we do here leaves to our children and their children a cleaner and a bet-
ter and brighter future. That is what our focus should be—on the future, on what we are doing not just for today but for tomorrow and all the days after that. 
I hope when the debate about this 
one pipeline is over we will refocus our energies on the bigger picture and on the great and big challenges we face to-gether. That is what we get elected to do, and that is what our time demands. 
f 
AFRICAN GROWTH AND OPPOR-
TUNITY ACT REAUTHORIZATION 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I would 
like to speak for a few minutes about our Nation’s economic relationship with Africa and one area of concern I have as we work toward further strengthening our ties. 
Since its passage under President 
Clinton, the African Growth and Op-portunity Act, known as AGOA, has been a powerful tool for increasing trade and boosting economies across the African Continent, and no country has taken greater advantage of the op-portunities provided through AGOA than South Africa. 
Over the past 4 years, as the chair-
man of the African Affairs Sub-committee of the Committee on For-eign Relations, I have worked closely with African leaders and know the im-portance of AGOA to their economies and to their growing middle classes. Just last week I met with a group of African trade ministers who empha-sized to me how important prompt re-authorization of AGOA is to them, to their nations, and to tens of thousands of men and women who work in reli-ance upon AGOA. 
AGOA is not a partisan issue. I have 
worked closely with my Republican colleague and friend from Georgia Sen-ator I
SAKSON on its reauthorization. 
But, as I have also long believed, trade must be fair, and with increased trade comes a responsibility by both parties to play by the same set of rules. 
I am concerned because I fear that 
South Africa’s refusal to drop its anti-dumping duties that prevent American poultry from having free and fair ac-cess to the South African market will have negative repercussions for our re-lationship and South Africa’s economy. 
Much of the time, nations will use 
antidumping duties to prevent other countries from exporting artificially cheap goods into their economies, put-ting their own businesses at an unfair disadvantage. But what South Africa has done for years in this area lacks any merit. They are using the same justification that China has used to ban American poultry imports. They claim our poultry is being sold below market value. Not only is this claim false, the World Trade Organization re-cently deemed China’s nearly identical ban to be illegal. 
American companies want the chance 
to sell healthy, affordable, and safe poultry to South Africa and at a fair market value. So during the Africa 
leaders summit last August, which brought the heads of state of more than 50 African nations here to Wash-ington and to our Capitol, I had the op-portunity to meet with President Zuma of South Africa as well as other South African senior officials. During our meeting we discussed their coun-try’s policies toward our country, the importance of renewing AGOA, and also my concerns about their unfair practices with regard to our poultry in-dustry. I was optimistic that following our constructive conversations, we could work together with them and with South Africa’s poultry industry to 
get rid of this inappropriate trade bar-rier. In September we also had con-structive meetings where our Ambas-sador and their Ambassador were present, and leaders of both poultry sectors began constructive conversa-tion. But soon thereafter their willing-ness to engage abruptly stopped. They apparently think they can continue to benefit from AGOA and shirk their most basic trade responsibilities. 
In my home State of Delaware the 
poultry industry supports more than 13,000 jobs and has long been the back-bone of our agriculture sector. I have made clear to our friends and partners in South Africa that although I deeply believe in their nation’s promise and future, my first responsibility is and always will be to my home State and my constituents. Across the country— and Senator I
SAKSON ’s State of Georgia 
is the single biggest poultry-growing State in the country—the United States supports 1.8 million American jobs, contributing more than $470 bil-lion to our Nation’s economy. 
So I want to be clear about this to-
night, as I have been before. I support AGOA’s reauthorization, and I hope we can negotiate a fair path forward. But South Africa cannot expect to continue to reap the benefits of increased trade without following fair trade rules. They can’t expect us to open up our markets wide to duty-free and quota- free access for South African goods if they will not fairly open theirs. If they insist on maintaining their long-standing and illegal antidumping du-ties on American poultry, I will do ev-erything in my power to ensure they do not continue to benefit from AGOA. The choice is theirs. 
Senator I
SAKSON of Georgia and I 
communicated this concern to Presi-dent Zuma back in December in writ-ing, and this week we will write to the Senate Finance Committee with the same message. We only have a short period of time where we can get a long- term extension of AGOA done, and I will work hard to reauthorize and im-prove AGOA so its benefits are even more widely felt on the continent of Africa, but I won’t allow it to include countries that violate fair trade rules, which means an important ally and partner of the United States—South Africa—won’t be included if they are not willing to play by the rules. There 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:08 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.028 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S490 January 26, 2015 
are too many jobs at stake, too much 
work to do to allow a critical trading partner such as South Africa to con-tinue its unfair treatment of American industry. 
I hope and pray we can still resolve 
this needless impasse, but if we don’t, my commitment and my path forward is clear. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 11 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:29 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, January 27, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON  
PUBLIC DIPLOMACY  
SIM FARAR, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DI-PLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2015. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
SIM FARAR, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DI-PLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2018. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
WILLIAM JOSEPH HYBL, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2015. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
WILLIAM JOSEPH HYBL, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE UNITED STATES ADVISORY COMMISSION ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION  
DALLAS P. TONSAGER, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION BOARD, FARM CREDIT ADMINISTRATION, FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 21, 2020, VICE JILL LONG THOMPSON, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be lieutenant commander 
GEORGE F. ADAMS JOHN E. ADKINS WILLIAMS C. ALBRIGHT HILLARY A. ALLEGRETTI DOUGLAS W. APPERSON PATRICK N. ARMSTRONG STEVEN B. ARNWINE CHRISTOPHER P. ARTAC CHRISTOPHER A. AUMENT JPHILIP J. BALEM CHRISTIAN J. BARGER JEFFERY C. BARNUM ERIKA F. E. BARRON NICHOLAS A. BARROW SEAN H. BARTONICEK JAMES A. BATES JR. EILEEN BECK MATTHEW M. BECK WILLIAM W. BELCHER MICHAEL S. BELL NATALIA M. BEST BRENDAN A. BLAIN TOLAN J. BLANCHARD ORION R. BLOOM SARA BOOTH AMALIA D. BOYER SARAH E. BRENNAN DAKATA B. BRODIE MARK H. BROWN STEVEN R. BRUGMANN BRIAN J. BRUNS BRADLY T. BURNESS DEREK J. BURRILL ERIN M. CALDWELL MATTHEW B. CAPON KYRA N. CARBAJAL JANE N. CARLEY MICHAEL A. CARR MICHAEL J. CARROLL LENELL J. CARSON REY F. CASTILLO STEPHEN A. CHAINE WILLIAM R. CHEW MICHAEL A. CHOCHOLAK JOEL C. COITO 
JUDSON A. COLEMAN MICHELLE COMEAUX CHRISTOPHER M. CONDIT JAMES O. CONNER MICHAEL P. CORTESE WILLIAM F. COTY III TIMOTHY N. CRONIN BEN W. CROWELL CHRISTOPHER K. CUMBERLAND KRISTEN A. CURRAN CAREN C. DAMON LEO T. DANAHER JOSHUA J. DAUBENSPECK HOLLY J. DEAL CHAD E. DEJOURNETT ANTHONY M. DESTEFANO ANTHONY E. DEWINTER EDWARD L. DIPIERRO JOSHUA M. DIPIETRO ADAM J. DISQUE MICHAEL J. DOUGHERTY MEGAN L. DREWNIAK BENJAMIN J. DUARTE JAYME L. DUBINSKY MICHAEL S. DYKEMA CHAD A. ECKHARDT DONALD W. EDMON II SARA M. ELLIS–SANBORN PATTON J. EPPERSON JUSTIN M. ERDMAN RYAN R. ERICKSON VINCENT E. ESCOBEDO DANIEL W. EUSTACE SCOTT L. FARR BOBBIE–JEAN FELIX JOHN A. FERREIRA BRIAN M. FINN SUSAN M. FISCHER KIRK C. FISTICK ARI D. FITZWATER 
DONALD F. FLUSCHE JUSTIN M. FORBES KARYN S. FORSYTH PETER F. FRANCISCO ROCCO W. FRANCO ZACHARY D. FUENTES LAUREN U. FULLAM JEFFREY M. GARVEY ELIZABETH A. GILLIS DANIEL A. GONZALES SARAH P. GRAHAM SIMON C. GREENE MARK C. HAINES JARED A. HARLOW JONATHAN R. HARRIS COURTNEY A. HARRISON ANNA M. HART–WILKINS WILLIAM K. HAYWOOD CORYDON F. HEARD JAMES L. HELLER KIMBERLY A. HESS GORDON A. HOOD SCOTT R. HOULE ROBERT M. HUNTER THOMAS J. HUNTLEY JEFFERY B. HUSTACE JESSE E. HYLES KENNETH R. INGRAM CHRISTOPHER A. JASNOCH ROXANNE B. JENSEN ERIC S. JESIONOWSKI TIFFANY A. JOHNSON JENNIFER M. JOJOLA LEE H. JONES ERICA KELLY MATTHEW V. KEMPE ANDREW A. KENNEDY HAROLD J. KIFFER BRUCE W. KIMMELL RAYMOND S. KINGSLEY JOHN M. KIRK SCOTT R. KOSER BRIAN A. KUDRLE FRANK R. KULESA GRAHAM E. LANZ DEWEY E. LAWSON JAN J. LEAGUE NICHOLAS D. LEITER JOHN M. LISKO AMY M. LOCKWOOD MICHAEL A. MAAS JONATHAN R. MACKIN ANDREW P. MADJESKA HEATHER M. MAJESKA BRETT A. MAJOR ROBERTSON MARQUARDT THOMAS E. MARSH MICHAEL T. MARTIN JUSTIN M. MATEJKA BENJAMIN D. MAZYCK CHRISTOPHER N. MCANDREW JON M. MCCAMISH MICHAEL D. MCCARTY KATHRYN A. MCCORMACK MARC R. MCDONNELL TYLER J. MCGILL MICHAEL S. MCGRAIL JEREMY M. MCKENZIE RENEE V. MCKINNON DAVID M. MCLOUGHLIN JACOB T. MCMILLAN BRIAN K. MEADOWCROFT JOSE A. MERCADO RUSSELL P. MERRICK MARCUS R. MERRIMAN PAUL J. MILLER RYAN C. MILLER 
GARY R. MILLS MATTHEW J. MITCHELL DANIEL P. MOCHEN JASON M. MOLINARI 
JEREMY J. MONTES MICHAEL C. MORGAN FRANKLIN J. MORRISON SEAN F. MORRISON MATTHEW K. MOTHANDER ELLEN M. MOTOI LISA T. MOTOI DENNIS R. MOULDER MICHAEL T. MYERS GINNY R. NADOLNY AARON G. NELSON NATHAN L. NOYES WAYNE T. O’DONNELL ANDERSON J. OGG ERIC D. OLIPHANT JEFFREY S. OLK ROLAND T. ORR BRIERLEY K. OSTRANDER JEFFREY K. PADILLA JON P. PARKER STARR E. PARMLEY TREVOR E. PARRA ANDREW L. PASZKIEWICZ MICHAEL A. PATTERSON JENNIFER G. PAULSON KRYSTYN E. PECORA PIERO A. PECORA KENNETH E. PEPPER KRYSIA V. POHL BRITTANY C. POLEY RYAN B. POPIEL CHRISTOPHER D. PRESNELL MATTHEW J. PRESS STEVEN L. PUFFER NICHOLAS O. RAMIREZ HECTOR R. RAMOS JEDEDIAH A. RASKIE DARYL J. REED RAYMOND J. REICHL PATRICK S. REID BENJAMIN M. ROBINSON MICHAEL T. ROSS SARAH K. ROUSSEAU ERIC E. ROY KYLE T. RUSSELL JOSHUA H. SAGERS LARRY J. SANTOS NATHANIEL F. SARGENT DERRICK D. SAUNDERS SHANNON F. SCAFF MICHELLE M. SCHOPP MAEGAN R. SCHWARTZ JOSEPH R. SEMKE NICHOLAS C. SENIUK BROOK I. SERBU BONNIE M. SHANER REBECCA B. SHULTS JARED L. SILVERMAN RICHARD S. SLOCUM CLINTON P. SMITH DALLAS D. SMITH JACK B. SMITH JUSTIN C. SMITH KELLY L. SMITH LAURA M. SPRINGER ERIC D. STAHL ROBERT C. STARR PARRIS R. STRATTON JUSTIN W. STROCK RACHEL A. STRYKER RACHEL A. STUTT COLLEEN A. SYMANSKY MICHAEL C. THOMAS TIMOTHY S. TILGHMAN JONATHAN T. TILLMAN GERALYN M. VAN DE KROL JUSTIN O. VANDENHEUVEL STEVEN B. VANDERLASKE ERIC J. VELEZ OSVALDO E. VERA GABRIEL T. VIGIL DIAZ PHILIP C. WADE JEREMY A. WEISS JONATHAN I. WELCH KEITH R. WILKINS SCOTT K. WILLIAMS BRADLY G. WINANS KEITH D. WOOLDRIDGE MARK L. WYCKOFF CHRISTOPHER T. YANE CARLTON D. YOUNG JEFFREY S. ZAMARIN JOSHUA L. ZIKE ANDREW H. ZUCKERMAN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KOREY E. AMUNDSON MICHELE MARIE E. ARMENTROUT JOHN D. BEATTY BRUCE M. BENDER VICKEN ALBERT BEZJIAN JEANNE E. BISESI SEAN C. BITTNER AMY JEANETTE BOEHLE DANIEL R. BOURQUE JUDAH C. BRADLEY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G26JA6.029 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S491 January 26, 2015 
WILLIAM M. BRANDT, JR. 
WILLIAM R. BRIDGEMOHAN SCOTT B. CALVERT MAUREEN B. CARROLL DAVID M. CASTANEDA ROBERT D. CHURCHILL, JR. HOWARD T. CLARK III LAWRENCE ANDREW COLBY STEPHEN P. COLVIN MARK A. DEATON LAURIE A. DICKSON MATTHEW A. DORNAN JOHN L. DOUCET III GEORGE M. DOUGHERTY BRIAN A. DOYLE PETER C. DRAHEIM PATRICK LAWRENCE DUFRAINE DENISE J. EDWARDS ANDREW J. ELBERT DAVID ANDREW EMERY STEVEN GREGORY ENGLAND 
PATRICK L. ERDMAN JIM FABIO WILLIAM J. FRIDAY, JR. CADE C. GIBSON JAMES L. GREENWALD ERIKA L. GRIFFITH DAVID S. HALES EDWARD G. HAMILL GREGORY P. HAYNES DENIS A. HEINZ GARY ALAN HELFELDT CHRISTOPHER J. HOBBS CHRISTINE FRANCIS HOLLIDAY RANDALL I. HONKE RHYS WILLIAM HUNT PATRICK E. JOCHEM MAXIE G. JOLLEY II LORI C. JONES LYNN E. JUI AMBER R. KASBEER THOMAS K. KERR CHRISTINE P. KLINK DAVID J. KNOLMAYER JASON M. KNUDSEN GREGORY T. LARGEN ROGER S. LAW MICHAEL J. LEE LELAND K. LEONARD MICHAEL F. LESMAN DAVID DONALD LESSICK DAVID E. LINEBACK DAREL L. LONGYEAR BRUCE K. LYMAN CARL J. MAGNUSSON LISA M. MALONEY LISA MARIE MANION TIMOTHY H. MARTZ JOHN T. MASER PRESTON J. MCCONNELL PRESTON F. MCFARREN JENNIFER B. MCGONIGLE JEROME MCLIN THOMAS J. MCNAMARA CRAIG MCPIKE KEVIN J. MERRILL TIMOTHY J. MICHEL JAMES THOMAS MOORE DANA N. NELSON STEPHEN D. NELSON ANDREW H. NICHOLS JADE B. NORSTROM RODERICK C. OWENS TIMOTHY EARL OWENS BELINDA A. PETERSEN JAMES B. PETTIGREW SEAN P. PIERCE LAURA J. RADLEY ESTEBAN L. RAMIREZ JOSHUA C. REDDEN KIRSTIN J. REIMANN MICHAEL JOE REMUALDO ERIC T. RIVERA WILLIAM A. ROCK CHERIE E. ROFF SARAH HELEN RUSS CHARLES E. SARGENT JOSEPH H. SAVAGE, JR. ANDREW D. SCHAD MICHAEL T. SCHULTZ JAMAR D. SCOTT GERARD K. SIMON NICOLE C. SLOMINSKI EUGENE B. SMITH III RYAN S. SPAULDING DOUGLAS A. STOUFFER TIMOTHY I. STRETCH DIANA F. STRIEDIECK MICHAEL C. THODE TODD R. TRUMPOLD LANCE F. TURNER SANDRA I. VANDIVIERE MICHAEL J. VANZO ERIC A. VITOSH KENT A. WATSON JAMES CAMERON WEST THOMAS W. WHITE GIL BRADLEY WILLIAMS NOEL F. WILLIAMS BRUCE M. WINHOLD BRIAN E. WISH PETER A. WOJCIECHOWSKI KENNETH P. WOODCOCK WILLIAM A. WOOLF ANNE E. YELDERMAN CHRISTOPHER L. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MARK E. HEATHERLY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KARIS K. GRAHAM CHARLES T. TOWERY MARVIN WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JESUS A. FLORES ROBERT C. GOLDTRAP 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ERICA R. AUSTIN WILLIAM C. AUSTIN DIANE CAROL BOLDT ROBERT A. BORICH, JR. ROBIN L. BRODRICK PETER J. CAMP, JR. STEPHEN P. DELANGE STEPHEN A. GONTIS KENNETH P. GORNIC GAYLE L. HELLINGER JOSEPH S. KIEFER CATHERINE J. MCSWAIN LAURA J. MEGAN POSCH JULIO A. OCAMPO JONATHAN M. POLK SLOAN M. PYE RICHARD G. STEPHENSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GERARD IRVELT BAZILE JUNE M. COOK PAUL B. DESCHNER TERRY A. HAAG CHAD M. HIVNOR GREGORY S. HSU JOSEPH C. LAWLOR REINALDO MORALES, JR. GREGORY A. PINNELL RICHARD D. QUINTANA ALFRED CHARLES ROSSUM EUGENE M. SHUSTERMAN JEFFERSON R. THURLBY GRISELDA E. TIU KENNETH J. WRIGHT FREDERICK L. YOST 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
STEPHEN L. NELSON, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MARY J. ABERNETHY MAUREEN ANN ALLEN MONSITA J. FALEY THERESE JULIA KERN CHERYL A. KNIGHT JOSEPH MICHAEL MATSON MATTHEW D. SOMMER KAREN B. STEINER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL D. AYRES TAMMY LYNN BURTSCHI JULIE M. CLEMENT MICHAEL D. NELSON JOHN G. OLMEDO MICHELLE L. WAGNER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
LAURA J. MCWHIRTER DENISE J. THOMPSON GREGG E. WENTWORTH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
NICHOLAS J. ZIMMERMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: To be lieutenant colonel 
ERIC M. CHUMBLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
SCOTT L. WILSON 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
JOHN P. HARTKE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ALYSSA B. Y. ARMSTRONG CHARLES S. BARRS III BURNES C. W. BROWN GRANT T. BRYAN BRYAN J. CARLSON PATRICK M. CERONE FRANCIS E. ECLEVIA, JR. ROBERT S. FAIRLIE CHRISTIANA M. FLOECK JASON L. FREDERICK JESSE W. GASKELL BRIAN S. GIBSON BRANDON R. GILESSUMMERS JOHN W. GILLIGAN WILLIAM S. GREEN ROBERT V. HEINZE KEVIN F. HENDERSON JOHN E. HOLTHAUS BENJAMIN K. JONES AARON K. JORDAN TOWNEY G. KENNARD III KEVIN M. KERNO LEANDRA N. KISSINGER MATTHEW R. LEWIS KEN H. LUSK THOMAS C. MANEMEIT JOSHUA L. NORVILLE JOSEPH W. NUTTING ROBERT W. PERRIS DWIGHT D. ROBERTS ANDREW B. SAMPLE ANTONIA K. SHEY JEREMY J. SHIPLOV SCOTT J. TEDRICK ARTURO TREJO CHRISTOPHER A. WILLIAMS KARI E. YAKUBISIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MIRIAM BEHPOUR 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
THOMAS P. MURPHY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JERMAINE M. CADOGAN MICHEAL J. CORBIN AUSTIN E. WREN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ANTHONY K. ALEJANDRE NATHANIEL W. BAKER III TRACY G. DENMARK HERMAN E. HOLLEY KYLE L. HOLLIS BRIAN E. KELLY JONATHAN R. RISSER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
PAUL M. HERRLE ROBERT R. KONO JAIMEY L. POLK ROBERT W. PUCKETT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICER FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.046 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S492 January 26, 2015 
UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., 
SECTION 624: 
To be major 
REBECCA L. WILKINSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JAY B. DURHAM ANDREW K. LAW 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DANIEL H. CUSINATO DONALD E. PILCHER EDUARDO QUIROZ JOSE C. SOTO HENRY W. SOUKUP WILLIAM C. VOLZ 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICER FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
RYAN M. CLEVELAND 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED LIMITED DUTY OFFICERS FOR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
NICHOLAS K. ELLIS MARIO A. ORTEGA ANTHONIE L. SCOTT JAMES M. WEATHERS KOLLEEN L. YOUNG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JONATHAN L. RIGGS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
BRETT D. ABBAMONTE THOMAS R. ABBOTT BRETT E. ACKERBAUER JASON D. ACTIS GREGORY P. ADAMS AKEEM O. ADELAGUN JEFF W. ADUSEI ROY AGILA ARTEM S. AGOULNIK FRANK ALBA, JR. JOSHUA D. AMBROSE JAYME M. ARENAS ANDREW H. ARMSTRONG ERIC R. ARMSTRONG JAMES N. ARRASMITH JEFFREY W. ARROYO HAMILTON N. ASHWORTH ORLANDO L. ASHWORTH CHRISTOPHER T. ATHANAS JOSHUA M. AVINA BRIAN M. BAGLEY COLTER J. BAHLAU MATTHEW D. BAILEY DAVID B. BAIN RAMON BALLESTER III LUKE I. BALTHAZAR MATTHEW P. BANKS NICOLE A. BARBAREE ROBERT D. BARBAREE III JEFFREY J. BARNES RYAN M. BARRY MICHAEL G. BASHARA NICOLE V. BASTIAN JONATHAN R. BEARCE THOMAS J. BECK JAMES E. BEESON SCOTT A. BEIMER BLAZE A. BELOBRAJDIC AMY L. BERNARD JENNIE L. BERNIER BESSIE L. BERNSTEIN ANDREW S. BIDDELL GARY R. BILLINGS SCOTTY E. BLACK JARED D. BLAKE GARRETT A. BLAKELY PATRICK E. BLANKENSHIP BRIAN T. BLOCK MATTHEW E. BLOSE DAVID J. BLOSSOM II GEOFFREY T. BLUMENFELD TODD B. BOESE II JARED E. BOMBACI LUKE A. BORGAN NICHOLAS K. BORNS STEPHEN W. BORRETT DREW T. BOSSART BRIAN R. BOSTON JOSHUA BOURNE 
STEVEN P. BRADFORD JAMES R. BRAME CHRISTOPHER E. BRANDT JOHN A. BRENNAN DERRICK F. BREVILLE JEFFREY M. BREWER PAUL A. BRILLANT PAUL M. BRISKER JASON W. BRITAIN REX L. BROOKS III EDWARD C. BROWN TYLER G. BRUMMOND AARON A. BRUSCH JONATHAN L. BRYANT ERIC C. BRYE JESSAMY J. BUBAN CHAD A. BUCKEL THOMAS A. BUIJTEN CODY P. BURAS CLINT J. BURBACH JAMES A. BURKART RODNEY L. BURKS TYLER E. BURNHAM CHRISTOPHER J. BUSCEMI DAMIEN M. BUTEL JUSTIN G. BUTLER EBEN C. BUXTON ADAM M. CAMPBELL DAVID M. CAMPBELL JUSTIN C. CAMPBELL NELSON F. CANDELARIO, JR. CHRISTIAN S. CARLSON RICHARD F. CARMEAN SARAH A. CARRASCO JEREMY L. CARROLL JONATHAN C. CARTRETT CHARLES A. CASEY MATTHEW A. CAVE CHRISTOPHER J. CAYERE BRIAN M. CLEGG 
PAUL B. CLIFFORD II JAVIER V. COBA JOHN C. COLEMAN II CRAIG W. COLLINGS STEVEN T. CONTRASCERE DEREK A. COOK JODY L. COOLEY JAMES R. CORRINGTON PATRICK W. COSGROVE STEVEN W. COULON MARC E. COUVILLON JAMES M. COVEY, JR. JAMES E. COVINGTON III NATHAN H. COX THOMAS A. COYLE JOSHUA J. CRAVENS BRADLEY S. CREEDON JACOB V. CRESPIN MATTHEW T. CROMPTON WILLIAM W. CRONKRIGHT DAVID R. CROOKHAM JAVIER CRUZ, JR. DOMINIC J. DALY JOSHUA J. DARBY JAYSON M. DAVIDSON JEREMY L. DAVIS ARMANDO A. DAVIU MATTHEW S. DECOURSEY JAMES E. DEE MATTHEW D. DEFFENBAUGH ANTHONY J. DEFURIO PATRICK C. DEGRAAF CHRISTOPHER M. DEMARS JASON R. DEMPSEY SALVATORE A. DEPAOLA JARROD T. DEPASQUALE WALTER R. DICKSON NICHOLAS R. DIMITRUK MATTHEW P. DINEEN ROBERT J. DOLEZAL MICHAEL R. DONLIN DAMON A. DOYKOS JAROD A. DRENNAN ADAM W. DREXLER ANIA V. DRISCOLL DAVID J. DRISCOLL THOMAS E. DRISCOLL WALTER C. DRIVER III NOLAN P. DUCHATEAU KELSEY L. DUCKWORTH GREGORY M. DUESTERHAUS TIMOTHY DUEY MICHAEL S. DUFFY PATRICK E. DUNCAN JOEL D. DUNIVANT IAN G. DUNLAP DAVID C. DUNSWORTH JEREMY B. DURRETTE GREGORY W. DYSON, JR. BENJAMIN D. EARLY NATHANIEL M. EARLY MATTHEW E. EARNHARDT ANDREW C. ECKERT JOSHUA S. EDWARDS BUDDY J. ELLIS WILLIAM B. ERDEL ADAM K. ERNST MATTHEW T. ESPOSITO ADRIAN R. EVANGELISTA BRIAN T. EVERETT BLAIR W. FAULK ADORJAN S. FERENCZY BURR FERGUSON, JR. LEO FERGUSON III SEAN J. FERN CHARLES D. FERREIRA ADAM J. FERRONE 
MATTHEW J. FICHTNER JASON H. FINCHER JOHN P. FINKEN BRIAN J. FISHER CRAIG T. FITZHUGH AUSTIN C. FLETCHER VICTOR V. FLORES JUSTIN D. FLOYD SEAN P. FOLEY CHRISTOPHER J. FOOTE JOHN F. FORSHTAY JAMEY D. FOSTER JOSEPH D. FOSTER MICHAEL A. FOX DAVID C. FRANK JOHN C. FRASER BRETON A. FREDERICK TIMOTHY C. FRETWELL CHRISTOPHER M. FREY THOMAS A. FREY LUCAS C. FROKJER JOSEPH A. FRY JOHN A. FULTON MATTHEW C. GAEDE ALBERT GARCIA IV ADAM C. GARDNER MICHAEL L. GARDNER GARRON J. GARN ROSS A. GARNETT PAUL J. GATES, JR. MATTHEW D. GAYLER ANITA J. GENETTI MICHAEL A. GERSON BRIAN J. GILBERT MARCUS D. GILLETT MICHAEL J. GLEESON JUSTIN P. GOGEL BRAD A. GOLDVARG NATHAN L. GOLIKE RACHEL A. GONZALES 
JOSHUA K. GORDON PATRICK G. GRAHAM SCOTT D. GRANIERO JOEL W. GRAVES JACOB O. GRAY SAMUEL P. GRAY JAMES M. GREEN MATTHEW J. GREEN ANDREW B. GREER JOSHUA D. GREER NICHOLAS S. GREGSON DANIEL W. GRINER DUANE M. GROSS FELIX GUERRA III PHILLIP L. GUILLORY II ANDREA N. GULLIKSEN NATHAN J. GULOSH JONATHAN D. GURFEIN SCOTT D. GURLEY JORDAN M. GWIAZDON DAVID K. HAGLUND REBECCA R. HAGNER MATTHEW HALTON AARON M. HAMBLIN BRIAN HANSELL NOLAN G. HARDAGE BRIAN J. HARP THOMAS M. HARRIS BRIAN M. HART GREGORY A. HARTFELDER BENJAMIN D. HARTLEY LESLIE A. HARVEY NICHOLAS J. HARVEY REBECCA M. HARVEY KURT R. HASSELL ANTHONY R. HATALA NATHAN W. HATFIELD RORY J. HAYDEN DALLAS J. HAYES MICHAEL K. HAYES RICHARD W. HEASER, JR. RYAN T. HEIDER CARL J. HEIM SCOTT H. HELMINSKI MATTHEW L. HENDRICKSON NICHOLAS S. HENRY LUCAS F. HERNANDEZ PETER J. HICKSON EMMALINE J. HILL MARK J. HODGES JASEN L. HOFFMAN MARCUS A. HOFFMAN KERRY A. HOGAN JUSTIN P. HOOD JUSTIN A. HOOKER TRAVIS L. HORD ADAM A. HORNE JACOB E. HOSKINS WILLIAM R. HOUCK ALISTAIR E. HOWARD JOHN HUDOCK IV JOHN C. HUENEFELD II JACOB M. HUMMITZSCH JUSTIN D. HUNTER CHARLES R. IBATUAN II HEATHER A. ICHORD KARL E. IGLER FREDRICK M. INGRAM LUIS O. IZQUIERDO BLAKE JACKSON, JR. RUSSELL J. JACKSON NATHAN D. JACOB PAUL N. JAENICHEN RICHARD S. JAHELKA ANTHONY N. JANSEN ANDREW M. JAROSZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.048 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S493 January 26, 2015 
TANZANIA R. JAYSURA 
CEDRIC A. JEFFERSON MICHAEL F. JIABIA ESTEBAN JIMENEZ COLE W. JOHNS DANIEL J. JOHNSON JEROMY R. JOHNSON MATTHEW B. JOHNSON SAMUEL A. JOHNSON BLAKE G. JOHNSTON JACOB P. JONES MACKENZIE R. JONES PORTER B. JONES SAMUEL P. JONES, JR. ZACHARY P. JONES PATRICK H. JOSEPH JOSE A. JURADO III JESSICA J. KARLIN ERIC T. KAUFFMAN ELIZABETH R. KEALEY GARY A. KEEFER RUSSELL H. KEENE ELISHA D. KELLER JOHN G. KENNEDY WILLIAM T. KERRIGAN BRENT L. KERSHAW MICHAEL J. KIBLER JASON M. KIKTA BENJAMIN J. KILEY DOMINIC F. KIMZEY ANDREW D. KINGSBURY JARROD L. KLEMENT JARED P. KLUSMANN LUKE B. KNORRA DANIEL R. KOCAB ANDREW W. KOCH DUANE H. KORTMAN, JR. ASHLEY A. KOSAVANNA RYAN T. KREBSBACH JARED A. KROGH AARON M. KRUDWIG 
THOMAS A. KULISZ LUCAS T. KUNCE CHRISTOPHER A. KURKA SHELLEY R. KURTZ STEPHEN A. LACOVARA BART P. LAMBERT KYLE E. LARISH ANTHONY L. LAVISTA II NICHOLAS B. LAW LISA Y. LAWRENCEAROCHO CHRISTOPHER G. LEASE EVERETT D. LEDMAN, JR. BRAD A. LEEMAN JOSEPH R. LENNOX MARK A. LENZI BRANDON G. LEV JONATHAN M. LEWENTHAL DANIEL D. LEWIS ANDREW J. LINCOLN MICHAEL T. LIPPERT JOHN P. LLOYD GAVIN K. LOGAN JOEL M. LOMASNEY CARRICK T. LONGLEY MICHAEL A. LOWE PAUL M. LOWMAN MATTHEW A. LUKE CLAYTON C. MACALONEY ANDREW A. MACDOUGALL MICHAEL C. MADDOCK MICHAEL B. MAGEE CHAD J. MAGRO GABRIEL M. MAGUIRE PATRICK R. MAHONEY ADAN A. MALDONADO KENNETH W. MALONE PAUL A. MANN SHANE M. MANN DAVID S. MANWILLER DANIEL A. MARQUEZ CORBETT B. MARTIN SAMUEL J. MARTIN MATTHEW D. MARTINEZ NICOLAS L. MARTINEZ BRAXTON H. MASHBURN KARI N. MATTHEWS WESLEY J. MATTHEWS NATHAN T. MCANDREWS LABARRON L. MCBRIDE EMILY C. MCCABE THOMAS G. MCCABE BRIAN L. MCCARTHY MICHAIAH M. MCCOLLUM KEITH J. MCGILVRAY DAVID R. MCGRATH, JR. ELIZABETH A. MCKEON JAMES G. MCKEON JOHN P. MCLAUGHLIN JAMES S. MCLEAN STEPHEN M. MCNEIL MATTHEW S. MCNERNEY MICHAEL R. MCNICOLL JOHN A. MCNULTY WESTON S. MCPHEE JILL A. MCQUISTAN DANIEL W. MECKLEY ALEXANDER M. MELLMAN BENJAMIN T. MENCKE JOHN R. MENZEL SCOTT R. MERCER WILLIAM T. MESSMER CHARLES R. MICHALK AARON E. MIDDLETON BRIAN W. MILLER JONATHAN R. MILLICAN BRANDON L. MILLS ERIC L. MITCHELL 
JUSTIN M. MOEYKENS RAZY MOLINA MAIA MOLINASCHAEFER ARNOLD R. MOLLETTE ROBERT A. MONROE WILLIAM J. MORAN ANDREW L. MUELLER GRAHAM E. MUELLER JONATHAN M. MUELLER NICHOLAS W. MULL ANDREW D. MYERS DANIEL J. NARDIELLO EMILY J. NASLUND JOHN B. NAUGHTON II BRIAN J. NAWROCKI TIMOTHY C. NEDER ANGELA M. NELSON DAVID C. NELSON WILLIAM D. NELSON ROBERT J. NEMAN COLIN J. NEWBOLD ANDREW C. NEWBRANDER ANTHONY J. NGUYEN ANDREW D. NICHOLSON NICOLE F. NICHOLSON SETH A. NICHOLSON THOMAS L. NICHOLSON III JARON M. NIX THANE A. NORMAN RICHARD S. NORTON MARK P. NOSTRO EDWIN D. NUNEZ JAMES P. OBRIEN, JR. CHARLES M. OLMSTED TOMMY L. OLSON KIERAN R. ONEIL JOSHUA J. ONUSKA JANE R. OREN CHRISTOPHER T. ORR IZAC E. OSSIANDER 
GREGORY D. OSTRIN JAROD N. OVERTON DOUGLAS B. PACK GEOFF S. PALMER JAY M. PALMER PANAGIOTIS A. PAPADOPOULOS MATTHEW J. PARENTE BRIAN PARK FRANCIS M. PASCUCCI CHRISTOPHER A. PASSERELLA TIMOTHY L. PATRICK MARK R. PATRIDGE WILLIAM T. PAXTON EUGENE G. PAYNE IV JERRY E. PEACOCK QUINCY R. PEARSON MARK S. PECKHAM STEPHEN F. PENNY, JR. ALEJANDRO C. PEREZ CHRISTOPHER G. PERGOLA TODD A. PETERSON KYLE A. PETKOVSEK MARK M. PHELPS HEATH A. PHILLIPS KENNETH N. PHILLIPS HANSON W. PITCHFORD MARIA C. PLOSKI JOSEPH A. PLOT AARON K. POLANCO ANTHONY G. POLLMAN WILLIAM J. POMEROY TRAVIS R. POST AARON R. POWELL DOUGLAS T. PUGH JEFFREY P. PULLINGER SHEREL D. QUINONEZAVILA JOSEPH D. QUIRK MICHAEL D. RADIGAN ANTHONY D. RAMEY AUGUSTO D. RAMIREZVALDEZ ADRIAN J. RANKINEGALLOWAY LECHELLE D. RAPALLINI DOUGLASS L. RAUSCHELBACH ANDREW R. REAVES KEVIN M. RECTOR JARED L. REDDINGER STEPHEN N. REIFF THOMAS M. RICE SAMUEL A. RICHARD PATRICK W. RICHARDSON TODD B. RICHARDSON TIMOTHY F. RIEMANN PHILIPP E. RIGAUT JOSEPH T. ROBERTSON JEFFERY H. ROBICHAUX GAVIN T. ROBILLARD JOHN C. ROCK SALOMON RODRIGUEZ CHRISTOPHER T. ROGERS ERIC S. ROGERS MICHAEL Y. ROGERS NATHAN M. ROLLINS CARL J. RONHAAR JOHN D. ROTH BRADLEY K. ROTHMAN JARROD C. ROTHMAN CURTIS R. RUBECK RICHARD RUIZ ZANE M. RUNNING JEFFREY A. RZASA GEORGE A. SAENZ, JR. ANTHONY N. SAMA GARY J. SAMPSON TAJ T. SAREEN JOHN A. SAUTTER ANTHONY B. SCARCELLA STUART P. SCHELLER, JR. 
WILL A. SCHMITT JASON C. SCHNEIDER ROBERT C. SCHOTTER CHRISTOPHER E. SCHREINER JOHN T. SCHREINER JASON T. SCHULZE JESSE P. SCHWEIG CAROLINE A. SCUDDER REGINALD M. SEALEY II JUSTIN M. SHARPE TAYLOR E. SHENKMAN WAYNE SHEW WAN J. SHO STEVEN J. SICLARI SCOTT M. SILVA WILLIAM B. SIMI DWANE SIMS JOHN R. SISSON ERIC J. SKOCZENSKI COURTNEY E. SLAFTER JOSEPH L. SLUSSER KEVIN T. SMALLEY CHRISTOPHER M. SMITH JASON L. SMITH JEREMY B. SMITH JOHN K. SMITH JUSTIN G. SMITH KENNETH W. SMITH KEVIN A. SMITH MATTHEW T. SMITH JASON M. SNOOK ADAM M. SNYDER KEVIN M. SOEDER JARROD M. SOKOLOWSKI GUNNAR A. SPAFFORD JAMES J. STANFORD NICHOLAS B. STATS MICAH A. STEINPFAD JASON T. STEPHENSON CAYCE M. STEVENS 
RYAN A. STEVENS ROBERT L. STEVENSON III NICKOLAS A. STEWARD RYAN C. STEWART ANDREW W. STGEORGE JESSE C. STICE WILLIAM H. STROM BRIAN J. SULLIVAN PATRICK C. SULLIVAN CHAD SUMMERVILLE JUSTIN E. SUMNER EARL A. SWEIGART, JR. ADDISON T. TAFEL HOI W. TAM BILL C. TAMAYO, JR. DILLON C. TAYLOR EVAN E. TAYLOR MICHAEL A. TAYLOR ERIKA M. TEICHERT BRYCESON K. TENOLD JEFFREY M. THARP ADAM B. THOMAS CRAIG W. THOMAS II JAMES C. THOMPSON, JR. STEVEN K. THOMPSON CHARLENE L. THOREEN GABRIEL W. TIGGS WILLIAM M. TOMASZEK, JR. DAVID L. TRAN VIET B. TRAN CHAD E. TUCKER SETH E. TUFVESSON RAYMOND J. TUNG PETER C. TUNIS DANIEL T. TURAJ RYAN J. TUTTLE NICHOLAS A. TVERDOSI NICHOLAS R. TYSON DONALD W. UNDERWOOD GEORGE M. UREKE KATELYN M. VANDAM GRAHAM C. VANDUSEN GREGORY A. VAUGHAN DOUGLAS J. VERBLAAUW MATTHEW D. VERDIN RYAN E. VONREMBOW RICHARD J. WAGNER MORGAN J. WALKER MICHAEL T. WALLACE MICHAEL P. WALLS MICHAEL L. WATKINS JOSEPH J. WEAKLEY MICHAEL R. WEBB NEVILLE A. WELCH ADAM D. WELLINGTON RICHARD J. WHALEN III PATRICK J. WHERRY JONATHAN G. WHITE MICHAEL D. WHITEFORD JASON P. WHITTAKER ROBERT W. WICKHAM JOSEPH T. WIDMAYER JOSEF H. WIESE MATTHEW D. WILCKENS CHRISTOPHER F. WILDT ADAM S. WILKIE JON K. WILKINS JOHN L. WILLIAMS II CURTIS A. WILLIAMSON MICHAEL W. WILLIAMSON NATHAN S. WILLIS LOGAN K. WILLMAN SEAN D. WILLS KYLE S. WILT ANDREW G. WIMSATT ERIC P. WINKOFSKY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.051 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S494 January 26, 2015 
CHRISTOPHER D. WINN 
DAVID J. WINSLOW JAMES J. WISSMANN MARK A. WLASCHIN JAVIER W. WONG LISA S. WOO DOUGLAS A. WOODCOCK BRANDON H. WOODS JOSHUA W. WORT ADAM YANG DAVID M. YORCK PETER J. YOUNG KENNETH M. ZEBLEY JASON E. ZELLEY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U. S.C., SECTION 
12203: 
To be colonel 
MATTHEW F. AMIDON THOMAS M. ARMAS MARK C. BOONE ERIC A. BORSONI CHARLES W. BREWER BRIAN T. CASKEY ALEXANDER J. CHOTKOWSKI RICHARD J. CREVIER SEAN N. DAY DOMINIC J. DEFAZIO KYLE R. DEWAR STEFAN M. DIRGHALLI RICHARD G. ERICKSON PRISCILLA P. FAILMEZGER PHILIP B. FARR SPENCER T. FARRAR KEITH M. FULLER MARK J. HENDERSON JON S. HETLAND MARGARET M. JOHNSON JOHN F. KELLIHER III JOHN G. KERWOOD ALBERT K. KIM PATRICIA S. KLOP MARK A. LAMELZA AMBER M. LEHNING KIM J. MAHONEY MATTHEW A. MCGARVEY ARTHUR B. MCKEEL EDWARD D. MCNULTY SETH M. MILSTEIN 
JOHN E. MOORE KYLE J. MOORE PAUL R. OUELLETTE JOHN F. PETERSON CATHLEEN M. REYNOLDS BENJAMIN P. RICHMOND JOAQUIN A. SALAS MATTHEW C. SHORTAL KENT E. WALSH DANIEL P. WHISNANT JOHN A. WRIGHT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DAVID C. WALSH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SCOTT W. ZIMMERMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DAWN R. ALONSO JAMES H. BAIN THOMAS P. BAJUS II DAVID G. BARDORF JOHN B. BARRANCO, JR. ANDREW J. BERGEN ANTHONY C. BOLDEN RICHARD T. BRADY TIMOTHY G. BURTON CURTIS W. CARLIN ADAM L. CHALKLEY DARIN J. CLARKE JOSEPH R. CLEARFIELD MARK H. CLINGAN ERIC D. CLOUTIER SCOTT E. CONWAY ELMER K. COUCH JOSEPH E. DELANEY STEVEN J. DELAZARO WILLIAM L. DEPUE, JR. JONATHAN P. DUNNE 
KYLE B. ELLISON CHRISTOPHER R. ESCAMILLA JAMES P. FALLON PETER C. FARNUM WALKER M. FIELD DOM D. FORD SCOTT A. GONDEK THOMAS D. GORE WENDY J. GOYETTE RYAN R. GUTZWILLER ROBERT J. HALLETT ANDRE T. HARRELL GARRETT R. HOFFMAN BRIAN M. HOWLETT MIKEL R. HUBER LAWRENCE K. HUSSEY EDWARD L. JEEP SCOTT R. JOHNSON TERRY M. JOHNSON CRAIG C. LEFLORE RAUL LIANEZ GEORGE W. MARKERT V JAMES C. MCARTHUR PATRICK S. MCDONIEL MARIA S. MCMILLEN HALSTEAD MEADOWS III ROBERT S. MORGAN CHANDLER S. NELMS 
KEVIN A. NORTON KEVIN T. OROURKE BRIAN R. PETERSON FORREST C. POOLE III MATTHEW S. REID ERIC J. ROPELLA RICHARD J. SCHMIDT TIMOTHY A. SHEYDA FARRELL J. SULLIVAN JOHN P. SULLIVAN, JR. LELAND W. SUTTEE MICHAEL C. TAYLOR DONALD J. TOMICH CARLOS O. URBINA NICHOLAS P. VAVICH ROBERT S. WHITE STEVEN J. WHITE ZACHARY M. WHITE JOHN J. WIENER VINCENT J. YASAKI 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26JA6.053 S26JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E109 January 26, 2015 
COMMEMORATING THE 25TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF BLACK JANUARY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, one of the 
seminal events in 20th century was the de-mise of the Soviet Union, which altered the balance of power in the world, most pro-foundly in Europe and Central Asia. But the event that sparked the tinderbox of democratic uprisings through the sphere of Soviet sat-ellites began in Baku, the capital of Azer-baijan. 
Azerbaijanis remember the night that demo-
cratic fire was sparked; it was January 20, 1990. The Azeris called it ‘‘Black January.’’ At midnight on that fateful night, 26,000 armed Russian troops stormed into Baku with tanks. 
The weeks and months prior to Black Janu-
ary had seen a surge in the national inde-pendence movement. Hundreds of thousands of Azeris pushed then USSR President Mikhail Gorbachev’s glasnost policy by publicly marching for independence and territorial in-tegrity. 
Some of the emerging democratic groups 
were projected to win seats in the upcoming Parliamentary elections. Since only Com-munists could hold government office in a So-viet satellite, Gorbachev moved quickly to put down the independence movement. 
Gorbachev declared a state of emergency 
to repress a growing independence move-ment. The Soviet heavyhandedness served only to elevate Azeri resolve and passion. So-viet troops, under orders to ‘‘restore order,’’ tried dispersing the throngs of peaceful Azeri demonstrators by firing arbitrarily into the crowds on the Baku streets, killing women and children who were among the protesters call-ing for independence from the Soviet Union. 
Over 130 Azeris were killed in the violence 
of Black January; 611 were injured, nearly 1,000 were arrested, and five were never found. 
Human Rights Watch’s report ‘‘Black Janu-
ary in Azerbaijan,’’ said that, ‘‘among the most heinous violations of human rights during the Baku incursion were the numerous attacks on medical personnel, ambulances and even hos-pitals.’’ Human Rights Watch concluded, ‘‘The punishment inflicted on Baku by Soviet sol-diers may have been intended as a warning to nationalists, not only in Azerbaijan, but in other Republics of the Soviet Union.’’ 
The standoff between nationalists in Azer-
baijan and the Soviet leaders in Moscow esca-lated into an Azeri threat to hold a referendum on secession unless Soviet troops withdrew in 48 hours. Soviet troops were hampered when Azerbaijani oil tankers blockaded the Baku harbor, keeping Soviet naval vessels at bay. 
Soviet forces withdrew, but formal independ-
ence would come nearly two years later. 
On this day, Azeri patriots stood up for their 
freedom, sealing the fate of the Soviet empire and forever changing the history of the world. I ask my colleagues to join me in standing 
with the people of Azerbaijan today in solitude and gratitude for their passion for independ-ence and remembrance of the lives lost on Black January. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF DEAN LESTER’S 
20 YEARS OF SERVICE IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to recognize a member of my staff, Dean Lester, on his 20 years of service to the House of Representatives and the people of the United States. 
Dean came to Washington, DC in January, 
1995 to work for his home state Congress-woman, Representative Helen Chenoweth- Hage of Idaho. He fondly remembers the ‘‘united sense to accomplish things’’ in the first 100 days of that year as the House embarked on a hectic schedule to implement the Con-
tract with America. 
Dean must have enjoyed that fast pace, be-
cause even when Congress slows down or goes into recess, he maintains a full schedule. Over time, he began working for multiple House offices at once, and he now serves as office and financial administrator to eight dif-ferent members of Congress. In total, Dean has worked for 20 members of Congress in 20 years. 
Dean is an irreplaceable member of every 
staff on which he serves. He tracks our budg-ets, manages our office moves, and ensures all of our equipment is working properly; in short, Dean makes sure the trains run on time. He knows every inch of this building and every trick of the trade. When a problem arises, we call Dean and we can always count on him to fix it. 
Dean is a mentor and guide not just to 
younger staff members but to senior staff and members of Congress as well. Through it all, he maintains a sense of humor, an upbeat at-titude, and a positive view of what we can ac-complish together. He reminds us of why we came here and what an incredible, once-in-a- lifetime opportunity it is to serve. 
Dean, we could not do our jobs without you. 
For your tireless work ethic, your dedication to Congress and the people of this great country, and your 20 years of service, we salute you. 
f 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERV-
ICE OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S SUE PARDUE 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great sadness that I rise to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved 
Sue Pardue. For decades, Sue was a leader and integral part of the Northwest Florida com-munity, and she will be missed by all who were fortunate to know her. 
Sue married her loving husband of more 
than 42 years, Alvin, in 1972, before moving to Pace, Florida, where they started a family and became an integral part of the Pace com-munity. While raising her five children, Sue also took steps to further her education, re-ceiving bachelor’s, master’s, and PhD degrees from the University of West Florida. Sue used her education and kind-hearted nature serving as a counselor at many institutions in North-west Florida, including Pace Assembly Min-istries, Santa Rosa Correctional Institute, and Pensacola Family Care for Youth, amongst many others. 
While raising a family and working as a 
counselor, Sue also took an active role in many community organizations helping to serve the community that she loved. Sue was deeply devoted to serving the Lord, and she served for many years as head of the Chil-dren’s Ministries at Pace Assembly of God and the Women’s Ministries at Pensacola First Assembly of God, while also holding a position on the church’s board. In addition to her serv-ice at her church, Sue was deeply involved in many other organizations, including: Con-cerned Citizens for Gifted Children, Crisis Line Counseling, RSVP Advisory Board, Red Cross, Advisory Board for Children’s Home, Advisory Board for Guardian Ad Litem, Pace Water System, Family Promise, Pregnancy Resource Center, and Santa Rosa County Bond Review Board. 
To some, Sue will be remembered as a de-
voted servant of Jesus Christ, working tire-lessly to spread His word at her church and throughout Northwest Florida. To others she will be remembered as a highly educated, hard-working, and dedicated counselor. To her family and friends, she will always be remem-bered as a loving wife, mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother. 
On behalf of the United States Congress, 
my wife Vicki and I send our deepest condo-lences and prayers to Sue’s husband, Alvin; her children, Donna, Deniece, Brian, Edwin, and Calvin; her seven grandchildren and two great-grandchildren; and the entire Pardue family. 
f 
IN HONOR OF 2015 NASCAR HALL 
OF FAME INDUCTEE BILL ELLIOTT 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and congratulate racing legend Bill El-liott upon his induction into the sixth class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame. There is a rhyme that holds true about this inductee, ‘‘Awesome Bill from Dawsonville.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JA8.001 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E110 January 26, 2015 
The Dawsonville, Georgia, native got his 
first career win at the 1976 Carolina 500 at ‘‘The Rock’’ in Rockingham, North Carolina. In fact, Bill reached victory lane six times at tracks within North Carolina’s 8th congres-sional district. 
These wins are just a small part of one of 
the greatest careers in NASCAR history. 
In 1985, Elliott won the first ‘‘Winston Mil-
lion’’ in NASCAR history by winning three of four races in NASCAR’s then ‘‘Grand Slam.’’ In that season, he won the Daytona 500 at Daytona International Speedway, the Winston 500 at Talladega Superspeedway, and the Southern 500 at Darlington Raceway. He is one of only two drivers in the Winston Million era to ever accomplish this feat and for being the first to accomplish it he was given the nickname ‘‘Million Dollar Bill.’’ 
In 1988, Elliott earned NASCAR’s Winston 
Cup championship. His win total of 44 ranks him in the top 20 all-time NASCAR Cup Series winners and Elliott also garnered 16 Most Popular Driver Awards during his illustrious career. 
It is a true honor to congratulate him on his 
due induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. 
f 
IN HONOR OF 2015 NASCAR HALL 
OF FAME INDUCTEE WENDELL SCOTT 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and congratulate racing legend Wendell Scott upon his posthumous induction into the sixth class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame. 
Wendell Scott was the first African-American 
to become a full-time competitor in the series and he did this after serving three years in the U.S. Army during World War II. 
He started racing in 1947 and experienced 
immediate success behind the wheel. He gained the respect and admiration of his com-petitors and fans as they observed his skill as a mechanic, skill as a driver and his excep-tional work ethic. 
Scott won over 100 races in the next dec-
ade at local area tracks. He made his first start in NASCAR’s premier series March 4, 1961, at Piedmont Interstate Fairgrounds in Spartanburg, South Carolina. In 1963, Scott became the first African-American to win a NASCAR premier series event. 
Although Scott passed away in 1990, his 
impact on racing can still be felt today. It is truly an honor to extend these congratulatory remarks for United States Army veteran Wen-dell Scott for his racing career and his post-humous induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. NO TAXPAYER FUNDING FOR 
ABORTION AND ABORTION IN-SURANCE FULL DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, January 22, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, I rise 
in strong opposition to the misleadingly titled ‘‘No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.’’ 
This deceivingly-titled bill does nothing more 
than dramatically restrict the ability of women to purchase affordable health insurance with-out forfeiting their constitutionally protected right to buy health coverage that includes re-productive services. Federal policy, including explicit language in the Affordable Care Act (ACA), already prohibits the use of taxpayer dollars to fund abortions. Existing law in the ACA states that any individual who joins a plan that covers abortions will pay an addi-tional fee that goes into a separate account; this was specifically designed to ensure that taxpayer dollars are not spent on abortions. The fee is only paid by people who knowingly joined a health plan that covers abortions, and any abortion (except in cases of rape, incest, or to save the mother’s life) coverage is paid out of those accounts—not by taxpayer dol-lars. 
The ACA also provides that individuals pur-
chasing their health care from the recently es-tablished exchanges can, depending on their income, access tax credits and ensure that their health care plan is affordable. This bill would deny women access to the tax credits on their health plans even though the tax credit does not cover any of the cost of plans that include abortion coverage. In other words, women will be denied access to affordable health care if they exercise their right to use their own funds for abortion coverage. This is unacceptable and violates the careful balance established in the ACA. Whether women pur-chase their insurance through the marketplace exchanges or receive it through their employ-ers, millions of American women would be de-nied their choice of affordable health care cov-erage. 
A woman’s right to choose her own health 
care is a fundamental one, and the Congress should not tell women how to manage their private health or reproductive care. Sadly, this legislation will do just that. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
reject this assault on women. This bill was a mistake the first two times it was proposed, and it remains a mistake today. Instead of at-tacking a woman’s access to health care, we should be focused on accelerating job growth and increasing the paychecks of working Americans. 
f 
IN HONOR OF 2015 NASCAR HALL 
OF FAME INDUCTEE FRED LORENZEN 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and congratulate racing superstar Fred Lorenzen upon his induction into the sixth 
class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame. 
The Elmhurst, Illinois, native got his start in 
NASCAR as a mechanic with the famed Hol-man-Moody team in 1960, but was elevated to lead driver by the end of that year. 
In 1964, Lorenzen began one of the most 
dominant five race runs in NASCAR history in which he led 1,679 of the possible 1,953 laps. This stretch of lap-leading highlights how dom-inant Lorenzen was between 1962 and 1967. He won multiple major events during this pe-riod such as the Daytona 500, World 600, and the American 500. 
Nicknamed the ‘‘Elmhurst Express,’’ 
Lorenzen notched 26 wins on the NASCAR circuit and he reached victory lane five times in the 8th district of North Carolina. 
It is an honor to congratulate him on his in-
duction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. 
f 
NO TAXPAYER FUNDING FOR 
ABORTION AND ABORTION IN-SURANCE FULL DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, January 22, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Speaker, once 
more, Republicans are seeking to limit wom-en’s access to safe reproductive health care through H.R. 7, the ‘‘No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act.’’ This is a sweeping ban on abortion coverage and another callous attempt to insert Congress into the most personal of conversations between a woman and her phy-sician and I did not vote for it. 
Last week marked the 42nd anniversary of 
the landmark Supreme Court decision, Roe v. Wade. It is exasperating that we still have to go through this annual charade as Republican leadership tries to force those of us who sup-port women and their reproductive choices to take a ‘‘hard vote.’’ 
It is not hard for me to stand with the mil-
lions of women who depend on access to safe, legal abortion. It is not hard for me to vote against any bill that imposes the will of an intolerant, albeit vocal, minority on our mothers, sisters, and daughters. It is not hard for me to protect freedom of choice, because it is right and it is just. 
Instead of bringing up legislation to strength-
en our economy or improve our infrastructure, Republican leadership is choosing to focus its efforts on legislation that will trump women’s health, override family decisions, and com-promise the ability of women and their doctors to deal with reproductive issues. It’s a blatant attack on women and it’s not hard for me to say that it is wrong. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MIMI WALTERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, on roll call no. 39, I was unavoidably detained during the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JA8.004 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E111 January 26, 2015 
RECOGNIZING MS. SAILOR 
GUTZLER 
HON. ED WHITFIELD 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
on behalf of myself, and Representative J OHN 
SHIMKUS , to recognize Ms. Sailor Gutzler. On 
January 2, 2015, a small Piper PA–34 plane carrying the family of Marty and Kimberly Gutzler crashed in the remote forest of Kuttawa, Kentucky, located in the First Con-gressional District of Kentucky. The family was headed back home to Nashville, Illinois, lo-cated in the Fifteenth Congressional District of 
Illinois, from a family vacation in Key West, Florida. 
Marty, Kimberly, their nine-year-old daughter 
Piper, and fourteen-year-old niece Sierra Wild-er were instantly killed in the crash. Miracu-lously, the Gutzler’s youngest daughter, seven-year-old Sailor, emerged from the wreckage alive and as the lone survivor. With a broken wrist, no shoes, and wearing only a T-shirt and shorts, the second grader bravely searched the cold, dark forest for nearly a mile until she found the only inhabited house in a 1,400 acre area. 
Young Sailor arrived at the home of Larry 
Wilkins, ‘‘with lips trembling, crying, trying to talk’’ according to Wilkins. This brave young girl, grief stricken and mangled, managed to point authorities in the direction of the crash, but is left without her parents, and with the trauma of this tragic event. 
This tragedy made national news, and Sail-
or was deemed the ‘‘Miracle Girl’’ by People Magazine. Sailor’s strength and courage is truly remarkable, and we want to recognize her brave actions on that night and in the days following. Young Sailor has even noted that she has to be strong for her mom and dad, because they would want her to be strong. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with Sailor 
and her surviving family. It is truly a miracle this young girl survived and we are certain God has a purpose for her. 
f 
IN HONOR OF 2015 NASCAR HALL 
OF FAME INDUCTEE REX WHITE 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and congratulate racing legend Rex White upon his induction into the sixth class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame. 
After being diagnosed with polio as a child, 
White didn’t imagine automobiles as anything more than a source of transportation. How-ever, by the time he started racing in NASCAR in 1956, White was ready to start one of the most consistent careers in NASCAR history. 
The Taylorsville, North Carolina, native fin-
ished among the top five in 110 of the 233 races he participated in. His skill on the short tracks that dominated the schedule in his era allowed him to tally up top five and top ten fin-ishes at a historic rate. 
White won six times during his 1960 cham-
pionship season and his victory total ranks 22nd among all-time premier series winners. Rex White was named one of NASCAR’s 50 
Greatest Drivers in 1998 and it is an honor to congratulate this North Carolina native on his induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. 
f 
DOLLY MAE NAVE 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Dolly Nave, who passed away on De-cember 23, 2014, at her home in San Rafael, California. As a dedicated community orga-nizer and leader, Ms. Nave helped to trans-form recreational facilities in the City of San Rafael for the benefit of countless Marin County residents. 
In the 1980s, on behalf of Ms. Nave’s eight 
children and the children in the local commu-nity, Ms. Nave rallied the support of local con-tractors and volunteers to donate the equip-ment, labor, and funding necessary to breathe new life into public schools and city-owned recreation fields and facilities. Ms. Nave con-tinued to improve recreational facilities throughout her life, and founded the Marin Bocce Federation in Albert Park, San Rafael. 
Ms. Nave was a skillful community leader 
who possessed the necessary organizational skills to always put the pieces in place and get the job done. She was the project manager for the construction of Marin Community Fields in Larkspur and was in the forefront of numerous projects at San Rafael High, initiating the suc-cessful ‘‘Save Night Football’’ campaign. A 
volunteer at Albert Park for 35 years, she be-came known as the ‘‘Angel of Albert Park’’ be-cause she was one of its foremost advocates. In 1993, she was a founding board member and construction chair of the Marin Bocce Federation in Albert Park. The ten bocce courts are now used by more than 1,000 play-ers a week. 
Ms. Nave’s work did not go unnoticed, and 
her longstanding commitment to others was recognized by numerous awards including San Rafael Citizen of the Year, the Marv Lechner Award from San Rafael High, and Woman of the Year for California’s Third Senate District in 1991. She was also one of the first women to be inducted into the Marin Athletic Founda-tion High School Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Speaker, Dolly Nave’s selfless efforts 
have benefited countless residents of San Rafael and Marin County. Her legacy will not soon be forgotten as her accomplishments can be seen all around the City of San Rafael. It is therefore appropriate that we pay tribute to her today and express our deepest condo-lences to her husband, Rich; three sons, Rich-ard Jr., Paul and Tom; and three daughters, Sheri, Kathy and Patti; as well as her twenty- four grandchildren and seventeen great grand-children. Ms. Nave was predeceased by her sons, Bruce and Louie. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,087,425,445,178.53. We’ve 
added $7,460,548,396,265.45 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN OPPOSITION TO THE FY15 DE-
PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in opposition to H.R. 240, the FY2015 Home-land Security Appropriations bill, which in-cluded the adoption of five anti-immigrant amendments. By including these policy riders, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have decided to hold hostage and disrupt funding for the Department of Homeland Se-curity (DHS). Failure to promptly fund the De-partment of Homeland Security puts our coun-try at risk. 
At the end of last year, House and Senate 
Appropriators came to a compromise agree-ment on funding for the Department of Home-land Security at a level of $39.67 billion, $1.5 billion above the President’s request. This agreement contained funding for many impor-tant programs vital to our national security in-terests. Unfortunately, Speaker B
OEHNER de-
cided to abandon that agreement and instead have a negotiation between the far right and the far, far right. 
In particular, I strongly oppose the inclusion 
of an amendment offered by Congressman A
DERHOLT that would deny the use of any 
funds or fees for the administration to imple-ment the President’s Executive Action on im-migration that was issued last November. As many legal experts have determined, there is clear precedent for this action, which seeks to further secure our border and prioritize deport-ing felons over families. In fact, over the last 50 years, every President has used executive authority to take limited action on immigration, including six Republican Presidents. 
I was also very disappointed that an amend-
ment offered by Congresswoman B
LACKBURN  
was adopted in final passage of this bill. This amendment would prevent Dreamers in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals pro-gram (DACA) from renewing the two-year De-ferred Action they have already received. This would effectively end the DACA program— which has already provided temporary protec-tion for 700,000 individuals who were brought to the United States as children—and would subject hundreds of thousands of Dreamers to deportation. 
If our Republican colleagues want to ad-
dress immigration issues, they should start by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JA8.004 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E112 January 26, 2015 
taking up legislation to fix our broken immigra-
tion system. Over 18 months ago, the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration reform bill with bipartisan support. House Republicans allowed that bill to die in the House without al-lowing it to come to a vote. Republicans should come up with a proposal to reform our broken immigration system. They should not threaten to defund the Department of Home-land Security because of their inaction. 
It is especially unfortunate that these anti- 
immigrant amendments were adopted be-cause the bill that had previously been agreed to contained funding for many critical pro-grams. Specifically, I appreciate the robust funding in the bill provided for the SAFER and AFG fire grant programs which have helped pay for emergency vehicles and increased staffing needs at a time when the numbers of volunteer fire fighters across the country has been declining. Furthermore, in light of this week’s cyberattack on the U.S. Central Com-mand’s Twitter account, I am encouraged by the bill’s funding for cyber security programs. I am also pleased to see the increased fund-ing provided for the Secret Service, which has experienced well reported challenges last year. 
Mr. Speaker, now is not the time to play pol-
itics with our national security. I urge my col-leagues to vote no on this bill. 
f 
IN HONOR OF 2015 NASCAR HALL 
OF FAME INDUCTEE JOE WEATHERLY 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and congratulate racing legend Joe Weatherly upon his posthumous induction into the sixth class of the NASCAR Hall of Fame. 
The Norfolk, Virginia, native established 
himself as one of boldest personalities in NASCAR history. Affectionately called the ‘‘Clown Prince of Stock Car Racing’’ for pulling such antics as wearing costumes during prac-tice laps, he was all business come race time. 
Weatherly won the 1953 NASCAR modified 
championship and then in 1962 and 1963 he won the NASCAR premier series champion-ships. He also earned five victories on tracks in the 8th district of North Carolina during his career. 
His tragic death in 1964 due to injuries sus-
tained during a race that season made him the first reigning champion to die during the season. 
Weatherly was previously inducted into the 
American Motorcycle Association Hall of Fame and the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America and it is a great honor to extend these con-gratulatory remarks for one of NASCAR’s 50 Greatest Drivers of all-time on his posthumous induction into the NASCAR Hall of Fame. IN RECOGNITION OF BISHOP 
PARNELL M. LOVELACE, JR. 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Bishop Parnell M. Lovelace, Jr. as he steps aside from his position as Senior Pastor of the Center of Praise Ministries of Sacramento, California. As a spiritual leader, he has served the Sacramento community since he founded the Center of Praise Min-istries in 1989. Before this he held various other positions for which our community is grateful. As his congregation, family, col-leagues and community leaders gather to cel-ebrate his efforts, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring his many years of contribu-tions to the Sacramento region. 
Bishop Lovelace has been an enthusiastic 
and effective spiritual leader. He received his Bachelor of Arts in Social Work from Oral Roberts University and Master of Arts in So-cial Work from the University of Oklahoma. He received early spiritual training at Sac-ramento’s Shiloh Baptist Church, and went on to receive his Certificate of Completion from the Jack W. Hayford School of Pastoral Nur-ture at King’s College and Seminary, a Master of Arts in Practical Theology with High Honors from Oral Roberts University, and his Doctor of Ministry from the Talbot School of Theology at Biola University. 
In addition to leading the Center of Praise 
Ministries, Bishop Lovelace was a public serv-ant in Oklahoma and Sacramento, where he held a number of positions, including being the Sacramento Regional Office Manager and Case Worker for the Koinonia Foster Homes, a Pediatric Medical Social Worker for the Uni-versity of California, Davis Medical Center, and served as the Vice Chairperson for the Board of Directors of CARES Community Health clinic. 
In 1989 Bishop Lovelace led the Center of 
Praise Ministries’ founding meeting and it has grown exponentially since then. As Senior Pastor, he has contributed an unimaginable amount of time and effort to improving our community and has made it a priority to reach out to those in need. Other important positions he has held include a stint as a Senior Fellow with the American Leadership Forum’s Moun-tain Valley Chapter, Advisory Board Member of East Lawn, Inc., leadership within 100 Black Men of America, Inc., co-pastoral chair of the 2012 Luis Palau Sacramento Festival, and he served as member of the Board of Trustees at William Jessup University. 
Not surprisingly, Bishop Lovelace has re-
ceived numerous honors throughout his ca-reer. Some of his most recent awards include being honored by the Martin Luther King, Jr. International Board of Preachers and Colle-gium Scholars at Morehouse College, receiv-ing the 2012 President’s Award from the Sac-ramento Black Chamber of Commerce, and in 2013 he was named Person of the Year by the Observer Media Group. 
Mr. Speaker, in honor of his dedication to 
the betterment of our community, I ask my col-leagues to join me in thanking and recognizing the Bishop Parnell M. Lovelace, Jr. for his many years of service and in wishing him and his family all the best. IN RECOGNITION OF PAUL DAVID 
LANTZ, PRESIDENT OF THE JEW-ISH COMMUNITY ALLIANCE 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Paul Lantz as he completes his term as President of the Jewish Community Alliance of the Greater Wyoming Valley. Under Paul’s dedicated leadership, the Jewish Com-munity Alliance has made great strides in pre-paring for its future, most notably in the acqui-sition of land that will allow for establishment of a new Jewish Community Center for the Wyoming Valley. This project will maintain many of the traditional aspects and artifacts of the current structure but will also allow the center to expand into a modern facility de-signed to meet future needs. The Jewish com-munity in the Wyoming Valley has had a rich history of charitable and educational works dating back many years, and this project will allow this work to continue well into the future. 
Educated at Connecticut College, Paul grad-
uated with a bachelor of arts in zoology. After receiving his master’s in business administra-tion from the University of Connecticut, Paul went to work for Price Waterhouse in New York as a CPA. In 1981, he moved to Wilkes- Barre with his wife, where they still reside. Paul is actively involved in the Wilkes-Barre community in many ways. In addition to serv-ing as the President of the Jewish Community Alliance, Paul has also served on the board of several non-profit organizations, such as the SPCA, the Domestic Violence Service Center, The Wyoming Valley Children’s Association, and the Boys & Girls Clubs. Currently, Paul is the owner and President of the A. Rifkin Co. in Wilkes-Barre and Hope Uniform & Security Products in Columbia, New Jersey. 
I congratulate Paul on his work as President 
of the Jewish Community Alliance of the Wyo-ming Valley, and I commend him for his dedi-cation, his quiet confidence, and his selfless-ness in offering his time and talents on behalf of others. 
f 
LIST OF INCIDENTS TARGETING 
THE CHRISTIAN COMMUNITY IN INDIA 
HON. JOSEPH R. PITTS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, the following list of 
incidents of religious persecution targeting the Christian community in India was compiled by the Evangelical Fellowship of India, a charter member of the World Evangelical Alliance and an accredited NGO with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations. 
The Evangelical Fellowship of India ex-
presses concern at the alarming rate at which the Christian community is being tar-geted in India. The EFI’s Religious Liberty Commission recorded more than 38 incidents targeting the Christian community in No-vember–December 2014, with 31 incidents taking place in December alone. The inci-dents range from physical violence, false ac-cusations, disruption of church services/ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JA8.007 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E113 January 26, 2015 
Christmas functions, to the hate campaigns 
and the pressure to convert to Hinduism that the Christian community is facing almost on a daily basis in India. 
LIST OF INCIDENTS STATE WISE  
Uttar Pradesh—13 incidents 
Madhya Pradesh—8 incidents Chhattisgarh—4 incidents Delhi—4 incidents Punjab—2 incidents Bihar—2 incidents Tamil Nadu—1 incident Karnataka—1 incident Assam—1 incident Andhra Pradesh—1 incident Gujarat—1 incident 
BHOPAL , MADHYA PRADESH (4TH NOVEMBER 2014)  
Members of Bajrang Dal attacked 7 Chris-
tians including one Pastor from Mumbai, beat them up and got them arrested in Bho-pal. The Christians were stripped and beaten mercilessly by fists and belts, causing inter-nal injuries. 
INDORE , MADHYA PRADESH (7TH NOVEMBER 2014)  
A Christian was falsely accused, detained 
and later arrested on allegations of forced conversions in Indore. According to reports from local sources, Hindu extremists threw cross necklaces in the house where the Chris-
tians had gathered and then stormed inside alleging forced conversions. A police com-plaint alleging that the Christian was forc-ing them to wear cross necklaces and hence converting them was filed at the local police complaint. The Christian was detained for over four hours at the Chandan Nagar Police Station post the incident and was released later. 
UDUMALPET , TAMIL NADU (16TH NOVEMBER 2014)  
Over 100 Hindu extremists attacked a 
Christian community in Udumalpet, Tamil Nadu. The community was attacked when they were participating in a prayer service. The attackers not only beat the Christians present but also burnt more than 20 vehicles belonging to the Christians. They desecrated Bibles, burnt the altar of the Church and de-stroyed Church property including musical instruments. The Christians were threatened even when they were being treated for inju-ries at the local hospital. 
RAJNANDGAON , CHHATTISGARH (16TH NOVEMBER  
2014) 
Members of the VHP and the Bajrang Dal 
stormed the Sunday worship service of the Masihi Aradhna Church in Rajnandgaon, Chhattisgarh and beat the Church members up. The attackers were looking for the Pas-tor who was hidden by the Church members as there was a threat to his life. 
KOLAR , KARNATAKA (23RD NOVEMBER 2014)  
Hindu extremists attacked the Calvary Ap-
ostolic Church in Bangarapet, Karnataka. They beat up Church members resulting in eight church members seriously injured. Two members among the eight injured suffered broken legs. 
JAGDALPUR , CHHATTISGARH (26TH NOVEMBER  
2014) 
Media reports carried the news that under 
pressure from the VHF, the Catholic mis-sionaries in Bastar area of Chhattisgarh state have agreed that the principals in their schools. normally referred to as ‘‘Father’’, would now be addressed as ‘‘Pracharya’’, or ‘‘Up-pracharya’’. or ‘‘Sir’’. The reports also mentioned that the missionaries have also agreed to put up photographs of ‘‘Maa Saraswati’’ and ‘‘great personalities who have worked for national interest’’ in their educational institutions. Local Catholic sources have denied such an agreement and complained of pressure from the VHP. 
ASSAM (26TH NOVEMBER 2014)  
Pastor of the Believers Church in Moran 
Amguri, Sivasagar District of Assam re-ceived threats from local Hindu leaders to 
vacate the building that the congregation uses for Church services in one months time or face the consequences. 
DELHI (1ST DECEMBER 2014)  
A Catholic church in East Delhi’s Dilshad 
Garden area, St Sebastian’s Church, was completely gutted in a fire, in the early hours of 1st December 2014. Later, Christians took to the streets to protest the burning, and demanded a judicial enquiry as foul play is suspected. The Governor of Delhi has in-stituted a Special Investigation Team to probe into the matter. 
DELHI (2ND DECEMBER 2014)  
Four unidentified men broke into the 
Catholic convent in Rohini area of Delhi. The CCTV captured the images when the break in happened. 
DELHI (6TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Unidentified people pelted Our Lady of 
Fatema Church with stones during mass at about 6 p.m in the Jasola area of New Delhi damaging windows and causing the Syro- Malabar Catholic congregation to rush out in alarm. 
ALIGARH , UTTAR PRADESH (9TH DECEMBER 2014)  
The RSS and the Dharma Jagran Manch 
announced that they planned to convert 4000 Christian and 1000 Muslim families in Ali-garh on Christmas Day. BJP MP Yogi Adityanath supported the event visibly among others. The organizers said that Christmas was chosen as the day for conver-sion because the event is a ‘‘shakti pariksha’’ (test of strength) for both reli-gions. 
LUDHIANA , PUNJAB (11TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Members of the Shiv Sena attacked the 
Kalvari Church, Ludhiana prompting the po-lice to deploy heavy security to protect the Church building. Shiv Sena members later surrounded the local police station alleging forced conversion. 
ALIGARH , UTTAR PRADESH (12TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Newspapers reported that the Dharam 
Jagran Samiti (DJS), an RSS offshoot, dis-tributed pamphlets in Aligarh seeking dona-tions for converting Christians and Muslims to Hinduism. The pamphlet said that it costs Rs 2 lakh to convert a Christian and Rs 5 lakh to convert a Muslim. The DJS had set December 25 as the date for a major conver-sion ceremony and put down an annual tar-get of 2 lakh conversions—1 lakh Muslims and 1 lakh Christians in the area. 
RATLAM , MADHYA PRADESH (12TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Members of the Bajrang Dal stormed a 
Christian meeting in Ratlam. Madhya Pradesh along with the media and the police forcing the organizers to cancel the meeting. The organizers and the speakers of the meet-ing were taken to the police station but were later released. CSP P S Ranawat told the media that no evidence about the alleged conversions, forced or otherwise. was found in the initial probe by the police. 
BASTAR , CHHATTISGARH (13TH DECEMBER 2014)  
NDTV and other national media organiza-
tions reported that the BJP Lok Sabha MP from Bastar, Dinesh Kashyap presided over a ceremony that saw 33 Christian families being converted to Hinduism. The local Christians had complained of pressure from VHP and BJP earlier asking them to convert to Hinduism. 
HYDERABAD , ANDHRA PRADESH (13TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Christians were attacked and beaten by 
Hindu extremists for singing Christmas car-ols in Hyderabad, seriously injuring a pastor and four others. The violence occurred while Pastor Bhim Nayak of Banjara Baptist 
Church and fifteen church members sang Christmas carols and visited Christian fami-lies in the city’s Singareny Colony. Local re-ports say that some thirty ‘‘Hindu extrem-ists’’ attacked the Christians and a vehicle they had hired for the evening festivities. 
PIPRAICH , UTTAR PRADESH (16TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Christians including 4 women were ar-
rested from a Christmas function at Navipur village, Pipraich, Uttar Pradesh and were kept in custody for more than 20 hours be-fore being released. They were accused by Hindu groups of indulging in forced conver-sion but the police let them go after a de-tailed investigation. 
BEHRAICH , UTTAR PRADESH (16TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Pastor Mahendra Kumar from Behraich, 
Uttar Pradesh was arrested and kept in cus-tody for two days before being released with-out any charges. He was arrested following complaints of local Hindu groups. The Hindu groups are also targeting a Christian social service organization working in the area, ac-cording to local reports. 
BHAGALPUR , BIHAR (18TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Three Christians who had recently con-
verted to Christianity were forced to re-con-vert to Hinduism. According to media re-ports the three converts returned to the Hindu fold after they were threatened with a social boycott. 
UTTAR PRADESH (18TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Dharm Jagran Manch leader Rajeshwar 
Singh told media that his organization plans to root out Christianity and Islam from India by December 31, 2021, adding that Christians and Muslims essentially have no right to live in the country. 
VARANASI , UTTAR PRADESH (19TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Hindu extremists disrupted a Christian 
prayer meeting and beat up Christians in Varanasi on December 19, 2014. Pastor Shobhnath and local Christians were partici-pating in prayer and fasting in a village in Chiraigaon Block, Varanasi, when 10–12 peo-ple came in a Bolero (SUV), entered the house forcefully, and started beating the Christians. They took away Bible and other literature and also destroyed household fur-niture. According to local sources the attackers are office bearers of RSS and BJP. The matter was reported to the local police. 
VALSAD , GUJARAT (19TH DECEMBER 2014)  
According to media reports. Vishwa Hindu 
Parishad ‘‘officially brought back to the Hindu fold’’ some 100 Christian tribals who had ‘‘embraced Hinduism earlier’’ in south Gujarat. VHP activists later claimed as many as 900 had been ‘‘reconverted’’. The ’zhar wapsi’ ceremony was conducted this afternoon at Arnai, a village in Kaprada taluka of Valsad district. A news website called scroll.in later investigated the issue and did not find a single convert in the area, a far cry from what was claimed by the VHP. 
RATLAM , MADHYA PRADESH (19TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
A week after insisting that there was no 
evidence of conversion, forced or otherwise, the Ratlam Police booked Pastor Jose Mat-hews, the organiser of a Christian conven-tion under the state’s anti-conversion law. The convention organised by the Indian Pen-tecostal Church of God and the United Chris-tian Council (UCC) on December 12, at Ratlam was attended by Christians and was stormed by Bajrang Dal people alleging con-versions. 
CHHATTISGARH (20TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Media reports said that the Ministry of 
Home Affairs (MHA) is getting ready to clear 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA8.010 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E114 January 26, 2015 
the controversial anti-conversion Bill passed 
by the Chhattisgarh Assembly in 2006. The Dharma Swatantraya Adhiniyam Act, 2006, brought by BJP’s Raman Singh government in the state says the return of a person to his ancestor’s religion or own original religion shall not be construed as ‘‘conversion.’’ The Bill also says that a district magistrate will have to be intimated 30 days prior to the conversion and he will be the final authority on the subject. 
PUNJAB (21ST DECEMBER 2014)  
In media reports, the RSS and its affiliates 
claimed that they are engaged in a massive reconversion or ‘‘ghar wapsi’’ programme to get Christians back—not just to Hinduism, but also to Sikhism, in Punjab. The organi-zations claim to have helped some 8,000 peo-ple ‘return home’ in the last three years, some 3,500 of them over the last one year. 
DELHIM (21ST DECEMBER 2014)  
RSS announced that it will organize a re-
conversion rally at Ramlila Maidan in New Delhi on Christmas day with at least 25000 people in attendance. 
KHARGONE , MADHYA PRADESH (24TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
A Christian couple, Wilson and Rashmita, 
was taken into custody under the state’s anti-conversion law from a village near dis-trict headquarters Khargone, Madhya Pradesh. The couple were a part of a Christ-mas program held on 24th December at Nayanagar, about 28 kilometres from Khargone, where they live. Members of a Hindu group who alleged conversions dis-rupted the Christmas program and called the police who then arrested the couple. Accord-ing to local sources, the Hindu groups pro-duced false witnesses against the couple al-leging that they had offered 5000 Rupees every month to a woman if she converts to Christianity. 
UJJAIN , MADHYA PRADESH (24TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Akash Sisodia from Ujjain, Madhya 
Pradesh was attacked by members of the Bajrang Dal while he was leading a Christ-mas prayer service in Ujjain Madhya Pradesh. According to reports, the Bajrang Dal people who were accompanied by the po-lice and media people produced false wit-nesses and got Sisodia arrested. He was kept in custody for three days before being re-leased, as charges against him could not be substantiated. 
UTTAR PRADESH (25TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Seven people including two pastors were 
arrested on Christmas day from Urai. Raibareily and Kushinagar areas of Uttar Pradesh. The Christians were arrested on after BJP members complained of forcible conversions. However according to media re-ports no such conversions could be verified. 
BARLOI , MAU, UTTAR PRADESH (25TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Police stopped a Christmas function in 
Barloi village of Uttar Pradesh following ob-jections by Hindu groups. Local BJP leader Dr. Alka Roy was also accompanying the po-lice as they forced the Christians to stop the Christmas function. 
MAINPURI , UTTAR PRADESH (25TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Police in Mainpuri, Uttar Pradesh, stopped 
a Christmas celebration following com-plaints by Hindu groups alleging conver-sions. However according to media reports, no evidence of any conversion was found after investigation. The Christmas celebra-tions were organized at the home of one Shankar Lal Verma in Kharagjeet Nagar, Mainpuri. After Hindu groups complained the police reached the spot, stopped the cele-brations, dispersed the gathered people and arrested Shankar Lal. He was later released 
as the charges against him were not proved true. 
KHANDWA , MADHYA PRADESH (26TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Christians were attacked during a Christ-
mas celebration in village Coloni near Khandwa. The mob cornered the Christians just about they were going to have lunch and threw stones at them. Later the police came and arrested 13 Christians including three very young children, 8 months, 4 years and 7 years and took them to Borgaon police sta-tion where they were charged under IP 295 A. The Christians including the children were in police custody till 31st December 2014 till their bail was secured. Earlier Hindu groups in the district court also roughed up a law-yer who appeared for the Christians. The groups told the lawyer to get off the case and not represent the Christians anymore. 
VARANASI , UTTAR PRADESH (27TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
Police arrested Pastor Ashok Prajapati 
from Varanasi following allegations of forc-ible conversions. According to reports, Hindu groups as well as the police threatened him and asked him to stop holding prayer meet-ings in the area. He was released in the evening the same day. 
AMETHI , UTTAR PRADESH (27TH DECEMBER 2014)  
BJP leaders and Bajrang Dal people threat-
ened Pastor Ramchand from Amethi, Uttar Pradesh of dire consequences if he carries on with worship services in the area. The pastor left the village keeping in mind his own se-curity and has approached the local police for protection. 
ALLAHABAD , UTTAR PRADESH (27TH DECEMBER  
2014) 
More than 25 members of the Youth wing 
of the BJP and other Hindu groups stormed into the Sam Higginbottom university alleg-ing conversions. The attackers tore banners with Bible verses written on them, shouted anti-Christian slogans, burnt the effigy of the vice chancellor of the University, Dr. R B Lall, and entered into a fight with the se-curity personnel. Two of them were caught and handed over to the police. 
GAYA , BIHAR (28TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Christians in Gaya, Bihar sought police 
protection after several outfits of the Hindu right-wing threatened them of dire con-sequences if they do not convert to Hin-duism. In a petition containing two pages of signatures, given to the police, the Chris-tians accused the VHP, the RSS and the Bajrang Dal of indulging in intimidation and force. 
INDORE , MADHYA PRADESH 128TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Hindu extremist groups forcibly took two 
Catholic missionaries to police station after disrupting an interfaith meeting organized at the Geeta Bhavan. Indore. Madhya Pradesh. The activists of Bajrang Dal and Dharma Jagran Manch accused Father Prasad and Brother Sleeva of trying to con-vert Hindus to Christianity. They demanded that the police arrest the missionaries, after registering a First Information Report against them. The missionaries were how-ever, let off as charges against them proved to be frivolous. The next day the Hindu groups proceeded to purify Geeta Bhavan by pouring milk and cow urine on the place where the missionaries had been partici-pating in the interfaith meeting. 
DEORIA , UTTAR PRADESH (28TH DECEMBER 2014)  
Members of Hindu Yuva Vahini and the po-
lice disrupted a Christian worship service at Salempur, Deoria district, Uttar Pradesh. Jaswant Masih and his wife Suman, who have been conducting prayer services for many years in their own home, were arrested 
and taken to the police station following complaints by the Hindu groups that the couple were involved in forcible conversions. Later, Police, denied any incident of conver-sion. ‘‘A Christian family has been organising prayers for past many years and people go there. It is just a matter of faith and nothing else,’’ said inspector Ram Yadav. 
f 
HONORING FRED T. NOLAN 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor a remarkable public servant, Mr. Fred T. Nolan, a native of Dyer, Tennessee, but raised in Paducah, Kentucky, and has lived in Jackson, Mississippi since his graduation from Tougaloo College in the early 1960s. One of his early career choices was teaching in the Jackson Public School District (JPS). 
Mr. Nolan taught two years at the then 
Brinkley High School located on Livingston Road and was a ninth grade teacher of Social Studies and Mathematics. He left JPS to pur-sue other career options and worked briefly for the Urban League of Jackson as director. The majority of his career spanned 25 years as the executive director of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity, a division of Housing Urban De-velopment (HUD). 
After fully retiring from HUD in 1996, Mr. 
Nolan rejoined the JPS family as a substitute and limited service teacher. He worked three years in a limited service capacity at Siwell Middle, Lanier High, and Forest Hill High schools. 
Mr. Fred Nolan is married to Mrs. Kisiah 
Nolan, a former JPS Board member and presi-dent. His son, Fredrick Nolan, is coordinator of the JPS WATCH D.O.G.S. program. The Nolans also have two daughters: Renee Nolan Johnson of Huntsville, Alabama, and Adrienne Nolan Colar of Smyrna, Georgia. All three of their children are graduates of the Jackson Public School District. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Mr. Fred T. Nolan for his dedi-cation to serving others. 
f 
IN OPPOSITION TO H.R. 185, THE 
REGULATORY ACCOUNTABILITY ACT 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in opposition to H.R. 185, the so-called ‘‘Regu-latory Accountability Act.’’ 
Today’s bill is yet another attempt by House 
Republicans to limit the ability of federal agen-cies to enforce commonsense rules and regu-lations. While supporters of this rehashed bill claim it is needed to curb overregulation, in re-ality, it would simply prevent federal agencies from doing their jobs and working to ensure there are safeguards in place to protect con-sumer health and safety. In fact, H.R. 185 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JA8.012 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E115 January 26, 2015 
would create more red tape by imposing over 
60 new barriers in the federal rulemaking process. 
One of the most burdensome provisions in 
this legislation requires agencies to conduct a cost-benefit analysis for all proposed rules and possible alternatives, even if the rule is limited in scope and has a minimal economic impact. Moreover, agencies would be obligated to adopt the option that was the least costly in the short term, without taking into account the long term impact and costs it would have on public health and safety. This is a myopic way to govern and would create paralysis within the rulemaking process. 
President Obama has already implemented 
significant reforms to the rulemaking process. In January 2010, the President signed an Ex-ecutive Order that required agencies to deter-mine if the benefits of proposed rules are justi-fied considering their cost to society. He re-quired an interagency review of overlapping rules and regulation between agencies that may prevent innovation in the private sector and instituted a policy to allow agencies to consider input from affected public and private stakeholders and experts when developing rules and regulations. Moreover, federal agen-cies under President Obama issued signifi-cantly less rules during his first four years in office when compared to President Bush’s first term. 
At a time when Congress should be doing 
everything it can to create jobs and improve the economy, this bill is nothing but a distrac-tion. I urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CATHOLIC SCHOOLS 
WEEK 2015 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, it comes 
as no surprise that the 2015 theme for Catho-lic Schools Week is ‘‘Catholic Schools: Com-munities of Faith, Knowledge and Service.’’ As a man of faith and a graduate of Bishop Egan High School in Fairless Hills, I can tell you that both my wife Kathy and I have benefitted greatly from our value-centered Catholic up-bringing. As have each of our six children— Katie, Maggie, Molly, Jimmy, Mick and Tommy. 
In the 8th District of Pennsylvania, we have 
so many proud Catholic institutions to send our children to. The commitment of the Arch-diocese of Philadelphia to our local community is unmatched. These local institutions have 
spent years building solid communities of faith and knowledge—all of which give back to the greater community in many ways. The rig-orous academic curriculum, coupled with spir-itual teachings of passion, kindness and re-spect, give our children the background they need to be upstanding citizens. 
In the words of Pope Francis, ‘‘It is impor-
tant not to turn in on ourselves, burying our own talent, our spiritual, intellectual, and mate-rial riches, everything that the Lord has given us, but, rather to open ourselves, to be sup-portive, to be attentive to others. Set your stakes on great ideals, the ideals that enlarge the heart, the ideals of service that make your talents fruitful. Life is not given to us to be jealously guarded for ourselves, but is given to us so that we may give it in turn.’’ Our Catho-lic School upbringing teaches us to be the best that we can be, and in turn, use the skills that we acquire to give back to the community. I truly value everything that our local Catholic Schools bring to our area, and I am honored to celebrate with you this week. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, due to 
being unavoidably detained I was unable to cast a vote for roll call vote 44. If I had been present I would have voted ‘‘NO’’. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO D UPONT PIONEER 
CRICK RESEARCH CENTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the construction and sub-sequent opening of the DuPont Pioneer Crick Research Center in Johnston, Iowa. 
The $40 million DuPont Pioneer Crick Re-
search Center, located in Johnston, Iowa, showcases the investment toward innovation, safety and stewardship of Pioneer agricultural products and contributing to global food secu-rity. The 180,000 square foot state-of-the-art research facility will be home to over 400 Pio-neer employees, and includes 84,000 sq. ft. of laboratory space, 31 conference rooms, and flexible, ergonomic work stations. The Crick 
Research Center features an on-site fitness center and cafeteria for employees. 
I commend DuPont Pioneer and their staff 
for providing cutting edge agricultural services that help to improve yields and create a sus-tainable livelihood for farmers around the world. I urge my colleagues in the United States Congress to join me in congratulating DuPont Pioneer for their numerous achieve-ments’ including the opening of the DuPont Pioneer Crick Research Center. I wish them and all of their employees the best of luck moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. BOB GODSHALL 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a dear friend of mine, Pennsylvania State Representative Bob Godshall for the 50 years of service he has given to our commu-nity, and the state of Pennsylvania. Rep-resentative Godshall has served 32 years in the Pennsylvania Legislature representing the 53rd District in Montgomery County, PA—an area which encompasses the Indian Valley portion of my Congressional District. 
Prior to his work in the legislature, Bob 
served 3 years as Montgomery County Con-troller, and 17 years on the Souderton School Board. He also served 3 years as Montgomery County Open Space Director, where he helped bring Montgomery County’s beautiful park system to fruition. Bob was also instru-mental in the creation of the United States Constitution Center in Philadelphia—a place where thousands of visitors come to pay trib-ute to the founding fathers each year. 
Aside from his many accomplishments, Bob 
has also been very kind, generous and sup-portive of me in my work representing the 8th Congressional District. In 2012, when I found out that my district would be taking on a new portion of Montgomery County, Bob was the first person I called. Everyone in the Indian Valley has a story about Representative Godshall, usually involving Bob ‘‘helping them, their family or their neighbor.’’ I’ve never met anyone more dedicated to his community and beloved by the people who live there. 
Bob—it’s been a pleasure working with you 
and getting to know you over the past few years. Thanks for everything you have done, and continue to do for our area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JA8.014 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E116 January 26, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Jan-
uary 27, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 28 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of the ‘‘Budget Control Act of 2011’’ and sequestration on national security. 
SD–106 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine MAP–21 re-
authorization, focusing on Federal and state perspectives. 
SD–406 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Organizational business meeting to con-
sider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, committee rules of procedure, subcommittee assignments, S. 192, to reauthorize the Older Ameri-cans Act of 1965, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Strengthening Education Through Research Act’’, and any pend-ing nominations. 
SD–430 
9:45 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Organizational business meeting to con-
sider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the Committee, sub-committee assignments, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine the Con-
gressional Budget Office’s (CBO) budg-et and economic outlook for fiscal years 2015–2025. 
SD–608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine freight rail 
transportation, focusing on enhancing safety, efficiency, and commerce. 
SR–253 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of the Attorney General. 
SH–216 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
Organizational business meeting to con-
sider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Con-gress. 
SR–428A 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Finance 
Business meeting to consider H.R. 22, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
SD–215 
2:15 p.m. 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine combating 
financial exploitation of vulnerable seniors. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine protecting 
America from cyber attacks, focusing on the importance of information shar-ing. 
SD–342 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Organizational business meeting to con-
sider selection of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Committee, com-mittee rules of procedure, and an origi-nal resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Con-gress; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine Indian country priorities for the 114th Con-gress. 
SD–628 
4 p.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
Organizational business meeting to con-
sider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the Committee, rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, and subcommittee assignments. 
SR–328A 
JANUARY 29 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine global chal-
lenges and the U.S. national security strategy. 
SD–G50 10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2015’’. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
the performance of transportation net-works, focusing on stakeholder per-spectives. 
SR–253 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine S. 33, to 
provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy deci-sions to approve or deny applications 
to export natural gas. 
SD–366 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine employer 
wellness programs, focusing on better health outcomes and lower costs. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To continue hearings to examine the 
nomination of the Attorney General. 
SH–216 
12 noon 
Committee on Rules and Administration 
Organizational business meeting to con-
sider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress. 
S–219 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold closed hearings to examine the 
campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). 
SVC–217 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
FEBRUARY 11 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the Inter-
net. 
SR–253 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JANUARY 28 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine articulating 
the case for American leadership in the world, focusing on the national inter-est. 
SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:58 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M26JA8.000 E26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D57 Monday, January 26, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S447–S494 
Measures Introduced: Six bills and three resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 250–255, and S. Res. 39–41.
                                                               Page S466 
Measures Reported: 
S. Res. 39, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Energy and Natural Resources.       Page S466 
Measures Passed: 
Congratulating North Dakota State University 
Football Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 41, con-
gratulating the North Dakota State University foot-ball team for winning the 2014 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Football Champion-ship Subdivision title.
                                               Page S488 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate re-
sumed consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                                     Page S449–60 
Pending: 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                     Page S449 
Vitter/Cassidy Modified Amendment No. 80 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to provide for the distribution of revenues from certain areas of the outer Conti-nental Shelf.
                                                                    Page S449 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 67 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to restrict the authority of the Environmental Protection Agency to arm agency personnel.
                                                                         Page S449 
Cardin Amendment No. 75 (to Amendment No. 
2), to provide communities that rely on drinking water from a source that may be affected by a tar sands spill from the Keystone XL pipeline an anal-ysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of the pipeline. 
                                                                                              Page S449 
Murkowski Amendment No. 98 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic re-gion and rural communities.
                                 Page S449 Flake Amendment No. 103 (to Amendment No. 
2), to require the evaluation and consolidation of du-plicative green building programs.
                     Page S449 
Cruz Amendment No. 15 (to Amendment No. 2), 
to promote economic growth and job creation by in-creasing exports.
                                                           Page S449 
Moran/Cruz Amendment No. 73 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to delist the lesser prairie-chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.
                                                                            Page S449 
Daines Amendment No. 132 (to Amendment No. 
2), to express the sense of Congress regarding the designation of National Monuments.
                Page S449 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 53 yeas to 39 nays (Vote No. 29), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on Murkowski Amendment No. 2 (listed above).
                                            Page S454–55 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on Mur-kowski Amendment No. 2 (listed above).
      Page S455 
By 53 yeas to 39 nays (Vote No. 30), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                     Page S455 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider 
the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the bill.
                                                                                     Page S455 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-
proximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, January 27, 2015, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided with the Democrats controlling the first half, and the Re-publicans controlling the final half.
                   Page S488 
Appointments: 
Joint Committee on Taxation: The Chair an-
nounced on behalf of the Committee on Finance, pursuant to section 8002 of title 26, U.S. Code, the designation of the following Senators as members of the Joint Committee on Taxation: Senators Hatch, Grassley, Crapo, Wyden, and Stabenow.
         Page S488 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JA5.REC D26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D58 January 26, 2015 
Sim Farar, of California, to be a Member of the 
United States Advisory Commission on Public Di-plomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2015. 
Sim Farar, of California, to be a Member of the 
United States Advisory Commission on Public Di-plomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018. 
William Joseph Hybl, of Colorado, to be a Mem-
ber of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2015. 
William Joseph Hybl, of Colorado, to be a Mem-
ber of the United States Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy for a term expiring July 1, 2018. 
Dallas P. Tonsager, of South Dakota, to be a 
Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, Farm Credit Administration, for a term expiring May 21, 2020. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                  Page S490–94 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S465 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S465 Executive Communications:                         Page S465–66 
Additional Cosponsors:                                    Page S466–67 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                        Page S467–69 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S464 
Amendments Submitted:                               Page S469–88 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—30)                                                                Page S454–55 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4:30 p.m. and 
adjourned at 7:29 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Tuesday, January 27, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S488.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 17 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 522–538; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 26; H. Con. Res. 9; and H. Res. 49–51, were intro-duced.
                                                                          Page H581–82 
Additional Cosponsors:                                   Page H583–84 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 48, providing for consideration on the bill 
(H.R. 351) to provide for expedited approval of ex-portation of natural gas, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–5).
                                                                Page H581 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Allen to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                       Page H537 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:08 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                      Page H538 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope—Appointment: The Chair announced the 
Speaker’s appointment of the following Member of the House to the Commission on Security and Co-operation in Europe: Representative Smith (NJ), Chairman.
                                                                        Page H539 
Congressional-Executive Commission on the Peo-ple’s Republic of China—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member of the House to the Congres-
sional-Executive Commission on the People’s Repub-lic of China: Representative Smith (NJ), Chairman. 
                                                                                              Page H539 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:12 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3:33 p.m.                                                      Page H539 
Morning Hour Debate: Agreed by unanimous con-
sent that the order of the House of January 6, 2015 regarding Morning Hour debate does not apply to-morrow, January 27th.
                                             Page H539 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Human Trafficking Prioritization Act: H.R. 
514, to prioritize the fight against human trafficking within the Department of State according to con-gressional intent in the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 without increasing the size of the Federal Government;
                                           Page H539–42 
International Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand 
for Child Sex Trafficking: H.R. 515, to protect 
children from exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered child-sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, and requesting foreign governments to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JA5.REC D26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D59 January 26, 2015 
notify the United States when a known child-sex of-
fender is seeking to enter the United States; 
                                                                                        Page H542–46 
Human Trafficking Prevention Act: H.R. 357, 
to amend the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel related to trafficking in persons; and 
                                                                                        Page H546–48 
Enhancing Services for Runaway and Homeless 
Victims of Youth Trafficking Act of 2015: H.R. 
468, to amend the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act to increase knowledge concerning, and improve services for, runaway and homeless youth who are victims of trafficking.
                                          Page H548–49 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Traf-
ficking Act of 2015: H.R. 469, to amend the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking; and
                                                       Page H549–53 
Improving the response to victims of child sex 
trafficking: H.R. 246, to improve the response to 
victims of child sex trafficking.                      Page H553–55 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page 539. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 6:32 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 351, the ‘‘LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.R. 351. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Representa-tives Whitfield, Pallone, Johnson of Ohio, and Garamendi. Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JANUARY 27, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
global challenges and U.S. national security strategy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: orga-
nizational business meeting to consider an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the Committee, sub-
committee assignments, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine perspectives on the strategic necessity of Iran sanctions, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine Presi-
dent Obama’s 2015 trade policy agenda, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine No Child Left Behind, focusing on supporting teachers and school leaders, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting 
to consider pending calendar business; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing on certain intelligence mat-ters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Eco-nomic Outlook’’, 10:30 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘What are the Elements of Sound Data Breach Legisla-tion?’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining 
Public Health Legislation to Help Patients and Local Communities’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: An Update from the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Negotiations After the Second Ex-tension: Where Are They Going?’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Nigeria on the Brink?’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Evolution of Terrorist Prop-aganda: The Paris Attack and Social Media’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JA5.REC D26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D60 January 26, 2015 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, or-
ganizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
the ‘‘Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015’’, 1 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress; markup on H.R. 50, the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Informa-tion Transparency Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 313, the ‘‘Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 11 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Expanding Cyber Threat’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public 
Buildings, and Emergency Management, hearing entitled ‘‘Rebuilding After the Storm: Lessening Impacts and Speeding Recovery’’, 10:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, business 
meeting to designate Congresswoman Kathleen Rice to subcommittees; hearing on H.R. 189, the ‘‘Servicemem-ber Foreclosure Protections Extension Act of 2015’’; H.R. 
216, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Plan-ning Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 245, to amend title 38, United States Code, to codify certain existing provisions of law relating to effective dates for claims under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; H.R. 280, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and H.R. 294, the ‘‘Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘A Review of the Transition Assistance Program (TAP)’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘U.S. Trade Policy Agenda’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. 
Select Committee on Benghazi, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Hearing 3’’, relating to status review of out-standing requests, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of January 27 through January 30, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will 
continue consideration of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: January 
28, organizational business meeting to consider an origi-nal resolution authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee, rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, and subcommittee assignments, 4 p.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Armed Services: January 27, to hold hear-
ings to examine global challenges and U.S. national secu-rity strategy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
January 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine the impact of the ‘‘Budget Control Act of 2011’’ and sequestration on national security, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
January 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine global challenges and the U.S. national security strat-egy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Janu-
ary 27, organizational business meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee, subcommittee assignments, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine perspectives on the strategic neces-sity of Iran sanctions, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
January 29, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Nuclear Weapon Free Iran 
Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: January 28, to hold hearings to 
examine the Congressional Budget Office’s (CBO) budget and economic outlook for fiscal years 2015–2025, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Janu-
ary 28, to hold hearings to examine freight rail transpor-tation, focusing on enhancing safety, efficiency, and com-merce, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
January 29, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine improving the performance of transportation networks, focusing on stakeholder per-spectives, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: January 29, 
to hold hearings to examine S. 33, to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy deci-sions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: January 28, 
to hold hearings to examine MAP–21 reauthorization, fo-cusing on Federal and state perspectives, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: January 27, to hold hearings to 
examine President Obama’s 2015 trade policy agenda, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
January 28, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, 11 a.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JA5.REC D26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D61 January 26, 2015 
Committee on Foreign Relations: January 28, organiza-
tional business meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the Committee, sub-committee assignments, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. 
January 29, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), 2 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Jan-
uary 27, to hold hearings to examine No Child Left Be-hind, focusing on supporting teachers and school leaders, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
January 28, Full Committee, organizational business 
meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing ex-penditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, committee rules of procedure, subcommittee assignments, S. 192, to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Strengthening Education Through Research Act’’, and any pending nominations, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. 
January 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine employer wellness programs, focusing on better health outcomes and lower costs, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
January 28, to hold hearings to examine protecting America from cyber attacks, focusing on the importance of information sharing, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: January 28, organizational 
business meeting to consider selection of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Committee, committee rules of procedure, and an original resolution authorizing expendi-tures by the committee during the 114th Congress; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine Indian country priorities for the 114th Congress, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: January 28, to hold hearings 
to examine the nomination of the Attorney General, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
January 29, Full Committee, to continue hearings to 
examine the nomination of the Attorney General, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Rules and Administration: January 29, orga-
nizational business meeting to consider an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, 12 noon, S–219, Capitol. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: January 
28, organizational business meeting to consider an origi-nal resolution authorizing expenditures by the Com-mittee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, 10:30 a.m., SR–428A. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: January 27, closed busi-
ness meeting to consider pending calendar business; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing on certain in-telligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
January 29, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: January 28, to hold hearings 
to examine combating financial exploitation of vulnerable seniors, 2:15 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, January 28, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 9:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services, January 28, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Case for Reform: Improving DOD’s Ability to Respond to the Pace of Technological Change’’, 9:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, January 28, Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 9:45 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, January 28, 
Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Supercom-puting and American Technology Leadership’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, January 28, Sub-
committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Quality and Cost of VA Health Care’’, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JA5.REC D26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD62 January 26, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
11 a.m., Tuesday, January 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Tuesday, January 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 351— 
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act (Subject to a Rule).Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the rules: (1) H.R. 350—Human Traf-ficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015; (2) H.R. 159—Stop Exploitation Through Traf-ficking Act of 2015, as amended; (3) H.R. 285—Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015; (4) H.R. 181—Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, as amended; (5) H.R. 460—Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015; and (6) H.R. 398—Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Barton, Joe, Tex., E101 
Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E100 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E105 Brown, Corrine, Fla., E101 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E100 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E104 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E107 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E106 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E104 
Dold, Robert J., Ill., E97 Farr, Sam, Calif., E98, E100 Foster, Bill, Ill., E103, E107 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E97, E99, E105, E107 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E101, E104 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E97, E98 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E100 McGovern, James P., Mass., E106 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E99 Poe, Ted, Tex., E98 
Ratcliffe, John, Tex., E97 Smith, Jason, Mo., E106 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E99, E107 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E106 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E104 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E100 Young, David, Iowa, E105, E107 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:10 Jan 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26JA5.REC D26JAPT1rfrederick on DSK6VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST