Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5983 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 2015 No. 133 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. H
ARRIS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
September 16, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable A NDYHAR-
RISto act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
CHRISTIAN PERSECUTION 
WORLDWIDE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, soon 
Pope Francis will deliver a historical address to this Congress. During this year, he has addressed a form of geno-cide happening in the world. 
Globally, Christians are being impris-
oned, tortured, and killed because they are Christians. In 2013, Christians faced persecution in 102 out of 190-plus coun-tries. In Iran, American Christian pas-tor Saeed Abedini has been languishing in jail for the last 2
1⁄2years because he 
is a Christian. 
According to the 2015 Open Doors’ 
World Watch List, North Korea is the worst persecutor of Christians in the whole world. There, Christians are often sent to prison camps for posses-sion of Bibles, sometimes even exe-cuted because they are Christians. The State Department estimates that 80,000 to 120,000 North Koreans are impris-oned in labor camps because of their religious beliefs. In November of 2013, 80 North Korean Christians were re-portedly executed for possession of Bi-bles and possessing South Korean reli-gious films. 
In Pakistan, in one city, Christian 
churches have been bombed. A 14-year- old Christian boy was beaten and set on fire because he was a Christian. Burns now cover more than 55 percent of his body. 
In Egypt, over a 3-day period in 2013, 
Coptic Christians experienced the worst single attack against their churches in 700 years, with 40 Christian churches destroyed and over 100 others severely damaged. Thousands of Coptic Christians have fled Egypt to other countries. 
In Libya, ISIS captured and beheaded 
21 people because they were Christians. When the victims’ families tried to build a church in their honor, they were attacked by a Muslim mob and beaten. 
It is not just Assad’s thugs in Syria 
killing Christians; religious cleansing takes place in other places. In Syria, militants expelled 90 percent of the Christians in the city of Homs. Patri-arch Gregorios III of Antioch says, out of a population of 1.75 million, 450,000 Syrian Christians have fled in fear. 
Mr. Speaker, no Christian anywhere 
on Earth should have to leave their homeland because of their faith. 
In Iraq, where Christians have been 
calling home since the time of Christ, the story is just as dark. Its Christian population has almost entirely dis-
appeared—dropping 90 percent since the first gulf war. The number of churches has declined from 300 in 2003 to 57. 
In Africa, the terrorist group al 
Shabaab attacked a university in Kenya, going door-to-door to find and execute Christians. Al Shabaab at-tacked a shopping mall in Kenya in 2013 and took shoppers captive. One of them was Joshua Hakim. When Joshua got close to his attackers, he showed them his ID, and he covered up his Christian name with his thumb. ‘‘They told me to go,’’ Joshua recalled later. ‘‘Then another man came forward, and they said, what is the name of Muhammad’s mother?’’ The individual couldn’t answer; so they shot him. 
Mr. Speaker, history tells us that the 
persecution of Christians has been going on since the day Stephen was stoned for his faith in Acts 7. 
As a country, the United States 
needs to reexamine its relationship with countries and states that per-secute or tolerate the persecution of Christians. Countries should get no U.S. foreign aid until they start pro-tecting Christians instead of perse-cuting them. And let’s call groups like ISIS what they truly are: a radical and dangerous Islamic extremist terrorist group. 
Religious liberty is a basic civil 
right, a humanitarian right, and an in-alienable right. Since Pilgrims came to America to escape religious persecu-tion in their homeland, our Nation has stood as a bright beacon to the world for religious freedom for everyone— Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Christians, and others. 
It is written in the Good Book that a 
man was traveling on the Jericho road and fell among robbers. The man was beaten, his property was stolen, and he was left for dead. Other people traveled down the same road, saw him in the ditch, but passed on by him on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.000 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5984 September 16, 2015 
other side of the road. They went their 
own way. They did nothing. 
The United States cannot be silent 
and walk on the other side of the road while Christians worldwide are beaten, beheaded, and brutalized because they are Christians. We must be that beacon that shines in proud protection of reli-gious freedom for all—including Chris-tians. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES TO THE 
HONORABLE RON PAUL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, one of my 
dearest friends, and a man nationally known for his knowledge and wisdom on so many subjects, recently cele-brated his 80th birthday on August 20. That special friend is Ron Paul. 
Those who had the pleasure to serve 
with Ron know how he served with un-wavering principles. Whether he was 
fighting the Federal Reserve, speaking out against unnecessary war, or de-fending life, Ron Paul lived out the principles he holds dear and upheld the Constitution. That is why I supported him when he ran for the President of the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, it was Ron Paul who 
started the Liberty Caucus, of which I am still a member. I will always re-member very fondly when we met in his office in the Cannon Building for lunch meetings. He would invite speak-ers who were expert in everything from monetary policy to foreign policy. We all got so much out of those Liberty Caucus meetings. 
He helped me and many of my col-
leagues have a better understanding of monetary policy, what are good poli-cies and what are bad policies. Too many times our leaders don’t under-stand the impact and complexities of monetary policy. Mr. Speaker, it is ob-vious, with our growing debt of $18.3 trillion, that our leadership in both parties should call on Ron Paul and ask his advice. 
In my 20 years in Congress, I have 
not had a better friend than Ron Paul. I have always been able to count on Ron as both a personal and professional confidant. 
In his many years as a ‘‘citizen pa-
triot,’’ as his son United States Sen-ator R
ANDPAULcalls him, the cause of 
liberty has never had a better friend than Ron Paul. Ron is a great fighter for the Constitution; and even though he is out of public office, his fight is just as strong today as ever. 
I’m sure many of my colleagues in 
the House would join me in wishing a belated happy birthday to Ron Paul, my dear friend, and a friend of the Con-stitution. 
f 
U.S. FORESTRY BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, this has been, once again, a really catastrophic wildfire season. In fact, we saw the loss of lives of indi-viduals who serve our country in the United States Forest Service, and so we certainly keep them and their fam-ily members in our thoughts and pray-ers. 
It is time that we address this issue 
in terms of the expansive fires that we have seen. The administration has been very vocal for the need to provide more funding to combat more wildfires and also stop more fire-borrowing from the Forest Service budget. As a matter of fact, there was a press release yester-day regarding the administration’s let-ter to Congress addressing the budget issue. 
I agree there needs to be a solution, 
but fixing the budget is not the final solution. However, addressing the fire- borrowing will not solve the problem alone. 
Mr. Speaker, in 1995, fighting 
wildfires consumed one-sixth of the Forest Service budget. In 2015, this Au-gust, it is consuming one-half, 50 per-cent, of the Forest Service budget. We have to address, though, the root cause of this problem, which is not just warmer temperatures, but it is largely the fuel load, the fire load, from the lack of active management, insuffi-cient active management, in our na-tional forests. 
It is also very important that the 
Forest Service have the ability to ex-pediently treat national forest acres for forest health and wildfire preven-tion. The Agriculture Committee passed through the House H.R. 2647. I was very proud to be a cosponsor of that bill and managed that bill on the floor. It passed with bipartisan sup-port. This bill is called the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. This legis-lation is an earnest attempt to give the Forest Service more authority and much-needed flexibility to deal with these challenges of process, funding, litigation, necessary timber har-vesting, and much-needed active man-agement in our national forests. 
Now, the Obama administration 
strongly opposes this legislation de-spite, yesterday, in an Agriculture oversight hearing where we heard from the Under Secretary words like ‘‘col-laborative’’ and the ‘‘need for expedited NEPA,’’ which is a national environ-mental assessment. It doesn’t mean there is no assessment; it just does it in an efficient way. It provides what is necessary, not overregulation, pro-viding more categorical exclusions to NEPA. Those were all things the Under Secretary said that this administration is supportive of. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, those are all 
things in this bill, and yet the adminis-
tration, for whatever reason I have a hard time understanding, is opposed to this bill. 
One of the solutions here, obviously, 
is to do good, active timbering. I want to come back, Mr. Speaker, to those 
years, 1995, where one-sixth of the For-est Service budget was consumed for fighting wildfires—and that is a lot, one-sixth. That year, they generated 3.8 billion board-feet of timber. That was the harvesting that took place. Just 7 years prior to that, we were har-vesting 12.7 billion board-feet. That was the high in recent decades, in 1987. 
As you can imagine, when you are 
doing that much harvesting, you are reducing the fuel load. You are reduc-ing the risk. Fire needs oxygen, it needs fuel, and it needs some type of energy to ignite it. If you take away the fuel, any of those three triangles, as a long-time firefighter, I can tell you that is how you prevent fires. Yet today, August 2015, where we are spend-ing one-half of the Forest Service budget, we are taking money out of timbering programs and multiuse pro-grams, they are only producing 2.4 bil-lion board-feet from our forests. 
Now, you look at what is the value of 
that? So you take the difference be-tween where we were at a high of 12.7 billion board-feet—and that wasn’t at a sustainable rate; we were growing much more timber than what we were cutting even in 1987—so that is a dif-ference of 10.3 billion board-feet. 
How do we put an economic value on 
that? Well, if you just look at what the most recent average is for board-foot of timber harvested in national forests, Mr. Speaker, and you calculate that difference, if we would be harvesting and active timbering, active manage-ment the way we should, just looking at that 1987 standard—which is well below what we potentially could be cutting—that is $169 billion in revenue coming into the Treasury of the United States. 
Our national forests are meant to be 
resources that provide for our Nation. With $169 billion, do you know what, I think we would have the resources to fight the fires. But if we were truly timbering where we should be, we wouldn’t be having those fires. 
The U.S. Forest Service did recently 
announce that it has already surpassed its more than $1 billion budget for fighting wildfires and that it will have to transfer an additional $450 million from programs which benefit national forests across the Nation. This is the eighth time since 2002 that the service has had to transfer such funds because of wildfire costs. Such transfers take money directly out of timber har-
vesting and salvage logging, rec-reational activities, grants to States, and even funding for fire suppression. 
There is a better way to do things. I 
look forward to working with our For-est Service, and I encourage the Obama administration to support that. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with many of my col-
leagues that these wildfires should be treated as natural disasters and the Forest Service needs budget flexibility. 
This is why I strongly support H.R. 167, the 
Wildfire Disaster Funding Act. 
Avoiding these funding transfers, keeping 
funding where it belongs, and increasing our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.030 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5985 September 16, 2015 
harvest are critical first steps in getting our na-
tion forests on track. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 14 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God of the universe, we 
give You thanks for giving us another day. We thank You that You give us a share in Your creative work, having endowed each with unique and impor-tant talents. 
On this day, we ask Your blessing on 
the men and women of the people’s House, who have been entrusted with the care of this great Nation’s people. Because of the great blessings You have bestowed on our Nation, may we embrace the opportunity to build a bet-ter world beyond our borders as well. 
Bless all those who work in the Na-
tion’s Capitol. May their work be ap-preciated by the American people, for their faithfulness in service to our Na-tion is truly edifying. 
May all that they do this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. A
SHFORD ) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ASHFORD led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
HELPING FAMILIES IN MENTAL 
HEALTH CRISIS ACT 
(Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, over the last few years, I have met with thousands of families of those with mental illness. Their number one concern is how the current system shuts them out. 
Debbie and Chaz Mahoney lost their 
son Chuckie to suicide in 2002. Al-though Chuckie sought counseling from his college and showed signs of mental crisis, his parents knew noth-ing about his struggle. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, also known as FERPA, kept Chuckie’s parents in the dark. 
The Mahoneys aren’t alone. Each 
day, millions of families experience the same tragic frustration. Schools will be sure to remind you when the tuition check arrives, but because of FERPA, when it comes to your child’s mental health, you only receive a call when it is too, too late. 
This Suicide Prevention Month, Con-
gress can fix this problem. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act allows doctors to provide limited, but crucial, information concerning indi-viduals with a serious mental illness to known caregivers. To save their lives and protect their rights to treatment, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2646. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we have 
only 7 legislative days left until an-other unnecessary, costly, and entirely preventable government shutdown. 
We need to negotiate an agreement 
to replace the sequester with a respon-sible alternative. Because Republicans have refused to start these negotia-tions, I have talked to Mrs. L
OWEY , the 
ranking member on the Appropriations Committee, and I have talked to Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , the ranking member on 
the Budget Committee, and I have talked to Mr. M
CCARTHY , but we have 
had no discussions on how to keep the government open just 8 legislative days from now. 
If the government were to shut down, 
as it did in 2013, it would cost our econ-omy billions of dollars and put our na-tional security at risk. Hundreds of thousands of public service workers would be furloughed, and millions of people would be cut off from critical programs and services. 
Many Republicans are urging their 
leadership not to risk a shutdown. Rep-resentative C
HARLIE DENTof Pennsyl-
vania said, ‘‘I don’t think we need to do a replay of 2013. It would be an enor-mous tactical and strategic blunder.’’ Indiana Senator D
ANCOATS , a conserv-
ative Republican, called a shutdown a failed tactic for political purposes that is not going to succeed. 
I urge my Republican colleagues to 
stop threatening a shutdown—not all of them, but some of them—and to, in-stead, take action to keep the govern-
ment open as we work to reach an agreement on a budget that replaces the sequester and funds our Nation’s priorities responsibly. 
f 
NUCLEAR IRAN DEAL MERITS 
SENATE’S ‘‘NUCLEAR’’ OPTION 
(Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
this week, I am circulating a letter to my House colleagues that asks the Senate to drop the 60-vote requirement for consideration of the Iran deal. 
The American people sent us to Con-
gress to represent their interests and to take actions that benefit our great country. 
Yet, time and time again, we hear 
from our constituents that Congress is not listening or is incapable of per-forming its basic responsibilities as a legislature. 
Our request to eliminate the fili-
buster for some votes simply under-scores that, in a democracy, the major-ity should decide. 
It is time to send a strong signal to 
this administration that it can no longer disregard the will of the Amer-ican people and their representatives in Congress. 
I urge my colleagues to sign this let-
ter that asks for a majority vote on the Iran deal in the Senate. 
f 
AVOID A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, today, 
we face another government shutdown, another government shutdown that threatens our economy. 
And what is this potential shutdown 
about? 
It is about Congress trying to dictate 
to women in my community which healthcare providers they can and can-not see to get care. 
Let me set the record straight. Planned Parenthood of the Heartland 
provides vital preventive care to women in my community. Last year, Planned Parenthood of the Heartland served nearly 10,000 patients. 
They conducted over 4,000 cervical 
and breast cancer screenings and over 13,000 tests for sexually transmitted in-fections. They provided prenatal care, pregnancy testing, and other preven-tive health services. 
They are an active supporter of the 
national campaign to prevent teen and unplanned pregnancy, and they even have licensed adoption professionals on site to help women navigate the steps of adoption. 
I am a strong believer that education 
regarding women’s health prevents abortions. We must come together and work in a spirit of bipartisanship to avoid this government shutdown. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:43 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.002 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5986 September 16, 2015 
SACRED RIGHT—RELIGIOUS 
FREEDOM 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Cop-
tic Christians—the largest religious minority in Egypt and the largest Christian community in the Middle East—are constantly persecuted. 
In 2011, Ayman Nabil Labib went to 
school like he did every day. Ayman, like most Coptic Christians in Egypt, had a cross tattooed on his wrist as a sign of his Christian faith. 
When he got to school, Ayman’s Ara-
bic language teacher asked him to cover the tattoo. Instead, Ayman pulled the cross from underneath his shirt and left it hanging around his neck. 
The teacher became enraged. He 
choked Ayman and asked Ayman’s Muslim classmates: What are you going to do with him? Then his class-mates beat him to death to silence his faith. 
Ayman was murdered because he was 
a Christian. 
Religious freedom is a basic, sacred, 
universal human right. Alexander Hamilton said in 1775, ‘‘The sacred rights of mankind . . . are written, as with a sun beam in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the di-vinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by mortal power.’’ 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, there are 
only 7 legislative days until the GOP shuts down this government again. 
I have been back home. I don’t know 
about you, but what I have heard is that the American people do not want to see another government shutdown. They don’t want to see Planned Par-enthood defunded, taking away essen-tial health care for women across the country. 
What they want to see is for us to 
work together. They want to see both parties work together to keep the gov-ernment open for sure, but to go be-yond that, to make sure that families can save to own a home, that they can send their kids to college, that they can have something set aside for retire-ment. 
It is not just enough to keep the gov-
ernment open. That ought to be a given. We ought to take up the prior-ities of the American people. 
Unfortunately, what we see is that, 
in an attempt to get something that a minority of this body wants, they are going to hold up the entirety of the government—shut down the govern-ment—over one issue. That is not re-sponsible, and that is not what the American people sent us here to do. House Democrats are ready to work 
together. We will compromise, but let’s negotiate. Let’s have a discussion. 
Let’s talk to one another and come 
up with a budget that we can work to-gether on and that we can present to the American people, and let’s get back to the business the people sent us here to do. 
f 
MANUFACTURING DAY 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to encourage support in pro-moting National Manufacturing Day, an annual event that is recognized on Friday, October 2. 
During a time in which the manufac-
turing sector is under a number of challenges, Manufacturing Day aims to revitalize the image of manufacturing and to bring awareness of this sector’s many contributions to the economy and to the United States’ competitive-ness. 
As the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Commerce, Manufac-turing, and Trade, I intend to support this day of recognition on October 2 in my district, and I encourage my col-leagues to do the same in their dis-tricts. Manufacturing Day also serves as an opportunity for manufacturers across the country to highlight their work. 
Manufacturing is imperative for the 
future of the United States’ economy, and it encourages the growth of Amer-ican innovation, a skill that must con-tinue to be fostered in this generation and those generations yet to come. 
f 
A BIPARTISAN BUDGET 
AGREEMENT 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to discuss the need to come together, put aside partisan politics, and pass a budget. 
More than 7 in 10 Americans are say-
ing they would prefer a budget agree-ment to prevent the government from shutting down. 
I was elected to Congress and came 
here promising my constituents no more government shutdowns, no more Federal furloughs, and no more seques-tration. 
I ask for the leadership of both par-
ties to put forward a bipartisan, long- term budget solution to help prevent a government shutdown. 
We need to focus on what matters: 
growing our economy, upgrading our aging infrastructure, and helping to en-sure that our citizens are able to ob-tain the American Dream. 
We cannot waste any more time on 
political gridlock, and it is not fair to hijack our Nation’s budget bill. Let’s come together. Let’s get to work. Let’s 
answer the call of our constituents, and let’s pass a budget. 
f 
CHILDREN’S CARDIOMYOPATHY 
AWARENESS MONTH 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize September as Chil-dren’s Cardiomyopathy Awareness Month. 
Cardiomyopathy is a chronic disease 
of the heart muscle that increases the risk of sudden cardiac arrest, which is a condition that claims approximately 295,000 lives in the United States every year. It is also the leading cause of death among schoolchildren. 
That is one reason I introduced the 
SAFE PLAY Act, which would improve the health and safety of student ath-letes, including those who are diag-nosed with cardiomyopathy. 
We know that, when sudden cardiac 
arrest hits, quick intervention saves lives. That is why the SAFE PLAY Act includes provisions to teach students across the country the life-saving skills of CPR and how to use AEDs. 
As we recognize Children’s Cardio-
myopathy Awareness Month, I want to invite my colleagues and their staffs to the second annual AED Hunt on the Hill, taking place tomorrow at 4 p.m. in the afternoon. There you can learn more about cardiomyopathy, how AEDs save lives, and how the SAFE PLAY Act can help. Together, we can make a difference. 
f 
b1415 
GOP SHUTDOWN/PLANNED 
PARENTHOOD 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, Republicans are threatening to shut down our government. 
Instead of passing a sensible funding 
bill or a long-term transportation bill that will create jobs, Republicans have chosen to put jobs at risk. They have chosen to weaken security at our air-ports. They have chosen to close our national parks. They pretty much have chosen not to serve their constituents back home. 
And it is for what reason? It is be-
cause they are so determined to regu-late women’s bodies and block women’s right to access preventive and life-saving health care that they would rather throw Americans under the bus. 
Last year alone, in my State of 
North Carolina, Planned Parenthood served more than 31,000 patients, pro-viding mammograms, pap smears, can-cer screenings, contraceptive services, and STD testing. 
Why would we want to deny women, 
many who are low income, of these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.031 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5987 September 16, 2015 
necessary health benefits? Women’s ac-
cess to health care has always been im-portant to me, and that is why I am a consistent advocate for the work that Planned Parenthood does. 
More importantly, I refuse to put 
jobs and our country’s safety at risk over partisan grandstanding. Only 7 days left—it is time to do what we were sent here to do and end this senseless shutdown talk. 
f 
GOP DYSFUNCTION 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my Republican col-leagues to please don’t shut down the government. Let’s work together. Let’s put politics aside and do what is best for the American people. 
By the end of this month, we are ex-
pected to negotiate a responsible budg-et agreement, but threats from the rightwing extremists are taking us off course once again. 
I recently wrote an op-ed challenging 
Republican threats to women’s healthcare coverage, as I refuse to stand on the sidelines when our coun-try’s daughters, sisters, and mothers are under attack. 
Instead of, once again, holding wom-
en’s health care hostage in order to pass a biased agenda, we need to come together to pass a responsible, bipar-tisan budget to address our Nation’s most pressing problems. 
Now, residents in the Dallas/Fort 
Worth area are concerned about get-ting some congestion off of our free-ways and doing things like making sure that the American public has good, well-paying jobs and protecting our businesses. 
They want us to pass a balanced and 
responsible budget that averts another government shutdown. We cannot ex-pect to repeat the same mistakes and think that it is going to yield different results. 
The American people are counting on 
us to focus on what matters: jobs, edu-cation, and fixing our country’s crum-bling infrastructure. 
f 
STOP GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
stand before you today outraged and disappointed. Once again, petty par-tisan politics is threatening to derail government funding and shut down critical services to hard-working, de-serving Americans. 
Later today, I will be hosting a 
forum with the media, talking about how women are treated and misrepre-sented in the media; and here, we have an issue that has a direct impact on women being used as a pawn to shut down our government. The only group that is portrayed more negatively—and we all hear it—is our own Congress. We must act now to change how we 
are portrayed and how America views us. We must work together and stop another wasteful and harmful govern-ment shutdown. We are better than this. 
Congress, my colleagues, let’s work 
together and keep our government working. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, September 16, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on September 16, 2015 at 9:23 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 2036. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 20 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 3 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later today. 
f 
NATIONAL WINDSTORM IMPACT 
REDUCTION ACT REAUTHORIZA-TION OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 23) to reauthorize the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: Strike out all after the enacting clause and 
insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Wind-
storm Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) D IRECTOR .—Section 203(1) of the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15702(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of the Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology’’. 
(b) L
IFELINES .—Section 203 of the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15702) is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) L
IFELINES .—The term ‘lifelines’ means 
public works and utilities, including transpor-tation facilities and infrastructure, oil and gas pipelines, electrical power and communication facilities and infrastructure, and water supply and sewage treatment facilities.’’. 
(c) W
INDSTORM .—Paragraph (5) of such sec-
tion, as redesignated by subsection (b), is amended by inserting ‘‘northeaster,’’ after ‘‘tropical storm,’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUC-
TION PROGRAM. 
Section 204 of the National Windstorm Impact 
Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15703) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a), (b), and (c) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Pro-gram, the purpose of which is to achieve major measurable reductions in the losses of life and property from windstorms through a coordi-nated Federal effort, in cooperation with other levels of government, academia, and the private sector, aimed at improving the understanding of windstorms and their impacts and developing and encouraging the implementation of cost-ef-fective mitigation measures to reduce those im-pacts. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF PROGRAM AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) L EAD AGENCY .—The National Institute of 
Standards and Technology shall have the pri-mary responsibility for planning and coordi-nating the Program. In carrying out this para-graph, the Director shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that the Program includes the 
necessary components to promote the implemen-tation of windstorm risk reduction measures by Federal, State, and local governments, national standards and model building code organiza-tions, architects and engineers, and others with a role in planning and constructing buildings and lifelines; 
‘‘(B) support the development of performance- 
based engineering tools, and work with appro-priate groups to promote the commercial appli-cation of such tools, including through wind-re-lated model building codes, voluntary stand-ards, and construction best practices; 
‘‘(C) request the assistance of Federal agen-
cies other than the Program agencies, as nec-essary to assist in carrying out this Act; 
‘‘(D) coordinate all Federal post-windstorm 
investigations to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(E) when warranted by research or inves-
tigative findings, issue recommendations to as-sist in informing the development of model codes, and provide information to Congress on the use of such recommendations. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—In addition to the lead agency 
responsibilities described under paragraph (1), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.008 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5988 September 16, 2015 
the National Institute of Standards and Tech-
nology shall be responsible for carrying out re-search and development to improve model build-ing codes, voluntary standards, and best prac-tices for the design, construction, and retrofit of buildings, structures, and lifelines. 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—The 
National Science Foundation shall support re-search in— 
‘‘(A) engineering and the atmospheric sciences 
to improve the understanding of the behavior of windstorms and their impact on buildings, structures, and lifelines; and 
‘‘(B) economic and social factors influencing 
windstorm risk reduction measures. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC AD -
MINISTRATION .—The National Oceanic and At-
mospheric Administration shall support atmos-pheric sciences research to improve the under-standing of the behavior of windstorms and their impact on buildings, structures, and life-lines. 
‘‘(5) F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGEN -
CY.—The Federal Emergency Management 
Agency shall— 
‘‘(A) support— ‘‘(i) the development of risk assessment tools 
and effective mitigation techniques; 
‘‘(ii) windstorm-related data collection and 
analysis; 
‘‘(iii) public outreach and information dis-
semination; and 
‘‘(iv) promotion of the adoption of windstorm 
preparedness and mitigation measures, includ-ing for households, businesses, and commu-nities, consistent with the Agency’s all-hazards approach; and 
‘‘(B) work closely with national standards 
and model building code organizations, in con-junction with the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology, to promote the implemen-tation of research results and promote better building practices within the building design and construction industry, including architects, engineers, contractors, builders, and inspec-tors.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c), and by striking subsections (e) and (f); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c), as so re-
designated, the following new subsections: 
‘‘(d) B
UDGET ACTIVITIES .—The Director of the 
National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, the Director of the National Science Foundation, the Director of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, and the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall each include in their agency’s an-nual budget request to Congress a description of their agency’s projected activities under the Program for the fiscal year covered by the budg-et request, along with an assessment of what they plan to spend on those activities for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATING COMMITTEE  
ONWINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established an 
Interagency Coordinating Committee on Wind-storm Impact Reduction, chaired by the Director or the Director’s designee. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—In addition to the chair, 
the Committee shall be composed of— 
‘‘(A) the heads or such designees of— ‘‘(i) the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency; 
‘‘(ii) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration; 
‘‘(iii) the National Science Foundation; ‘‘(iv) the Office of Science and Technology 
Policy; and 
‘‘(v) the Office of Management and Budget; 
and 
‘‘(B) the head of any other Federal agency, or 
such designee, the chair considers appropriate. 
‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet 
not less than once a year at the call of the Di-rector of the National Institute of Standards and Technology. ‘‘(4) G
ENERAL PURPOSE AND DUTIES .—The 
Committee shall oversee the planning and co-ordination of the Program. 
‘‘(5) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—The Committee shall 
develop and submit to Congress, not later than one year after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reau-thorization of 2015, a Strategic Plan for the Pro-gram that includes— 
‘‘(A) prioritized goals for the Program that 
will mitigate against the loss of life and prop-erty from future windstorms; 
‘‘(B) short-term, mid-term, and long-term re-
search objectives to achieve those goals; 
‘‘(C) a description of the role of each Program 
agency in achieving the prioritized goals; 
‘‘(D) the methods by which progress towards 
the goals will be assessed; and 
‘‘(E) an explanation of how the Program will 
foster the transfer of research results into out-comes, such as improved model building codes. 
‘‘(6) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reau-thorization of 2015, the Committee shall submit to the Congress a report on the progress of the Program that includes— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities funded 
under the Program, a description of how these activities align with the prioritized goals and re-search objectives established in the Strategic Plan, and the budgets, per agency, for these ac-tivities; 
‘‘(B) the outcomes achieved by the Program 
for each of the goals identified in the Strategic Plan; 
‘‘(C) a description of any recommendations 
made to change existing building codes that were the result of Program activities; and 
‘‘(D) a description of the extent to which the 
Program has incorporated recommendations from the Advisory Committee on Windstorm Im-pact Reduction. 
‘‘(7) C
OORDINATED BUDGET .—The Committee 
shall develop a coordinated budget for the Pro-gram, which shall be submitted to the Congress not later than 60 days after the date of the President’s budget submission for each fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION. 
Section 205 of the National Windstorm Impact 
Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15704) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 205. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology shall establish an Advisory Committee on Wind-storm Impact Reduction, which shall be com-posed of at least 7 and not more than 15 mem-bers who are qualified to provide advice on windstorm impact reduction and represent re-lated scientific, architectural, and engineering disciplines, none of whom may be employees of the Federal Government, including— 
‘‘(1) representatives of research and academic 
institutions; 
‘‘(2) industry standards development organi-
zations; 
‘‘(3) emergency management agencies; ‘‘(4) State and local government; and ‘‘(5) business communities, including the in-
surance industry. 
‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENTS .—The Advisory Committee 
on Windstorm Impact Reduction shall offer as-sessments and recommendations on— 
‘‘(1) trends and developments in the natural, 
engineering, and social sciences and practices of windstorm impact mitigation; 
‘‘(2) the priorities of the Program’s Strategic 
Plan; 
‘‘(3) the coordination of the Program; ‘‘(4) the effectiveness of the Program in meet-
ing its purposes; and 
‘‘(5) any revisions to the Program which may 
be necessary. ‘‘(c) C
OMPENSATION .—The members of the Ad-
visory Committee established under this section shall serve without compensation. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—At least every 2 years, the Ad-
visory Committee shall report to the Director on the assessments carried out under subsection (b) and its recommendations for ways to improve the Program. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER .—Notwithstanding section 
14(b)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee shall not be required to file a charter subsequent to its initial charter, filed under section 9(c) of such Act, before the termination date specified in subsection (f) of this section. 
‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The Advisory Committee 
shall terminate on September 30, 2017. 
‘‘(g) C ONFLICT OF INTEREST .—An Advisory 
Committee member shall recuse himself from any Advisory Committee activity in which he has an actual pecuniary interest.’’. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 207 of the National Windstorm Impact 
Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15706) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 207. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
AGENCY .—There are authorized to be appro-
priated to the Federal Emergency Management Agency for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2016; and 
‘‘(3) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated to the Na-tional Science Foundation for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(d) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  
ADMINISTRATION .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2017.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. T ONKO ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 23, the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Re-authorization of 2015, reauthorizes the activities of the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program through fiscal year 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.005 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5989 September 16, 2015 
Representative R ANDY NEUGEBAUER , 
my Texas colleague, has championed this program for over a decade. In the 113th Congress, he and Representative F
REDERICA WILSON ’s bipartisan efforts 
helped move this legislation through the Science Committee and to success-fully pass the House. 
It is because of their past work that 
we were able to bring this bill to the House floor on January 7, the second day of business in the 114th Congress, this Congress. The bill overwhelmingly passed the House 381–39. 
Today, we consider the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 23. Thanks to lead-ership of my colleague on the other side of the Capitol, Senator J
OHN 
THUNE , an amended version of H.R. 23 
passed the Senate Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee in June. It then passed the Senate by unanimous consent in July. 
The National Windstorm Impact Re-
duction Program supports Federal re-search and development efforts to help mitigate the loss of life and property due to wind-related hazards. 
Millions of Americans live in areas 
vulnerable to hurricanes, tornados, and other windstorms. The National Weather Service reported just over 100 deaths and over 900 injuries last year due to tornados and other windstorms. 
In Texas, we are all too familiar with 
the harm that strong wind can cause. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s storm prediction center, 128 tornados and 1,366 windstorms were reported just in Texas in the last 2 years. The effects of these disasters can be felt for a long time. 
Initially established in 2004, the Na-
tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Program supports activities to improve our understanding of windstorms and their impacts and helps to develop and encourage the implementation of cost- effective mitigation measures. H.R. 23 establishes the National Institute of Standards and Technology as the lead agency for the program. 
The bill also improves coordination 
of interagency activities in a fiscally responsible manner. It expands trans-parency for how much money is being spent on windstorm research at the four participating agencies, the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, the National Science Founda-tion, the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, and FEMA. It authorizes $21.4 million for this inter-agency research. 
The Senate amendment provides 
some flexibility to the advisory com-mittee on windstorm impact reduction when it provides recommendations in its report. It also ensures that northeasters are included in the defini-tion of windstorm and makes a few other minor conforming and technical changes. 
Again, I want to thank Representa-
tive N
EUGEBAUER for his continued ef-
forts in support of this program. I en-courage my colleagues to support the bill and to send it to the President’s 
desk for his autograph. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
23, legislation that reauthorizes the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, or NWIRP. 
America faces significant exposure to 
windstorms. We saw that, indeed, in 2012 when Superstorm Sandy dev-astated parts of the Northeast. Superstorm Sandy was responsible for over 200 deaths and caused over $70 bil-lion in damage. 
According to the National Weather 
Service, from 2005 to 2014, thousands of Americans lost their lives from the im-pacts of windstorms. Along with the loss of life, windstorms caused many billions of dollars in property and crop damage during that time. 
When windstorms occur, we must 
work to save lives and reduce the amount of property and crop damage that the windstorm or other natural disaster causes. We already are invest-ing significant resources after a wind-storm, but we should be investing more in preparedness. 
FEMA’s predisaster mitigation pro-
gram has demonstrated that every dol-lar invested in mitigation activities saves $3 to $4 in recovery costs. 
The National Windstorm Impact Re-
duction Act Reauthorization of 2015 is largely a mitigation program. The bill reauthorizes the NWIRP program that directs NIST, NSF, NOAA, and FEMA to support coordinated activities to im-prove our understanding of windstorms and their impacts and to develop cost- effective mitigation measures. 
This program has the potential to 
lessen the loss of life and economic damage of windstorms by supporting research and helping to translate that research into more effective building codes and mitigation programs, but this program needs robust investment to achieve that result. 
Unfortunately, this bill includes a 
lower total authorization level than was authorized for this program in fis-cal year 2008. 
We have the responsibility, I believe, 
to assist our constituents after a nat-ural disaster occurs, but we also have the responsibility to properly support mitigation programs that could reduce the loss of life and property damage caused by the next natural disaster. 
Nevertheless, this is an important 
program that needs reauthorization, and I, today, support its passage. 
I want to thank the members of the 
Science, Space and Technology Com-mittee, including Chair S
MITH, Rank-
ing Member J OHNSON , and Representa-
tive N EUGEBAUER , for their hard work 
on this bill. 
I want to thank the members of the 
Senate Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation Committee for their hard work as well. It is nice to see my col-leagues here in the House of Represent-atives and over in the Senate working 
in a bipartisan, bicameral manner to bring this bill to the floor today. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
first of all, I would like to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ), 
a member of the Science Committee, for his comments and for supporting this piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Lubbock, Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ), a 
Texas colleague. I want to thank him for sponsoring this piece of legislation and look forward to its passage today and to its being enacted into law as well. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support today for my bill, the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act, or NWIRP. 
As I said, I want to thank Chairman 
S
MITH. I also want to thank Senator 
JOHN THUNE of the Senate Committee 
on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, who helped shepherd this bill through the Senate. 
The United States averages almost 
1,300 recorded tornados every year, causing over 70 deaths and 1,500 inju-ries. These storms cost about $400 mil-lion in damage each year, but particu-larly in a bad year, like 2011, wind dam-age from tornadoes and thunderstorms cost more than $28 billion. This is a natural and a national disaster. 
When a family loses their home in a 
windstorm, they don’t just have to re-build their house; they have to rebuild 
their lives as well, and we can help these families, and we can help save their lives and, in many cases, help save their property through the impor-tant research that is going on at many universities around the country, in-cluding my alma mater, Texas Tech University. 
With those families in mind, I intro-
duced NWIRP. NWIRP promotes re-search that helps saves lives, reduce in-juries, and lessens damage from wind-storms. 
As was mentioned by my colleague 
from New York, we have found that $1 in investments in the resilience against windstorms can result in $4 in savings in a disaster response. Not only are we investing dollars to make America safer, but we are also saving the tax-payers in the long run. 
Upon passage, this bill will move to 
the President’s desk to be signed into law, and I think it is important that we get this bill passed as quickly as we can because, again, windstorms can cause a lot of damage and can cause the loss of life. 
The more we understand about the 
dynamics of these windstorms and un-derstanding how they interface with different types of building materials, the safer and better structures that we are able to build and ultimately, in many cases, save lives. 
A lot of important research has been 
going on. One of the things I like about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.011 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5990 September 16, 2015 
this particular piece of legislation is 
that it brings some accountability in making sure that we are investing the dollars in the places where we are get-ting the most bang for the buck for the American taxpayers. 
Not only are we looking out for the 
taxpayers in this bill, but we are also looking out for the people, the men and women, that are affected by these windstorms. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we must help our con-
stituents prepare for and mitigate the impacts of windstorms that threaten lives and property. This bill reauthor-izes a program that would do just that, and I urge its adoption. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no other requests from Members to speak on this piece of legislation, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 23, leg-islation that would reauthorize the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program—or NWIRP. 
The last few years have been devastating 
years for natural disasters across the country. For example, in May, the Great Plains had a six-day outbreak of tornado activity that af-fected areas ranging from Colorado to Texas and resulted in over 60 injuries and 5 fatali-ties. 
H.R. 23 directs NIST, NSF, NOAA, and 
FEMA to support activities to improve the un-derstanding of windstorms and their impacts. We can use that knowledge to reduce the vul-nerability of our communities to natural disas-ters. The NWIRP program helps our federal agencies and communities across the nation to develop and implement many measures that help minimize the loss of life and property during windstorms and to rebuild effectively and safely after such storms. 
I was pleased that when this bill was con-
sidered by the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, we worked in a bipar-tisan manner and made several improvements to the bill. We worked together to increase the authorization for FEMA, the agency tasked with implementing the research conducted by the other NWIRP agencies. Also, we added several social science-related provisions to the bill. We cannot design effective disaster prep-aration strategies without understanding how people make decisions and respond to dis-aster warnings. 
The House of Representatives passed H.R. 
23 at the end of January with a vote of 381– 39 and sent it to the Senate. During their con-sideration, the Senate made minor changes to the bill, but I am happy to report that all of the bipartisan improvements we made to the bill remain in H.R. 23. 
I want to thank my fellow Texans—Chair-
man S
MITH and Mr. N EUGEBAUER —for working 
across the aisle on this bill. I also want to thank the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee in the Senate for their work on this bill. 
This is an important program that needs to 
be reauthorized. It is good to see Members of the House and Senate coming together, work-ing out their differences, compromising, and 
ending up with a bill with bipartisan, bicameral support. 
I support the bill and urge my colleagues to 
support this important bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 23. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
GERARDO HERNANDEZ AIRPORT 
SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 720) to improve intergovernmental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic air-ports, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and 
insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gerardo Her-
nandez Airport Security Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) A SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Assist-
ant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security) of the Department of Homeland Security. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Administra-
tion’’ means the Transportation Security Ad-ministration. 
SEC. 3. SECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE AT AIR-
PORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall, in consultation with other Federal agen-cies as appropriate, conduct outreach to all air-ports in the United States at which the Adminis-tration performs, or oversees the implementation and performance of, security measures, and pro-vide technical assistance as necessary, to verify such airports have in place individualized work-ing plans for responding to security incidents inside the perimeter of the airport, including ac-tive shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints. 
(b) T
YPES OF PLANS.—Such plans may in-
clude, but may not be limited to, the following: 
(1) A strategy for evacuating and providing 
care to persons inside the perimeter of the air-port, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
(2) A plan for establishing a unified command, 
including identification of staging areas for non-airport-specific law enforcement and fire response. 
(3) A schedule for regular testing of commu-
nications equipment used to receive emergency calls. 
(4) An evaluation of how emergency calls 
placed by persons inside the perimeter of the airport will reach airport police in an expedi-tious manner. 
(5) A practiced method and plan to commu-
nicate with travelers and all other persons in-side the perimeter of the airport. 
(6) To the extent practicable, a projected max-
imum timeframe for law enforcement response to active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger security-screening check-
points. 
(7) A schedule of joint exercises and training 
to be conducted by the airport, the Administra-tion, other stakeholders such as airport and air-line tenants, and any relevant law enforcement, airport police, fire, and medical personnel. 
(8) A schedule for producing after-action joint 
exercise reports to identify and determine how to improve security incident response capabili-ties. 
(9) A strategy, where feasible, for providing 
airport law enforcement with access to airport security video surveillance systems at category X airports where those systems were purchased and installed using Administration funds. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate on the findings from its outreach to airports under subsection (a), including an analysis of the level of preparedness such airports have to respond to security incidents, including active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints. 
SEC. 4. DISSEMINATING INFORMATION ON BEST 
PRACTICES. 
The Assistant Secretary shall— 
(1) identify best practices that exist across air-
ports for security incident planning, manage-ment, and training; and 
(2) establish a mechanism through which to 
share such best practices with other airport op-erators nationwide. 
SEC. 5. CERTIFICATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Assistant Secretary shall certify in writing to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that all screening personnel have partici-pated in practical training exercises for active shooter scenarios. 
SEC. 6. REIMBURSABLE AGREEMENTS. 
Not later than 90 days after the enactment of 
this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an analysis of how the Administration can use cost savings achieved through effi-ciencies to increase over the next 5 fiscal years the funding available for checkpoint screening law enforcement support reimbursable agree-ments. 
SEC. 7. SECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE FOR SUR-
FACE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, and other relevant agencies, conduct outreach to all passenger transpor-tation agencies and providers with high-risk fa-cilities, as identified by the Assistant Secretary, to verify such agencies and providers have in place plans to respond to active shooters, acts of terrorism, or other security-related incidents that target passengers. 
(b) T
YPES OF PLANS.—As applicable, such 
plans may include, but may not be limited to, the following: 
(1) A strategy for evacuating and providing 
care to individuals, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
(2) A plan for establishing a unified command. (3) A plan for frontline employees to receive 
active shooter training. 
(4) A schedule for regular testing of commu-
nications equipment used to receive emergency calls. 
(5) An evaluation of how emergency calls 
placed by individuals using the transportation system will reach police in an expeditious man-ner. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5991 September 16, 2015 
(6) A practiced method and plan to commu-
nicate with individuals using the transportation system. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate on the findings from its outreach to the agencies and providers under subsection (a), in-cluding an analysis of the level of preparedness such transportation systems have to respond to security incidents. 
(d) D
ISSEMINATION OF BESTPRACTICES .—The 
Assistant Secretary shall identify best practices for security incident planning, management, and training and establish a mechanism through which to share such practices with pas-senger transportation agencies nationwide. 
SEC. 8. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out this Act, and this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
SEC. 9. INTEROPERABILITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Assist-ant Secretary of the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, conduct a review of the inter-operable communications capabilities of the law enforcement, fire, and medical personnel respon-sible for responding to a security incident, in-cluding active shooter events, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints, at all airports in the United States at which the Administration performs, or over-sees the implementation and performance of, se-curity measures. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the 
completion of the review, the Assistant Sec-retary shall report the findings of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-
tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP -
SON) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in strong 
support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Her-nandez Airport Security Act of 2015. 
This critically important piece of 
legislation is the product of a strong bipartisan effort stemming from the fatal shooting at Los Angeles Inter-national Airport on November 1, 2013. On that tragic day, TSA Officer Gerardo Hernandez was shot and killed by an active shooter, becoming the first Transportation Security Adminis-tration employee to be killed in the line of duty. Two other Transportation Security Administration officers and a passenger were also injured during the 
attack. 
In the wake of that attack, Congress-
man R
ICHARD HUDSON , who was then 
serving as the chairman of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Sub-committee on Transportation Security, spearheaded a bipartisan effort to in-vestigate the vulnerabilities high-lighted by the attack and enhance the state of airport security across the United States. 
One of my first acts as chairman of 
the subcommittee in the 114th Con-gress was to work with Mr. H
UDSON and 
reintroduce this important legislation, and I am pleased to see it through to final passage today. 
This bill builds on important steps 
taken by TSA and airports across the country and was developed with input from both public and private sector partners. The legislation makes impor-tant strides in enhancing the level of preparedness of our Nation’s transpor-tation systems in responding and miti-gating security incidents, such as ac-tive shooters and terror attacks. 
For example, it requires TSA to 
verify that airports and high-risk sur-face transportation hubs have plans in place to effectively train for and re-spond to security incidents when they occur. 
b1515 
Further, it will ensure that emer-
gency communications equipment is regularly tested and that emergency first responders are able to commu-nicate with each other and the public during a major security incident. The legislation also directs TSA to seek ways in which funding for reimbursable agreements to airport law enforcement can be increased in order to provide better support to the critical layer of security they provide. 
Developing this preparedness will go 
a long way in improving the response to threats to public safety and will work to overcome the challenges expe-rienced by law enforcement, emergency first responders, TSA, and the public during the LAX shooting. 
Just last week, the need for efficient 
and effective communications was highlighted during a stabbing and shooting incident at Union Station here in Washington, D.C., in which law enforcement from multiple agencies re-sponded to mitigate the situation. 
We must ensure that our frontline 
employees and first responders are equipped with the necessary tools and training to respond to these types of incidents in order to protect both themselves and the general public. 
I wish to extend a sincere thanks to 
Congressman H
UDSON for his work on 
this legislation as well as to the chair-man of the full committee, Mr. M
CCAULof Texas, for his support. Addi-
tionally, I would like to thank Rank-ing Member T
HOMPSON , Ranking Mem-
ber R ICE, and the other bipartisan co-
sponsors for their work in getting this legislation to the finish line. I would also like to extend gratitude to our col-
leagues in the Senate, especially Chair-man T
HUNE and Ranking Member N EL-
SON, for further refining the legislation 
and moving it through the Senate. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of the Senate 
amendment to H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, a bill that I am pleased to cosponsor. 
The November 2013 shooting at the 
Los Angeles International Airport re-sulted in the death of Transportation Security Officer Gerardo Hernandez. This terrible incident brought into focus the heroism of those who serve on the front lines of aviation security— Transportation Security officers. Un-armed and exposed, Transportation Se-curity officers perform the often thankless task of screening 1.8 million passengers per day, even though they have limited workplace protections and are charged with great responsi-bility. 
In March of 2014, I traveled with my 
committee’s Subcommittee on Trans-portation Security to conduct a site visit and oversight hearing at Los An-geles International Airport to explore what lessons could be learned from the tragic events of the shooting. Through this valuable oversight work, we learned that there was much to be done to address gaps and vulnerabilities within airports. We found that vital equipment, such as panic buttons at the checkpoints, were not in working order. We also found that there were other factors that could be bolstered to aid during active shooter situations, such as interoperable communications, so that every emergency responder would have access to realtime informa-
tion. 
The legislation under consideration 
today is the product of a bipartisan ef-fort to remedy many of the deficiencies identified following the shooting. 
Before yielding back, I would like to 
once again give my condolences to the family of Officer Hernandez and to re-mind Members that, under current law, TSO’s families do not receive death benefits. 
Currently, Transportation Security 
officers do not meet the definition for a public safety officer; and as a result, the families of TSOs who are killed in the line of duty, such as the Hernandez family, are not entitled to funds from the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Programs. 
Last Congress, the gentlewoman 
from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) intro-
duced legislation that would grant Transportation Security officers the benefits of other law enforcement offi-cers that are killed in the line of duty; and she plans to reintroduce that legis-lation, the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act, today. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
supporting this forthcoming legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.006 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5992 September 16, 2015 
so that the families of the men and 
women on the front lines of protecting our aviation sector are properly com-pensated if tragedy strikes. Mr. Speak-er, I urge support for the Senate amendment to H.R. 720. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ). 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. 
As the former chairman of the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security’s Sub-committee on Transportation Security, I introduced this bipartisan bill in the 113th Congress to improve the state of preparedness at our Nation’s airports in response to the shooting at Los An-geles International Airport in Novem-ber of 2013. 
I would like to thank Ranking Mem-
ber T
HOMPSON for working with me in a 
bipartisan way. We traveled together for the field hearing and toured the site. And I think the work that he does in a bipartisan way on this committee is a true testament to what the Amer-ican people expect us to do here, which is to work together and put the peo-ple’s business first. It was a pleasure working with the ranking member. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
M
CCAUL for his strong leadership of 
this committee. He also worked very closely with me on this legislation and traveled with us that day to Los Ange-les. So without his support, this would not have been possible. 
That event, which tragically took 
the life of Transportation Security Of-ficer Gerardo Hernandez and wounded three other people, served as an unfor-tunate wake-up call to the gaps in our security and the relative ease to which someone could wreak havoc on one of our Nation’s airports. 
After months and months of careful 
review and hard work, including the site visit I mentioned to LAX, the sub-committee found that while State, Federal, and local law enforcement’s response to the LAX shooting could be described as nothing but heroic and was swiftly executed, there was room for improvement in the coordinated re-sponse and communications in the crit-ical moments after the major security incident. That is where this important, bipartisan bill stems from. 
And I know, as chairman of the sub-
committee, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) has taken our work 
from the last Congress and has built upon it. He has done the hard work to make sure that it reached the finish line. I take my hat off to Chairman K
ATKO for showing great leadership and 
the kind of fortitude and determina-tion necessary to advance this legisla-tion, to finally get it to the Senate, and to have the President sign it into law. 
Serving as chairman of the House 
committee that oversees transpor-tation security is no easy task, but it is one that the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. K
ATKO ) has excelled at. He is 
not afraid to ask tough questions. He 
holds folks accountable, and he has worked diligently to improve aviation security in this Nation. 
The bottom line is, while TSA has 
taken positive measures to update the emergency response protocols since the LAX incident, this bill will help to so-lidify these changes and ensure our air-ports are fully prepared to respond to future security incidents and potential acts of terrorism. This bill will provide for more extensive collaboration and coordination between airports, law en-forcement, first responders, and TSA, which will result in safer airports across the country. It is a necessary step towards countering the threats facing our Nation’s airports without placing an undue burden on airport op-erators, law enforcement, and the tax-payers. 
The shooting at LAX was a tragedy 
that will never be forgotten by those affected and those of us who are com-mitted to protecting the traveling pub-lic. 
My thoughts today and my prayers 
continue to be with the family of Offi-cer Hernandez. I hope that they are watching today, and I hope they are proud of the work of this Congress. 
I want to thank, again, Chairman 
K
ATKO for his work to keep the trav-
eling public safe, and I applaud him for stepping up on such an important issue and ensuring this bill reaches the President’s desk. 
I urge my colleagues to honor the 
memory of Transportation Security Of-ficer Hernandez and to support this leg-islation. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank Subcommittee Chairman K
ATKO  
and Ranking Member R ICEfor their ef-
forts on this legislation. 
Through our votes today, we are hon-
oring the life of Officer Hernandez and ensuring that Transportation Security officers, airport workers, and members of the flying public are more safe and secure. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I once again 
urge my colleagues to support the Sen-ate amendment to this bill as well as the Honoring Our Fallen TSA Officers Act. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 720. The tragic event that unfolded at LAX in November of 2013 was a stark reminder that much remains to be done in secur-ing America’s transit hubs, particu-larly the nonsterile or nonsecure areas of airports that are, in many ways, just like open shopping malls. Because of this reality, we must react to ensure that airport communities are prepared to respond swiftly to any major secu-
rity incidents that threaten the safety of the traveling public. 
In remembrance of TSA Officer Her-
nandez, I urge my colleagues to pass this important legislation. Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I do want 
to recognize and echo the sentiments of my colleague, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ) with re-
spect to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ): He set a tone 
of bipartisanship in the committee; and because of that, in the Committee on Homeland Security, itself, as well as the subcommittee, much good work is being done and many bills are being passed. So I appreciate and acknowl-edge the bipartisanship because it is important. It is an art that all too often gets lost in this Congress, and we are doing well with it in our com-mittee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, as Chairman of 
the Committee on Homeland Security, it is with great pride that I rise in support of H.R. 720, the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015. The passage of this bipartisan legislation demonstrates the importance with which the Committee on Homeland Security considers the security of our nation’s airports and transit hubs. Moreover, this legislation shows Congress’ dedication to the men and women of the TSA, who work diligently each day to keep the American people safe. 
In order to mitigate threats from those with 
malicious intent seeking to wreak havoc on our critical transportation systems, we must stand together. Our law enforcement and first responder community must communicate, col-laborate and coordinate, so they are better prepared to execute emergency plans in re-sponse to all types of security incidents. I be-lieve the passage of this bill creates a road-map that will provide our first responders and TSA with the proper level of coordination to respond to incidents like the senseless shoot-ing that took place at Los Angeles Inter-national Airport on November 1, 2013. 
After the shooting, I travelled with other 
Members of the Committee, including Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , to Los Angeles to meet 
with first responders, TSA officials, airport per-sonnel, as well as the injured Transportation Security Officers who bravely put themselves in harm’s way to help an elderly passenger. I also had the somber opportunity to meet with the widow of Officer Hernandez, before hold-ing a field hearing to examine what could be done to mitigate such tragedies in the future. Today, I am proud to see this Committee’s ef-forts set to cross the finish line, and I hope that the wife of Officer Hernandez can find some solace in the passage of this legislation, which bears her husband’s name. 
The legislation will direct TSA to conduct 
necessary outreach to airports and transit hubs across the United States to ensure that there are adequate security incident response and communications plans in place. Moreover, H.R. 720 establishes TSA as a clearinghouse of best-practices for transportation sector pre-paredness and incident response, which will streamline the proliferation of information and communication across transportation systems in the United States. This bill also looks for ways to overcome interoperable communica-tions challenges and increase funding for air-port law enforcement, while also ensuring that airport personnel are equipped with training on how to response to active shooters and other security incidents, such as terrorism. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.015 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5993 September 16, 2015 
It is my pleasure to commend the Chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Transportation Secu-rity, Mr. K
ATKO and former Chairman of the 
Subcommittee, Mr. H UDSON , for their efforts in 
addressing this issue, as well as, working to foster bipartisan cooperation. I also wish to commend the bipartisan efforts of both the Ranking Member of the Full Committee, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and the Ranking Member of the 
Subcommittee, Ms. R ICE, whose support of 
this legislation is greatly appreciated. Addition-ally, I would like to thank the other bipartisan cosponsors of this legislation, as well as Chairman T
HUNE and our Senate colleagues 
for moving this important bill through the Sen-ate. I urge my colleagues to support the final passage of H.R. 720 and strengthen the secu-rity of U.S. transportation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 720, The Gerardo Her-nandez Airport Security Act of 2015, which im-proves intergovernmental planning and com-munication during security incidents at domes-tic airports. 
As a former chair and ranking member of 
the Homeland Security Committee Transpor-tation Security Subcommittee, I understand how important this bill will be in enhancing safety and protection in the air transit industry, not just for our citizens but for our Transpor-tation Security Officers working in the line of duty. 
This legislation, which requires the Trans-
portation Security Administration (TSA) to de-vote more resources for planning and commu-nication during and in case of threats or emer-gencies, is prompted by the tragic death of Gerardo I. Hernandez, a Transportation Secu-
rity Officer who was killed in the line of duty at Los Angeles International Airport on No-vember 1, 2013. 
In a senseless act of violence, the love and 
care TSA Officer Gerardo Ismael Hernandez gave to his wife, Ana Machuca, his 14-year- old son and 12-year-old daughter, and the community he served, ended entirely too soon. 
Mr. Speaker, Gerardo Hernandez was what 
we want in an American, he is in spirit and deed the type of person we want in our Trans-portation Security Officers (TSOs). 
At just 39 years old, Gerardo Hernandez 
was the first TSA officer to lose his life in the line of duty in the 12-year history of the agen-cy. 
He died from several gunshot wounds in-
flicted by an assailant while on duty at the Los Angeles International Airport. 
Gerardo Hernandez was among those thou-
sands of TSA employees carrying out their mission to keep the airways safe for traveling citizens, and their work across the nation can-not be understated. 
On average, TSA officers screen 1.7 million 
air passengers at more than 450 airports across the nation, which averaged over 637.5 million passengers in 2012. 
In 2014, the TSA screened more than 653 
million passengers, or nearly 1.8 million per-sons per day. 
The Bush International and the William P. 
Hobby Airports that serve the Houston metro-politan area are essential hubs for domestic and international air travel for Houston and the region: 
Nearly 40 million passengers traveled 
through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an additional 10 million traveled through Wil-liam P. Hobby (HOU). More than 650 daily departures occur at 
IAH. 
IAH is the 11th busiest airport in the U.S. for 
total passenger traffic. 
IAH has 12 all-cargo airlines handling more 
than 419,205 metric tons of cargo in 2012. 
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) es-
timates the implementation of H.R. 720 would cost about $2.5 million in 2015. Of the $2.5 million, an estimated $1.5 million would serve to provide additional technical assistance to airports, and the remaining $1 million would be used to evaluate the interoperability of communication systems used by emergency response teams. 
Mr. Speaker, this month marked the 14th 
anniversary of the tragedy of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. 
We will never forget how that day changed 
our lives, and the lives of every American gen-eration to follow. 
Security measures in airports across the 
country have been enhanced dramatically, and the resulting inconvenience is a small price to pay for the protective measures needed to keep the travelling public safe. 
It is people like Gerardo Hernandez who do 
their best to make the necessary screening as least intrusive and burdensome as possible, consistent with the mission of ensuring the se-curity of all members of the flying public. 
TSA officers willingly risk their lives to make 
sure the job gets done, and for that we owe these men and women a debt of gratitude. 
In honor of Gerardo Hernandez’s contribu-
tion to his country, I strongly support this bill and urge all my colleagues to join me in voting for its passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 720. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MIAMI TRIBE OF OKLAHOMA LAND 
LEASE OR TRANSFER 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 487) to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer cer-tain lands. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 487 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPROVAL NOT REQUIRED TO VALI-
DATE LAND TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, without further ap-proval, ratification, or authorization by the United States, the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma may lease, sell, convey, warrant, or other-wise transfer all or any part of its interests in any real property that is not held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe. 
(b) T
RUST LAND NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing 
in this section shall— 
(1) authorize the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma 
to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of an interest in any 
real property that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe; or 
(2) affect the operation of any law gov-
erning leasing, selling, conveying, war-ranting, or otherwise transferring any inter-est in such trust land. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on the bill under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 487 is a non-
controversial, one-page bill that would exempt lands held in fee by the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma from the limita-tions imposed by the Indian Noninter-course Act. According to the tribe, these limitations may hinder economic development. 
Specifically, H.R. 487 would allow the 
tribe to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or transfer all or any portion of interest in any real property not held in trust for the tribe. The bill also states that the legislation does not authorize the tribe to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any portion of any interest in any real property that is held in trust. 
In accordance with the expressed 
wishes of the tribe’s leadership, Con-gressman M
ARKWAYNE MULLIN , who 
represents the tribe in the House, spon-sored H.R. 487. The Department of the Interior supports this bill, which passed the Natural Resources Com-
mittee by unanimous consent earlier this year. 
I commend my colleague from Okla-
homa for his hard work, and I urge my colleagues to pass the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 487 will allow the Miami Tribe 
of Oklahoma to effectively manage their nontrust lands by providing relief from the Indian Nonintercourse Act. The Indian Nonintercourse Act was in-tended to protect Indian tribes by pre-venting the loss of their lands, except by treaty. Historically, the act has generally not interfered with the tribe’s ability to buy, sell, or lease land that it owns in fee simple. 
b1530 
But uncertainties raised by the act 
can be a hindrance when securing pur-chase agreements from outside parties. 
Therefore, relief from the act is at 
times necessary for a tribe to success-fully manage their lands and to sell fee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.014 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5994 September 16, 2015 
parcels that are determined to be in ex-
cess of the tribe’s needs or were pur-chased for investment purposes. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 487 would simply 
allow the Miami Tribe to convey all the land that the tribe holds in fee sim-ple without further Federal approval to facilitate those future transactions. I agree with the goals of this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. M
ULLIN ), the author of this 
measure. 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, thank 
you for allowing us to bring this to the floor. This is one of those common-sense bills that, unfortunately, re-quires Congress to act. Several tribes before us have obtained legislation like this from Congress to authorize them to sell or mortgage specific lands. The lands we are talking about are lands that aren’t needed anymore; it is out-side of the trust. But in order for the tribes such as the Miami and other tribes that are out there to effectively manage their lands, Congress is re-quired to act. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chairmen B
ISHOP and Y OUNG for ad-
vancing this legislation, and I urge support for the passage of H.R. 487. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank Mr. M
ULLIN for his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge all 
Members to support H.R. 487, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I, 
too, would urge adoption of the meas-ure, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 487. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MEDGAR EVERS HOUSE STUDY 
ACT 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 959) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 959 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medgar 
Evers House Study Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior 
shall conduct a special resource study of the home of the late civil rights activist Medgar 
Evers, located at 2332 Margaret Walker Alex-ander Drive in Jackson, Mississippi. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) evaluate the national significance of 
the site; 
(2) determine the suitability and feasi-
bility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; 
(3) consider other alternatives for preserva-
tion, protection, and interpretation of the site by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organiza-tions; 
(4) consult with interested Federal, State, 
or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations or any other inter-ested individuals; 
(5) determine the effect of the designation 
of the site as a unit of the National Park System on existing commercial and rec-reational uses, and the effect on State and local governments to manage those activi-ties; 
(6) identify any authorities, including con-
demnation, that will compel or permit the Secretary to influence or participate in local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restrictions on non-Federal land if the site is designated a unit of the National Park Sys-tem; and 
(7) identify cost estimates for any Federal 
acquisition, development, interpretation, op-eration, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. 
(c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The study required 
under subsection (a) shall be conducted in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. 
(d) S
TUDY RESULTS .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the re-sults of the study and any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 959 authorizes a 
special resource study to be conducted by the Department of the Interior on the home of the late civil rights activ-ist Medgar Evers. This bill requires the Secretary to determine the national significance of the home and the feasi-bility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park Service. 
The National Park Service does not 
have any objections to this bill, and it was reported out of the Natural Re-sources Committee by unanimous con-sent. Once results of the study are 
available, Congress would have to act to create any new unit of the National Park system. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, 52 years ago, on June 12, 
1963, Medgar Evers, a native Mississip-pian and the first field officer in that State for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, which we have come to know as the NAACP, was shot in the driveway of his home in Jackson, Mississippi. This horrific event occurred hours after President Kennedy made a televised speech in support of civil rights. This was a critical moment in the modern civil rights movement as it moved to-wards the seminal March on Wash-ington for Jobs and Freedom. 
Evers was a World War II veteran, 
fighting in the Battle of Normandy. He returned home to find his path to the voting booth literally blocked at gun-point. He personally fought to inte-grate the University of Mississippi Law School and was integral in assisting James Meredith successfully enroll as an undergraduate. 
Evers was an activist, an organizer, a 
loving father, a husband, and, finally, a martyr. He is a true American hero whose time came too soon, yet his name and what he stood for continues to inspire so many. It is time that his service and loss be properly recognized by our Nation. 
H.R. 959, the Medgar Evers House 
Study Act, would authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of the Medgar Evers House in Jackson, Mississippi, for po-tential inclusion in the National Park system. We estimate that this study will cost approximately $200,000 to $300,000. Funding for this proposed study would need to be allocated from the set amount of funding that Con-gress appropriates for all special re-source studies. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my 
friend and colleague, Congressman B
ENNIE THOMPSON of Mississippi, for his 
very hard work on this legislation and for his leadership on this critical issue. The Medgar Evers House is a piece of American history that must be pre-served, which is why this legislation is so important. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the adoption of H.R. 959. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for yielding me the nec-essary time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge our 
colleagues to support H.R. 959, the Medgar Evers House Study Act. 
Medgar Wiley Evers was born in the 
small town of Decatur, Mississippi, in 1925. Medgar would go on to serve in our country’s Army in France and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.019 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5995 September 16, 2015 
Germany during World War II. After 
his military service, Medgar attended Alcorn State University, where he would meet his future wife, Myrlie. 
After graduating from Alcorn, 
Medgar devoted his life to seeking jus-tice and equality for all Americans. As field secretary for the NAACP in Mis-sissippi, Mr. Evers led successful voter registration efforts throughout the State. He applied for admission to the University of Mississippi Law School in an unsuccessful effort to desegregate the university. Medgar also coura-geously led investigations into the death of Emmett Till and publicly sup-ported Clyde Kennard after his impris-onment on erroneous charges stem-ming from his efforts to integrate the University of Southern Mississippi. 
On June 12, 1963, as he returned home 
from a NAACP planning meeting, Medgar was shot in the back in the driveway of his home while his family was inside the house. He died at a local hospital less than an hour later. One week after his death, he was buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery. 
Today, the Medgar Evers House has 
been preserved as a museum by Tougaloo College. The home has been refurbished to appear as it did at the time of Evers’ death. The home con-tains an exhibit regarding Evers’ fam-ily, career, death, and his legacy. The home has hosted scores of visitors in-cluding many Members of Congress who participated in the Faith & Poli-tics pilgrimages throughout the South. 
My bill, H.R. 959, the Medgar Evers 
House Study Act, authorizes a special resource study by the Secretary of the Interior on the home in which his fam-ily lived and Medgar Evers was assas-sinated located at 2332 Margaret Walk-er Alexander Drive in Jackson, Mis-sissippi. The study will determine the national significance of the Evers home and determine the feasibility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park system. 
Mr. Speaker, Medgar Evers was a 
civil rights giant. He dedicated his life to bringing down the pillars that main-tained Jim Crow in Mississippi. The he-roic life he lived and the remarkable legacy that he left are unquestioned. Today’s bill will further cement the role that he played in advancing civil and human rights in our Nation. With that, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 959. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, in clos-
ing, I urge all Members to support H.R. 959. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, 
Medgar Evers was a patriot and a civil rights leader who gave his life to real-ize the full promise of the American Declaration of Independence. His mem-ory is vivid and revered by every Amer-ican of goodwill who lived through those momentous years. It is for us 
now to preserve his memory for the many generations of Americans to fol-low who will have to look to history to know him. This bill is a step toward recognizing 
the enormous debt our Nation owes him and to ensure that future genera-tions can draw inspiration from his leadership, his patriotism, his courage, and his sacrifice that he made in the cause of freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 959, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST SMALL 
TRACTS ACT AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1214) to amend the Small Tracts Act to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small parcels of National Forest System land to enhance the management of the National Forest System, to resolve minor encroach-ments, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1214 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY FOR SALE OR 
EXCHANGE OF SMALL PARCELS OF NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND. 
(a) I NCREASE IN MAXIMUM VALUE OF SMALL  
PARCELS .—Section 3 of Public Law 97–465 
(commonly known as the Small Tracts Act; 16 U.S.C. 521e) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘$150,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL CONVEYANCE PURPOSES .— 
Section 3 of Public Law 97–465 (16 U.S.C. 521e) is further amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘which are—’’ and inserting ‘‘which involve any one of the following:’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘parcels’’ and inserting 
‘‘Parcels’’; and 
(B) by striking the semicolon at the end 
and inserting a period; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘parcels’’ the first place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘Parcels’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and insert-
ing a period; 
(4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘road’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Road’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) Parcels of 40 acres or less which are 
determined by the Secretary to be physically isolated, to be inaccessible, or to have lost their National Forest character. 
‘‘(5) Parcels of 10 acres or less which are 
not eligible for conveyance under paragraph (2), but which are encroached upon by perma-
nent habitable improvements for which there is no evidence that the encroachment was in-tentional or negligent. 
‘‘(6) Parcels used as a cemetery, a landfill, 
or a sewage treatment plant under a special use authorization issued by the Secretary. In the case of a cemetery expected to reach ca-pacity within 10 years, the sale, exchange, or interchange may include, in the sole discre-tion of the Secretary, up to one additional acre abutting the permit area to facilitate expansion of the cemetery.’’. 
(c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Section 2 of 
Public Law 97–465 (16 U.S.C. 521d) is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary is author-
ized’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY ; C ONSIDER -
ATION .—The Secretary is authorized’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall in-
sert’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) I NCLUSION OF TERMS , COVENANTS , CON-
DITIONS , AND RESERVATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall insert’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘convenants’’ and inserting 
‘‘covenants’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(c) D ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSIT IN SISK FUND .—The net pro-
ceeds derived from any sale or exchange con-ducted under the authority of paragraph (4), (5), or (6) of section 3 shall be deposited in the fund established by Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the Sisk Act; 16 U.S.C. 484a). 
‘‘(2) U
SE.—Amounts deposited under para-
graph (1) shall be available to the Secretary until expended for— 
‘‘(A) the acquisition of land or interests in 
land for administrative sites for the National Forest System in the State from which the amounts were derived; 
‘‘(B) the acquisition of land or interests in 
land for inclusion in the National Forest System in that State, including land or in-terests in land which enhance opportunities for recreational access; 
‘‘(C) the performance of deferred mainte-
nance on administrative sites for the Na-tional Forest System in that State or other deferred maintenance activities in that State which enhance opportunities for rec-reational access; or 
‘‘(D) the reimbursement of the Secretary 
for costs incurred in preparing a sale con-ducted under the authority of section 3 if the sale is a competitive sale.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. I yield myself 
such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1214 would amend 
the Small Tracts Act to allow for the sale of small, isolated, federally owned parcels outside of the main body of a national forest as well as parcels en-cumbered with certain special uses such as cemeteries. The management 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.021 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5996 September 16, 2015 
of these isolated and encumbered par-
cels takes considerable resources away from the core mission of the Forest Service. Proceeds from the sale of these parcels would be deposited into a Sisk Act fund and may be used for de-ferred maintenance, acquisition of lands for administrative sites or rec-reational access, or to reimburse the Forest Service for administrative costs in preparing the sales. 
The U.S. Forest Service has a chal-
lenging mission. Enabling it to develop a more manageable land base is simply good government, which is why this bill has such broad-based support. 
I also want to thank Chairman C
ON-
AWAY of the Agriculture Committee for 
his assistance in expediting this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , 
Washington, DC, June 5, 2015. 
Hon. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 30, 2015, the 
Committee on Natural Resources ordered re-ported without amendment H.R. 1214, the Na-tional Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015, by unanimous consent. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Natural Resources, with an additional refer-ral to the Committee on Agriculture. 
I ask that you allow the Committee on Ag-
riculture to be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill so that it may be sched-uled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, should a conference oh the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Agriculture rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding. 
Thank you for your consideration of my 
request, and for your continued strong co-operation between our committees. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, June 5, 2015. 
Hon. R OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 1214, the National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments Act of 2015. It is my understanding that, on April 30, 2015, the Committee on Natural Resources ordered the bill reported without amendment and by unanimous consent. 
This legislation contains provisions within 
the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X ju-risdiction. As a result of your having con-sulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual undemanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction 
of the Committee on Agriculture with re-spect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this 
letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1214 amends the 
Small Tracts Act to provide the Forest Service with more flexibility to sell or exchange small parcels of national for-est land. This increased flexibility will allow the Forest Service to identify op-portunities where the sale or exchange of small parcels of land will increase efficiency and improve the overall in-tegrity and health of our national for-ests. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. 
A
MODEI , the sponsor of this legislation, 
for working with the Forest Service to update this bill so that it could be sup-ported by both sides of the aisle. 
Mr. Speaker, I support adoption of 
H.R. 1214. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ), my good friend and Nevada 
neighbor, the author of this bill. 
Mr. AMODEI. Thank you, Mr. Chair-
man, and thank you Madam Ranking Member. I also want to thank the chairman of the full committee as well as my cosponsors in this measure: Mr. P
OLIS from Colorado, Mr. S HIMKUS  
from Illinois, and Mr. J ONES from 
North Carolina. 
So as not to risk snatching defeat 
from the jaws of victory, I will be brief. I would like to say that this was my idea and it is a wonderful thing, but this represents taking care of business that has been knocking around for probably a decade or more as far as the Forest Service is concerned. We are not moving the frontier into national for-ests; we are simply giving them the ability to administratively dispose of those lands that have become not at-tached to the national forest and have no management or land use character-istics with respect to the managing of a national forest. 
b1545 
The other thing I want to point out is 
that it will allow them the ability to dispose of well into six figures’ worth of acres, potentially, over the next few years, much more than last year, which was almost nothing. 
The most interesting thing is that 
the resources generated by this will stay with the Forest Service for use under their various charges as opposed to disappearing into that sometimes black hole in space, referred to as the ‘‘United States Treasury.’’ 
I urge nationwide bipartisan support. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, in clos-
ing, I urge all Members to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I, 
too, would urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1214, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC 
SITE EXPANSION ACT 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1289) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to acquire ap-proximately 44 acres of land in Mar-tinez, California, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1289 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John Muir Na-
tional Historic Site Expansion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE 
LAND ACQUISITION. 
(a) A CQUISITION .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior may acquire by donation the approximately 44 acres of land, and interests in such land, that are identified on the map entitled ‘‘John Muir National Historic Site Proposed Boundary Ex-pansion’’, numbered 426/127150, and dated No-vember, 2014. 
(b) B
OUNDARY .—Upon the acquisition of the 
land authorized by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior shall adjust the boundaries of the John Muir Historic Site in Martinez, California, to include the land identified on the map re-ferred to in subsection (a). 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The land and interests 
in land acquired under subsection (a) shall be administered as part of the John Muir National Historic Site established by the Act of August 31, 1964 (Public Law 88–547; 78 Stat. 753; 16 U.S.C. 461 note). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.023 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5997 September 16, 2015 
H.R. 1289 would expand the John 
Muir National Historic Site by approxi-mately 44 acres. This expansion may only occur by donation of the land. 
Located in the San Francisco Bay 
Area, in Martinez, California, this site preserves the 14-room Italianate Vic-torian mansion where John Muir lived, as well as a 325-acre tract of native oak woodlands and grasslands owned by the Muir family. 
The additional proposed acreage in 
this bill is directly adjacent to the cur-rent site and will allow for better pub-lic access to trails in the area. This acreage has been donated to the Na-tional Park Service and will not be ac-quired with any Federal dollars. 
This bill passed out of committee by 
unanimous consent, and a previous version passed the House during the 113th Congress. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1289 will authorize the National 
Park Service to expand the boundary of the John Muir National Historic Site and acquire, by donation, 44 acres of land from the Muir Heritage Land Trust. The donation will expand the site and help carry on Muir’s impor-tant legacy of conservation and envi-ronmental stewardship. 
John Muir is one of our Nation’s 
most respected and revered ecologists. His writings have inspired millions, and his activism and advocacy led to the establishment of some of our first and most iconic national parks. 
From the moment he set foot in Yo-
semite Valley, John Muir was con-sumed with its natural wonder and beauty. He became Yosemite’s most vocal champion, but he didn’t spend his whole life there. 
From 1890 until his death in 1914, 
Muir lived on a farm not far from San Francisco. It was from this corner of the Bay Area that Muir cofounded the Sierra Club and helped lay the ground-work for a century of conservation. 
Muir’s tireless advocacy led to the 
creation of the Yosemite and Sequoia National Parks, and his spirit and en-during legacy led to the protection of much more. 
Since he is known by some as the fa-
ther of our national parks, I know he would be proud of all of our national parks today, especially as we are ap-proaching the 100th anniversary of the National Park System. 
My home State of Michigan has sev-
eral beautiful national parks, including the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore, Isle Royale, and the River Raisin National Battlefield. 
The passage of H.R. 1289 will con-
tribute to John Muir’s legacy, and it will help to protect and conserve the place where he found solace and inspi-ration in his later years. 
I want to thank the bill’s sponsor, 
my good friend Representative M
ARK 
DESAULNIER from California, for his 
leadership. I urge the swift passage of this legis-
lation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her kind comments. 
What a pleasure it is to be here on 
the House floor to continue to honor and respect a great American and a great Californian, his adopted State. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support 
of H.R. 1289, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. 
This bipartisan legislation will ex-
pand the Martinez, California, historic site in my district as it celebrates the life and legacy of John Muir. 
Muir was a lifelong conservationist 
and leading advocate of the National Park Service and a cofounder of the Si-erra Club. He worked to establish and protect national parks, including Yo-semite, Sequoia, the Grand Canyon, and Mt. Rainier. 
The John Muir National Historic 
Site, which includes the home where he lived, covers 330 acres in Contra Costa County, where Muir championed the revolutionary idea that wild spaces should be set aside for all Americans to enjoy. 
This bill would add 44 acres of do-
nated land from a nonprofit trust, im-proving access to the park and its sce-nic trails, including those on Mount Wanda, named after Muir’s eldest daughter. 
The trail systems are accessible for 
hikers and bikers, including critical connections to the 550-mile Bay Area Ridge Trail. 
As Muir once said: Every American needs beauty as well 
as bread, places to live in . . . where nature may heal and cheer and give enough strength to body and soul alike. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my predecessor, 
Congressman George Miller, who has been a champion of this bill and who introduced it in an earlier session. 
I would also like to thank Natural 
Resources Committee Chairman B
ISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , as 
well as Subcommittee Chairman M
CCLINTOCK and Ranking Member 
TSONGAS , for their leadership in bring-
ing H.R. 1289 to the floor today. 
I am also grateful for the support of 
31 of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who cosponsored the bill as well as Senators B
OXER and F EINSTEIN  
for sponsoring this legislation in the Senate. 
I would also like to thank the John 
Muir Land Trust for its hard work and dedication to preserving and protecting this valuable parkland and shoreline in the Bay Area for future generations. 
As our Nation prepares to celebrate 
the centennial of the National Park Service, this legislation will help pre-serve the trails and lands that sur-
round the long-time home of the man known as the father of the National Park Service. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this bipartisan legislation, the John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, in clos-
ing, I urge all Members to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, in 
conclusion, my district comprises the Sierra Nevada, and we are daily re-minded of the foresight of pioneers like John Muir who worked to set aside these natural assets for, in the words of the original Yosemite Charter, ‘‘the public’s use, resort, and recreation for all time.’’ 
Keeping their memory fresh is an im-
portant objective, and I urge the adop-tion of the legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1289, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ELKHORN RANCH AND WHITE 
RIVER NATIONAL FOREST CON-VEYANCE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1554) to require a land con-veyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1554 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Elkhorn 
Ranch and White River National Forest Con-veyance Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. LAND CONVEYANCE, ELKHORN RANCH 
AND WHITE RIVER NATIONAL FOR-EST, COLORADO. 
(a) L AND CONVEYANCE REQUIRED .—Con-
sistent with the purpose of the Act of March 3, 1909 (43 U.S.C. 772), all right, title, and in-terest of the United States (subject to sub-section (b)) in and to a parcel of land con-sisting of approximately 148 acres as gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Elk-horn Ranch Land Parcel–White River Na-tional Forest’’ and dated March 2015 shall be conveyed by patent to the Gordman-Leverich Partnership, a Colorado Limited Liability Partnership (in this section referred to as ‘‘GLP’’). 
(b) E
XISTING RIGHTS .—The conveyance 
under subsection (a)— 
(1) is subject to the valid existing rights of 
the lessee of Federal oil and gas lease COC– 75070 and any other valid existing rights; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.027 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5998 September 16, 2015 
(2) shall reserve to the United States the 
right to collect rent and royalty payments on the lease referred to in paragraph (1) for the duration of the lease. 
(c) E
XISTING BOUNDARIES .—The conveyance 
under subsection (a) does not modify the ex-terior boundary of the White River National Forest or the boundaries of Sections 18 and 19 of Township 7 South, Range 93 West, Sixth Principal Meridian, Colorado, as such bound-aries are in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(d) T
IME FOR CONVEYANCE ; PAYMENT OF  
COSTS.—The conveyance directed under sub-
section (a) shall be completed not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The conveyance shall be without consideration, except that all costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior relating to any survey, platting, legal description, or other activities carried out to prepare and issue the patent shall be paid by GLP to the Secretary prior to the land conveyance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
H.R. 1554, introduced by my friend 
Congressman S
COTT TIPTON of Colo-
rado, would require the U.S. Forest Service to convey by patent a small area of land near Rifle, Colorado, to its rightful owner. 
Conflicting surveys between Federal 
agencies resulted in the inclusion of this land in the White River National Forest even though it was originally patented in the early 20th century and was legally owned by private land-owners for decades. These landowners have paid property taxes on the acre-age and have used it for a variety of purposes, including agriculture and grazing. 
Earlier this year, the Forest Service 
testified that the bill would ‘‘resolve a longstanding title issue associated with the property’’ and has rec-ommended that the area be ‘‘confirmed in the successors in interest to the original patentees.’’ 
The bill is supported by Garfield 
County, Colorado, the city of Rifle, Colorado, and many others. 
Congressman T
IPTON has worked 
hard to correct this survey discrepancy and return this land to its rightful owner. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1554. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1554 will convey 148 acres of land 
to the Gordman-Leverich Partnership, a Colorado Limited Liability Partner-
ship, and remedy a land dispute be-tween a private landowner and the For-est Service. 
In 1947, an administrative error oc-
curred that shifted the boundary be-tween the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest. This sur-vey placed 148 acres of private land in-side the forest boundary without pro-viding consideration to the land-holders. 
Since then, the title to the ranch has 
changed hands several times, but the administrative error has not been cor-rected. This bill will correct the error and acknowledge the correct boundary of the Elkhorn Ranch, providing the current owner with a free and clear title. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Con-
gressman P
OLIS and Congressman T IP-
TON, for their good work on this legis-
lation. The Forest Service testified in support of this bill, and I urge its adop-tion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IP-
TON), my friend who has worked tire-
lessly to correct this administrative 
error. 
Mr. TIPTON. I thank the chairman 
and the ranking member for their sup-port on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1554 is a straight-
forward bill, which Congressman P
OLIS 
and I introduced, to reconfirm the pri-vate ownership of 140 acres of land in my congressional district. 
The lands concerned were patented 
into two private ownerships via the United States land patents issued in 1914 and 1917 and 1957, but their owner-ship has come into question by virtue of the 1949 government survey, which showed them to be national forest land rather than private land. 
Long-held U.S. law specifically states 
that a government resurvey cannot take away private property or private property rights. 
Mr. Speaker, the Forest Service and 
the private landowners of the Elkhorn Ranch only became aware of the poten-tial title issue in the early 2000s. Thereafter, the Forest Service con-ducted a lengthy and thorough review of the matter. 
Upon the completion of the review, 
both the supervisor and surveyor of the White River National Forest concluded that the ownership of the 140 acres should be confirmed in the successors in interest to the original patentees, namely the Elkhorn Ranch. 
In reaching this conclusion, the For-
est Service noted that the land has never been managed by the national forestland and, indeed, has been fenced and occupied with stock ponds to de-velop springs, roads, and other private improvements, and it has been used as private land for ranching and agri-culture for the better part of the past 100 years. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is a simple 
matter of fairness and equity to a pri-vate landowner to honor government 
land patents that were granted to the landowner’s predecessors 60 to 100 years ago. 
The bill is supported by both the sur-
veyor and the supervisor of the White River National Forest, the Garfield County Surveyor, the Garfield County Commissioners, the city of Rifle, Colo-rado Club 20, which represents 20 of Colorado’s counties, and Piceance En-ergy, which has the lease on part of the area. 
In addition, at our hearing on H.R. 
1554 in mid-June, the administration testified that this bill is a practical and workable way to address the long-standing title issue. 
b1600 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
all Members to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
join the gentlewoman in requesting the adoption of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1554. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL LIBERTY MEMORIAL 
CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1949) to provide for the con-sideration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Lib-erty Memorial approved for establish-ment in the District of Columbia, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1949 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN STANDARDS 
FOR COMMEMORATIVE WORKS IN ESTABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL LIB-ERTY MEMORIAL. 
Section 2860(c) of the Military Construc-
tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 40 U.S.C. 8903 note) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, ex-cept that, under subsections (a)(2) and (b) of section 8905, the Secretary of Agriculture, rather than the Secretary of the Interior or the Administrator of General Services, shall be responsible for the consideration of site and design proposals and the submission of such proposals on behalf of the sponsor to the Commission of Fine Arts and National Capital Planning Commission.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.010 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5999 September 16, 2015 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1949 would transfer 
the responsibilities regarding the con-struction of the National Liberty Me-morial that honors the slaves and freemen of African descent who fought during the American Revolution to the Secretary of Agriculture. 
The proposed site for the memorial is 
on Department of Agriculture land, so this change makes sense. Under cur-rent law, either the Secretary of the Interior or the General Services Ad-ministrator would otherwise be respon-sible. 
As a cosponsor of this bill, which 
passed out of committee by unanimous consent, I would urge my colleagues to vote favorably for its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, Public Law 112–239 au-
thorized the establishment of a fund to create the National Liberty Memorial, dedicated to the honor and sacrifice of more than 5,000 enslaved and free Black people who served as sailors, soldiers, or provided civilian assistance during the Revolutionary War. This is a long overdue memorial, which recognizes the early military role Black people played in securing our Nation’s free-dom. 
In June 2014, the General Services 
Administration identified a location for the memorial at 14th and Independ-ence Avenue, Southwest, here in Wash-ington, D.C. The approved site is on the grounds of the Department of Agri-culture campus. 
In the interest of eliminating unnec-
essary bureaucracy through overlap-ping jurisdiction, H.R. 1949 would make the Department of Agriculture respon-sible for the consideration of the site and design proposals, doing so on be-half of the Commission of Fine Arts and National Capital Planning Com-mission. This responsibility would be transferred from the GSA or the De-partment of the Interior, as it was originally written. 
I want to thank my good friend and 
colleague, the chairman of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, Congressman B
UTTERFIELD of North Carolina, for his 
years of hard work and leadership in establishing the National Liberty Me-morial. We are all looking forward to seeing it open sometime in the future, 
and it will be a fitting tribute to those who sacrificed so much to create this great Nation of ours. 
I ask all of my colleagues to support 
H.R. 1949, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am 
ready to close when the gentlewoman concludes, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UTTERFIELD ). 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Congresswoman D INGELL for 
yielding time. I thank her for those kind words a moment ago and thank her for her leadership here in the Con-gress. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of my bill, H.R. 1949, the National Lib-erty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015. I was joined by my colleague, Con-gressman T
OMMCCLINTOCK from Cali-
fornia, who serves as chairman of the Committee on Natural Resources Sub-committee on Federal Lands. 
I am grateful for Chairman M
CCLIN-
TOCK ’s early and sustained support for 
this bill and appreciate his moving it expeditiously to the floor for consider-ation. 
The National Liberty Memorial, 
which I have long supported, seeks to honor the more than 5,000 slaves and free persons of color or, as historians sometimes refer to them, free Negroes who fought for independence during the American Revolution. 
The memorial will ultimately be con-
structed near the National Mall in what is known as area one, pursuant to H.J. Res. 120, my resolution that was signed into law by President Obama last year. The preferred site location for the memorial is at the Department of Agriculture’s Whitten Building, where both the memorial’s private sponsor and the USDA want it to be ul-timately constructed. 
Under current law, governed by the 
Commemorative Works Act, the Gov-ernment Services Administration is charged with, among other things, site and design proposals and their submis-sion to the appropriate memorial plan-ning commissions. 
However, because the preferred site is 
physically located on property occu-pied by the Department of Agriculture, my bill will simply transfer site and design responsibilities to the Secretary of Agriculture. The memorial sponsor and the USDA both believe that the Secretary of Agriculture is in the best position to expeditiously move this im-portant memorial project forward. 
Doing so will allow the memorial 
sponsor and USDA to make progress on a design and construction plan. This simple change, Mr. Speaker, will elimi-nate duplication, better use scarce Fed-eral resources, and avoid unnecessary delay. 
Seeing this important and culturally 
significant memorial to fruition is of great importance to me. It is of great 
importance to the Congressional Black Caucus. It is important, certainly, to the constituents that I represent in North Carolina and descendants of the brave Revolutionary War soldiers who sacrificed so much on behalf of Amer-ican independence. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
signal their support for H.R. 1949 sim-ply by voting ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
all Members to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the 
National Liberty Memorial reminds us of a story of patriotism and sacrifice that won the independence of our coun-try and that set in motion what Lin-coln called ‘‘the last best hope of man-kind.’’ It is a story from the American Revolution that, to this day, has not been adequately acknowledged. 
I am pleased to commend Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD for his legislation, to 
have joined as a cosponsor of it, and to urge the House its speedy adoption. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of H.R. 1949, the National Liberty Memo-rial Clarification Act of 2015, which will help lay the final foundation for a National Liberty Memorial in Washington, D.C. 
Two-hundred and thirty-nine years ago our 
nation was inked into existence by Thomas Jefferson in defense of a simple idea: that all men were created equal, and are endowed with certain unalienable rights. Countless men and women stood up for that idea around the new nation—some volunteered to fight, but others served in their own way as civilians. We know so many of those patriots’ names by heart—George Washington, Benjamin Frank-lin, John Paul Jones, John Adams—and those we do not are remembered in their home-towns all across America. 
However, there are a number of patriots 
who are too often forgotten: the thousands of slaves and freed men and women who fought for our country and provided civilian assist-ance at our most vulnerable time. These men and women believed so fully in the ideas and principles of the American Revolution that they fought, died, and sacrificed even as their own rights were trampled. 
Their actions demonstrated patriotism in its 
absolute highest form. But there is no monu-ment to their sacrifice, no memorial for their descendants to honor, and no place for our nation to offer their collective thanks. 
The National Liberty Memorial Clarification 
Act of 2015 will finally pay the debt we owe to these brave patriots who helped breathe life into our new nation. After some 230 years, it is the least we can do. 
I would like to thank Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK for offering this important leg-
islation. I would also like to thank my former Judiciary staffer, Maurice Barboza, who has been fighting to honor the sacrifices of slaves and freed persons for decades. Their work is a credit to us all. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.034 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6000 September 16, 2015 
MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1949, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
WESTERN OREGON TRIBAL 
FAIRNESS ACT 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2791) to require that certain Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2791 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—COW CREEK UMPQUA LAND 
CONVEYANCE 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Definitions. Sec. 103. Conveyance. Sec. 104. Map and legal description. Sec. 105. Administration. Sec. 106. Land reclassification. 
TITLE II—COQUILLE FOREST FAIRNESS 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Amendments to Coquille Restora-
tion Act. 
TITLE III—OREGON COASTAL LANDS 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. Definitions. Sec. 303. Conveyance. Sec. 304. Map and legal description. Sec. 305. Administration. Sec. 306. Land reclassification. 
TITLE I—COW CREEK UMPQUA LAND 
CONVEYANCE 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cow Creek 
Umpqua Land Conveyance Act’’. 
SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
OUNCIL CREEK LAND .—The term ‘‘Coun-
cil Creek land’’ means the approximately 17,519 acres of land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Canyon Mountain Land Conveyance’’ and dated June 27, 2013. 
(2) T
RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the 
Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians. 
(3) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 103. CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, including rights-of-way, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Council Creek land, including any improvements located on the land, appur-tenances to the land, and minerals on or in the land, including oil and gas, shall be— (1) held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Tribe; and 
(2) part of the reservation of the Tribe. 
(b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall complete a survey of the bound-ary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
SEC. 104. MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal descrip-tion of the Council Creek land with— 
(1) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Natural Resources of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal 
description filed under subsection (a) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description. 
(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and 
legal description filed under subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the Office of the Secretary. 
SEC. 105. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless expressly provided 
in this title, nothing in this title affects any right or claim of the Tribe existing on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. 
(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
(1) E XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Fed-
eral law (including regulations) relating to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unproc-essed logs that are harvested from the Coun-cil Creek land. 
(2) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—Any 
real property taken into trust under section 103 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gaming activity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(c) F
OREST MANAGEMENT .—Any forest man-
agement activity that is carried out on the Council Creek land shall be managed in ac-cordance with all applicable Federal laws. 
SEC. 106. LAND RECLASSIFICATION. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF OREGON AND CALI-
FORNIA RAILROAD GRANT LAND.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Railroad grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Tribe under section 103. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF PUBLIC DOMAIN  
LAND.—Not later than 18 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Oregon that— 
(1) is approximately equal in acreage and 
condition as the Oregon and California Rail-road grant land identified under subsection (a); and 
(2) is located in the vicinity of the Oregon 
and California Railroad grant land. 
(c) M
APS.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
shall submit to Congress and publish in the Federal Register one or more maps depicting the land identified in subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) R
ECLASSIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—After providing an oppor-
tunity for public comment, the Secretary shall reclassify the land identified in sub-section (b) as Oregon and California Railroad grant land. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Act of August 28, 
1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), shall apply to land reclassified as Oregon and California Railroad grant land under paragraph (1). 
TITLE II—COQUILLE FOREST FAIRNESS 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Coquille 
Forest Fairness Act’’. SEC. 202. AMENDMENTS TO COQUILLE RESTORA-
TION ACT. 
Section 5(d) of the Coquille Restoration 
Act (25 U.S.C. 715c(d)) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) M ANAGEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary, acting through the As-sistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, shall manage the Coquille Forest in accordance with the laws pertaining to the management of Indian trust land. 
‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(i) U NPROCESSED LOGS .—Unprocessed logs 
harvested from the Coquille Forest shall be subject to the same Federal statutory re-strictions on export to foreign nations that apply to unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land. 
‘‘(ii) S
ALES OF TIMBER .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, all sales of tim-ber from land subject to this subsection shall be advertised, offered, and awarded accord-ing to competitive bidding practices, with sales being awarded to the highest respon-sible bidder.’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (9); and (3) by redesignating paragraphs (10) 
through (12) as paragraphs (9) through (11), respectively. 
TITLE III—OREGON COASTAL LANDS 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon 
Coastal Lands Act’’. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) C
ONFEDERATED TRIBES .—The term ‘‘Con-
federated Tribes’’ means the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians. 
(2) O
REGON COASTAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Or-
egon Coastal land’’ means the approximately 14,408 acres of land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Oregon Coastal Land Con-veyance’’ and dated March 27, 2013. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 303. CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, including rights-of-way, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Oregon Coastal land, including any improvements located on the land, ap-purtenances to the land, and minerals on or in the land, including oil and gas, shall be— 
(1) held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Confederated Tribes; and 
(2) part of the reservation of the Confed-
erated Tribes. 
(b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall complete a survey of the bound-ary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
SEC. 304. MAP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and legal descrip-tion of the Oregon Coastal land with— 
(1) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Natural Resources of 
the House of Representatives. 
(b) F
ORCE AND EFFECT .—The map and legal 
description filed under subsection (a) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this title, except that the Secretary may correct any clerical or typographical errors in the map or legal description. 
(c) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The map and 
legal description filed under subsection (a) shall be on file and available for public in-spection in the Office of the Secretary. 
SEC. 305. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless expressly provided 
in this title, nothing in this title affects any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.035 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6001 September 16, 2015 
right or claim of the Confederated Tribes ex-
isting on the date of enactment of this Act to any land or interest in land. 
(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
(1) E XPORTS OF UNPROCESSED LOGS .—Fed-
eral law (including regulations) relating to the export of unprocessed logs harvested from Federal land shall apply to any unproc-
essed logs that are harvested from the Or-egon Coastal land taken into trust under sec-tion 303. 
(2) N
ON-PERMISSIBLE USE OF LAND .—Any 
real property taken into trust under section 303 shall not be eligible, or used, for any gaming activity carried out under Public Law 100–497 (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.). 
(c) L
AWS APPLICABLE TO COMMERCIAL FOR-
ESTRY ACTIVITY .—Any commercial forestry 
activity that is carried out on the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 303 shall be managed in accordance with all applicable Federal laws. 
(d) A
GREEMENTS .—The Confederated Tribes 
shall consult with the Secretary and other parties as necessary to develop agreements to provide for access to the Oregon Coastal land taken into trust under section 303 that provide for— 
(1) honoring existing reciprocal right-of- 
way agreements; 
(2) administrative access by the Bureau of 
Land Management; and 
(3) management of the Oregon Coastal 
lands that are acquired or developed under chapter 2003 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965’’), consistent with section 200305(f)(3) of that title. 
(e) L
AND USEPLANNING REQUIREMENTS .— 
Except as provided in subsection (c), once the Oregon Coastal land is taken into trust under section 303, the land shall not be sub-ject to the land use planning requirements of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) or the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.). 
SEC. 306. LAND RECLASSIFICATION. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF OREGON AND CALI-
FORNIA RAILROAD GRANT LAND.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary shall identify any Oregon and California Railroad grant land that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Confederated Tribes under section 303. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF PUBLIC DOMAIN  
LAND.—Not later than 18 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall identify public domain land in the State of Oregon that— 
(1) is approximately equal in acreage and 
condition as the Oregon and California Rail-road grant land identified under subsection (a); and 
(2) is located in the vicinity of the Oregon 
and California Railroad grant land. 
(c) M
APS.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and publish in the Federal Register one or more maps depicting the land identified in subsections (a) and (b). 
(d) R
ECLASSIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—After providing an oppor-
tunity for public comment, the Secretary shall reclassify the land identified in sub-section (b) as Oregon and California Railroad grant land. 
(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Act of August 28, 
1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a et seq.), shall apply to land reclassified as Oregon and California Railroad grant land under paragraph (1). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ac-
knowledge the gentlemen from Oregon, Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. W ALDEN , for their 
hard work on this important piece of legislation that will benefit several In-dian tribes in the State of Oregon. 
H.R. 2791 is a compilation of three 
stand-alone bills that were reported out of the Natural Resources Com-mittee and passed by the full House as part of larger measures during the 113th Congress. 
Since I have every confidence that 
Mr. D
EFAZIO will describe the bill in 
detail, I will, at this point, reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 2791 is the culmination of years 
of work to address the wrongs of the past. The ‘‘termination era’’ in Federal Indian policy is one of the darkest chapters in American history. In Or-egon, all but one of the tribes lost their Federal recognition. 
Fortunately, the Federal Govern-
ment eventually saw the error of their ways and restored the recognition of the tribes, but they were now left with nonexistent or inadequate land bases. 
H.R. 2791, the Western Oregon Tribal 
Fairness Act, will go a long way in helping reestablish long-promised land bases for the Oregon tribes, while also giving them the ability to effectively manage their land on their own terms. 
Like my colleague, I want to thank 
our colleagues from Oregon, Mr. D
EFA-
ZIOand Mr. W ALDEN , for listening to 
the needs of the Oregon tribal people and continuing to push for this bipar-tisan legislation. 
All the sections included in this bill 
passed the House by voice vote last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do the same now. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for both the kind words and for yielding the time here on the floor. I particularly want to thank the chairman of the Federal Lands Subcommittee and his words of sup-port, also, and I thank the committee for sending this bill to the floor. 
The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness 
Act is a bipartisan, no-cost, common-sense bill that will go a long way to-ward helping resolve some of the prob-
lems Federal Government and its hap-hazard policy shifts have created for three western Oregon tribes. The bill provides fairness for three tribes: the Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw; the Cow Creek; and the Coquille. 
The bill contains the text of provi-
sions within H.R. 5701, which passed unanimously last December, but was not enacted into law. 
For too long, Federal policies have 
unfairly disadvantaged Indian tribes in 
western Oregon. After signing many treaties with the tribes, the United States removed them from their origi-nal homelands and put them on only two reservations, established to house potentially more than 60 tribal govern-ments. 
In 1954, Congress made things worse. 
All tribes west of the Cascades lost Federal recognition when the Western Oregon Termination Act became law. Scholars called it the ‘‘termination era.’’ It was terrible Federal Indian policy. It was so bad that it was for-mally rebuked by Congress less than 30 years later. 
In the 1970s, Congress began the proc-
ess of restoring the western Oregon tribes to Federal recognition, cleaning up the mess and injustice the United States had made. 
In fact, I began my congressional ca-
reer as an original sponsor of the Coquille Restoration Act, legislation to restore one of Oregon’s terminated tribes; yet, even today, it remains dif-ficult for these tribes to function as the sovereign nations they are and to govern themselves effectively. Unlike many tribes, the Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw, as well as the Cow Creek, are deprived of any land held in trust. 
Unlike any other tribe in the United 
States, the Coquille Indian Tribe must function under a legal anomaly with regard to its own forest. 
The Western Oregon Tribal Fairness 
Act makes good on a decades-old prom-ise to restore land bases for the Coos and Cow Creek tribes, and it puts the Coquille Indian Tribe’s forest on an equal footing with those of other In-dian tribes nationwide. 
H.R. 2791 deals only with Oregon 
issues, Oregon tribes, and Oregon con-stituents. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage 
my colleagues to support the bill. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
all Members to join us in supporting this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, my 
complete faith in Mr. D EFAZIO’s powers 
of description was well placed. I en-dorse his remarks and ask for adoption of the measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2791. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.017 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6002 September 16, 2015 
rules were suspended and the bill was 
passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NEW MEXICO NAVAJO WATER SET-
TLEMENT TECHNICAL CORREC-TIONS ACT 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 501) to make technical correc-tions to the Navajo water rights settle-ment in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 501 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘New Mexico 
Navajo Water Settlement Technical Correc-tions Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NAVAJO WATER SETTLEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 10302 of the Om-
nibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 407 note; Public Law 111–11) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking 
‘‘Arrellano’’ and inserting ‘‘Arellano’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (27), by striking ‘‘75–185’’ 
and inserting ‘‘75–184’’. 
(b) D
ELIVERY AND USE OF NAVAJO -GALLUP  
WATER SUPPLY PROJECT WATER .—Section 
10603(c)(2)(A) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1385) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Article III(c)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Articles III(c)’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘Article 
III(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘Articles III(c)’’. 
(c) P
ROJECT CONTRACTS .—Section 10604(f)(1) 
of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1391) is amended by inserting ‘‘Project’’ before ‘‘water’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 10609 of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1395) is amended— 
(1) in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection 
(b), by striking ‘‘construction or rehabilita-tion’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘planning, design, construction, rehabilita-tion,’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘2 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘4 percent’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘4 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’. 
(e) A
GREEMENT .—Section 10701(e) of the 
Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1400) is amended in paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), and (3)(A) by striking ‘‘and Contract’’ each place it appears. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-
bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
S. 501, the New Mexico Navajo Water 
Settlement Technical Corrections Act, makes a number of small changes to a Federal law impacting the Navajo Na-tion’s water projects in New Mexico. 
The bill specifically fixes 
misspellings, citations, and other er-rors to help expedite the completion of water infrastructure projects. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
noncontroversial bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
S. 501 would make technical correc-
tions, as my colleague has stated, to the Navajo-Gallup Water Supply Project, which was authorized by Con-gress in the Omnibus Public Land Man-agement Act of 2009. 
b1615 
The legislation will help provide a re-
liable water supply to tribal commu-nities on a faster timeline and promote economic growth in northwestern New Mexico. This legislation has the admin-istration’s support and has already passed the Senate by unanimous con-sent. 
I want to thank my friend and col-
league, Congressman B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, the sponsor of the com-panion legislation here in the House, for all of his hard work and leadership on this critical issue. 
I fully support S. 501 and urge its 
adoption by all Members. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
also urge all Members to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 501. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
YUKON KUSKOKWIM HEALTH COR-
PORATION PROPERTY CONVEY-ANCE 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 230) to provide for the convey-ance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation lo-cated in Bethel, Alaska. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 230 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, 
but not later than 180 days, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Corporation’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property described in section 2 for use in connection with health and social services programs. 
(b) E
FFECT ON ANYQUITCLAIM DEED.—The 
conveyance by the Secretary of title by war-ranty deed under this section shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, supersede and render of no future effect any quitclaim deed to the property described in section 2 executed by the Secretary and the Corpora-tion. 
(c) C
ONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the 
property under this Act— 
(1) shall be made by warranty deed; and (2) shall not— (A) require any consideration from the 
Corporation for the property; 
(B) impose any obligation, term, or condi-
tion on the Corporation; or 
(C) allow for any reversionary interest of 
the United States in the property. 
SEC. 2. PROPERTY DESCRIBED. 
The property, including all land and appur-
tenances, described in this section is the property included in U.S. Survey No. 4000, Lot 2, T. 8 N., R. 71 W., Seward Meridian, containing 22.98 acres. 
SEC. 3. ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY. 
(a) L IABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Corporation shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination result-ing from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in section 2 on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Corporation. 
(2) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An 
environmental contamination described in paragraph (1) includes any oil or petroleum products, hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, pollutants, toxic substances, solid waste, or any other envi-ronmental contamination or hazard as de-fined in any Federal or State of Alaska law. 
(b) E
ASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be ac-
corded any easement or access to the prop-erty conveyed under this Act as may be rea-sonably necessary to satisfy any retained ob-ligation or liability of the Secretary. 
(c) N
OTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE AC-
TIVITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this 
Act, the Secretary shall comply with sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) and the 
gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D IN-
GELL ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.037 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6003 September 16, 2015 
I would first like to acknowledge the 
gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y OUNG ), 
the chairman of the Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Af-fairs, for his hard work as the sponsor of the House companion to this bill, H.R. 521. 
This bill was favorably reported from 
the Committee on Natural Resources by unanimous consent in July of this year. The Senate version, S. 230, spon-sored by Senator M
URKOWSKI , is before 
us today. This bill directs the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to convey by warranty deed a 23-acre parcel of Federal land under the ad-ministration of the Indian Health Serv-ice and located in Bethel, Alaska, to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Cor-poration for health and social service- related programs. 
The YKHC is a nonprofit Alaska Na-
tive organization which operates a re-gional hospital on the 23 acres of the Federal land conveyed under this bill. In recent years, the hospital has had a need to expand and renovate the exist-ing facilities in this location. To secure funding for the hospital expansion, the YKHC must demonstrate sufficient site control, but because the surrounding land is federally owned, this bill is nec-essary to provide the health corpora-tion the site control necessary to im-prove its facilities. 
Congress has enacted two similar 
bills in the last several Congresses and, like those, this bill is supported by the 
entire Alaska delegation and by the ad-ministration. 
I again want to commend my col-
league from Alaska for his hard work for Alaska Natives, and I urge my col-leagues to pass this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 230, as my colleague 
has so eloquently stated, will provide for the conveyance of approximately 23 acres to the YKHC, located in Bethel, Alaska, for the purposes of con-structing a primary care clinic at-tached to the existing hospital. 
This bill is identical to H.R. 521, in-
troduced by our colleague and my very dear and good friend, Chairman D
ON 
YOUNG , which we passed by unanimous 
consent out of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. The land transfer is needed so that the YKHC might par-ticipate in the Indian Health Service Joint Venture Construction Program. 
Access to quality health care is a 
fundamental part of our trust responsi-bility to tribal members, and passage of this bill will ensure that the YKHC can meet the current and future needs of its residents. 
I urge my colleagues to support pas-
sage of S. 230. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), that legendary force of Alas-
kan nature. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
do thank the chairman and I do thank the ranking member for their kind comments. 
Much has been said about this fine 
piece of legislation. As was mentioned, it has passed the House twice. The Sen-ate finally passed out a bill, and now we are dealing with a Senate bill. 
As was mentioned, this gives an op-
portunity for the YKHC, a Native hos-pital, to expand on Federal lands. By ownership of the land now, there will be no cloud on that title. 
I do appreciate the comments. I do 
appreciate the work that has been put into this. This is a bill that should have been signed into law a lot sooner. It will be done now, and we will be able to expand this hospital for my Alaska Natives. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of 
this legislation. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, before I 
yield back for the day, I want to thank my colleague, Chairman M
CCLINTOCK , 
for his collegiality today and his lead-ership in making this a pleasant after-noon and a bipartisan afternoon. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting S. 230. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I 
would reciprocate those kind words to the gentlewoman from Michigan; thank you. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of 
this measure. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 230. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 21 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1831 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 
6 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the 
rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 1214, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1949, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
NATIONAL FOREST SMALL 
TRACTS ACT AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1214) to amend the Small Tracts Act to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small parcels of National Forest System land to enhance the management of the National Forest System, to resolve minor encroach-ments, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 0, not voting 30, as follows: 
[Roll No. 495] 
YEAS—403 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart 
Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.041 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6004 September 16, 2015 
Green, Gene 
Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce 
Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—30 
Beyer 
Bilirakis Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Clawson (FL) Cole Denham Fincher Fleming 
Grayson Gutie´rrez 
Hoyer Hudson Hunter Kirkpatrick Knight Lummis 
Marchant Messer Miller (FL) Pingree Rohrabacher Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta 
Sires Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) 
Wagner Wasserman 
Schultz 
Westmoreland 
b1915 
Ms. TSONGAS and Mr. GOSAR 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL LIBERTY MEMORIAL 
CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE 
of Texas). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1949) to provide for the consideration and sub-mission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial ap-proved for establishment in the Dis-trict of Columbia, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 0, not voting 31, as follows: 
[Roll No. 496] 
YEAS—402 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell 
Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kline Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant 
Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz 
Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—31 
Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Buchanan Clawson (FL) DeFazio Denham 
DesJarlais Fincher Grayson Gutie´rrez 
Hoyer Hunter Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Knight Miller (FL) Pingree Price (NC) Rohrabacher Ryan (OH) Salmon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.023 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6005 September 16, 2015 
Sanchez, Loretta 
Sires Smith (WA) Thompson (CA) Wagner 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
Westmoreland Yoho 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1922 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today 
I attended the funeral of a fallen Air Force Special Operator from my district and missed the following rollcall votes: Nos. 495 and 496 on September 16, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted: 
rollcall vote No. 495—H.R. 1214—National Forest Small Tracts Amendments Act of 2015, as amended, ‘‘aye,’’ and rollcall vote No. 496—H.R. 1949—National Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015, as amended, ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Wednesday, September 16, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 495 and 496. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO 
DECLARE A RECESS ON THURS-DAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 2015, FOR THE PURPOSE OF RECEIVING IN JOINT MEETING POPE FRANCIS OF THE HOLY SEE 
Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Thursday, Sep-tember 24, 2015, for the Speaker to de-clare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in Joint Meeting Pope Francis of the Holy See. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
URD of Texas). Is there objection to 
the request of the gentleman from Ne-vada? 
There was no objection. 
f 
CRAGS, COLORADO LAND 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2223) to authorize, direct, expe-dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2223 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Crags, Colo-
rado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this Act are— (1) to authorize, direct, expedite and facili-
tate the land exchange set forth herein; and (2) to promote enhanced public outdoor 
recreational and natural resource conserva-tion opportunities in the Pike National For-est near Pikes Peak, Colorado via acquisi-tion of the non-Federal land and trail ease-ment. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) BHI.—The term ‘‘BHI’’ means 
Broadmoor Hotel, Inc., a Colorado corpora-tion. 
(2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal 
land’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to approximately 83 acres of land within the Pike National For-est, El Paso County, Colorado, together with a non-exclusive perpetual access easement to BHI to and from such land on Forest Service Road 371, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– Federal Parcel–Emerald Valley Ranch’’, dated March 2015. 
(3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- 
Federal land’’ means the land and trail ease-ment to be conveyed to the Secretary by BHI in the exchange and is— 
(A) approximately 320 acres of land within 
the Pike National Forest, Teller County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Crags Land Exchange– Non-Federal Parcel–Crags Property’’, dated March 2015; and 
(B) a permanent trail easement for the 
Barr Trail in El Paso County, Colorado, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Pro-posed Crags Land Exchange–Barr Trail Ease-ment to United States’’, dated March 2015, and which shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by BHI for all purposes of law. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Agriculture, unless otherwise specified. 
SEC. 4. LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If BHI offers to convey to 
the Secretary all right, title, and interest of BHI in and to the non-Federal land, the Sec-retary shall accept the offer and simulta-neously convey to BHI the Federal land. 
(b) L
AND TITLE.—Title to the non-Federal 
land conveyed and donated to the Secretary under this Act shall be acceptable to the Secretary and shall conform to the title ap-proval standards of the Attorney General of the United States applicable to land acquisi-tions by the Federal Government. 
(c) P
ERPETUAL ACCESS EASEMENT TO BHI.— 
The nonexclusive perpetual access easement to be granted to BHI as shown on the map re-ferred to in section 3(2) shall allow— 
(1) BHI to fully maintain, at BHI’s expense, 
and use Forest Service Road 371 from its junction with Forest Service Road 368 in ac-cordance with historic use and maintenance patterns by BHI; and 
(2) full and continued public and adminis-
trative access and use of FSR 371 in accord-ance with the existing Forest Service travel management plan, or as such plan may be re-vised by the Secretary. 
(d) R
OUTE AND CONDITION OF ROAD.—BHI 
and the Secretary may mutually agree to improve, relocate, reconstruct, or otherwise alter the route and condition of all or por-tions of such road as the Secretary, in close consultation with BHI, may determine advis-able. 
(e) E
XCHANGE COSTS.—BHI shall pay for all 
land survey, appraisal, and other costs to the Secretary as may be necessary to process and consummate the exchange directed by this Act, including reimbursement to the Secretary, if the Secretary so requests, for staff time spent in such processing and con-summation. SEC. 5. EQUAL VALUE EXCHANGE AND APPRAIS-
ALS. 
(a) A PPRAISALS .—The values of the lands to 
be exchanged under this Act shall be deter-mined by the Secretary through appraisals performed in accordance with— 
(1) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for 
Federal Land Acquisitions; 
(2) the Uniform Standards of Professional 
Appraisal Practice; 
(3) appraisal instructions issued by the 
Secretary; and 
(4) shall be performed by an appraiser mu-
tually agreed to by the Secretary and BHI. 
(b) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The values of 
the Federal and non-Federal land parcels ex-changed shall be equal, or if they are not equal, shall be equalized as follows: 
(1) S
URPLUS OF FEDERAL LAND VALUE .—If 
the final appraised value of the Federal land exceeds the final appraised value of the non- Federal land parcel identified in section 3(3)(A), BHI shall make a cash equalization payment to the United States as necessary to achieve equal value, including, if nec-essary, an amount in excess of that author-ized pursuant to section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of l976 (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)). 
(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Any cash equalization 
moneys received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be— 
(A) deposited in the fund established under 
Public Law 90–171 (commonly known as the ‘‘Sisk Act’’; 16 U.S.C. 484a); and 
(B) made available to the Secretary for the 
acquisition of land or interests in land in Re-gion 2 of the Forest Service. 
(3) S
URPLUS OF NON -FEDERAL LAND VALUE .— 
If the final appraised value of the non-Fed-eral land parcel identified in section 3(3)(A) exceeds the final appraised value of the Fed-eral land, the United States shall not make a cash equalization payment to BHI, and sur-plus value of the non-Federal land shall be considered a donation by BHI to the United States for all purposes of law. 
(c) A
PPRAISAL EXCLUSIONS .— 
(1) S PECIAL USE PERMIT .—The appraised 
value of the Federal land parcel shall not re-flect any increase or diminution in value due to the special use permit existing on the date of the enactment of this Act to BHI on the parcel and improvements thereunder. 
(2) B
ARR TRAIL EASEMENT .—The Barr Trail 
easement donation identified in section 3(3)(B) shall not be appraised for purposes of this Act. 
SEC. 6. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) W ITHDRAWAL PROVISIONS .— 
(1) W ITHDRAWAL .—Lands acquired by the 
Secretary under this Act shall, without fur-ther action by the Secretary, be perma-nently withdrawn from all forms of appro-priation and disposal under the public land laws (including the mining and mineral leas-ing laws) and the Geothermal Steam Act of 1930 (30 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
(2) W
ITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public 
land order that withdraws the Federal land from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked to the extent nec-essary to permit disposal of the Federal land parcel to BHI. 
(3) W
ITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND .—All 
Federal land authorized to be exchanged under this Act, if not already withdrawn or segregated from appropriation or disposal under the public lands laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid existing rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land to BHI. 
(b) P
OSTEXCHANGE LAND MANAGEMENT .— 
Land acquired by the Secretary under this Act shall become part of the Pike-San Isabel National Forest and be managed in accord-ance with the laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the National Forest System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.018 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6006 September 16, 2015 
(c) E XCHANGE TIMETABLE .—It is the intent 
of Congress that the land exchange directed by this Act be consummated no later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) M
APS, ESTIMATES , ANDDESCRIPTIONS .— 
(1) M INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary and BHI 
may by mutual agreement make minor boundary adjustments to the Federal and non-Federal lands involved in the exchange, and may correct any minor errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of any land to be exchanged. 
(2) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict between 
a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this Act, the map shall control unless the Secretary and BHI mutually agree otherwise. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Upon enactment of this 
Act, the Secretary shall file and make avail-able for public inspection in the head-quarters of the Pike-San Isabel National Forest a copy of all maps referred to in this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) and the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 2223, 
the Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015, which I introduced, along with Mr. P
OLIS, to facilitate a land ex-
change in El Paso and Teller Counties in Colorado. 
Specifically, this legislation would 
convey to the United States the 320- acre Crags property located on the west side of Pikes Peak that is cur-rently owned by the Broadmoor Hotel and that is a perpetual public access easement for the lower portion of the popular Barr Trail. 
In exchange, an 83-acre Federal par-
cel located at Emerald Valley Ranch on the southeast side of Pikes Peak and that is a perpetual access easement along two Forest Service roads would be transferred to the Broadmoor. 
This exchange would eliminate the 
management and liability issues cur-rently facing the United States because of the significant upgrades and im-provements that Broadmoor has made to the Emerald Valley Ranch parcel. 
Mr. Speaker, this land exchange will 
also provide increased outdoor rec-reational opportunities for the public. The 320-acre Crags property is com-pletely surrounded by the Pike Na-tional Forest and has been the top ac-quisition priority for the Pikes Peak Ranger District for several years. 
The property provides several oppor-
tunities to connect forest system trails emanating from The Crags Camp-
ground with trails in the Putney Gulch area. In addition, existing trails within the property could become key links in the proposed Ring the Peak Trail. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
B
ISHOP and Chairman M CCLINTOCK and 
the entire staff of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands for all of their hard work in bringing this bill to the floor tonight to help increase the economic and recreational opportunities around Colorado Springs. I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Rather than repeat what the chair-
man of the subcommittee just indi-cated on H.R. 2223, let me just say that the exchange eliminates a large private inholding in the National Forest and removes the need for the Federal land management of the Emerald Valley Ranch. The Forest Service testified in support of the legislation. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Con-
gressman P
OLIS and Congressman L AM-
BORN , for their hard and constructive 
work on this legislation. This is a good, bipartisan piece of legislation, and I congratulate its two sponsors. I urge its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, in con-
clusion, I appreciate the ranking mem-ber, Representative G
RIJALVA , for his 
work on the committee. 
We have many spirited discussions. 
Sometimes we don’t agree, but some-times we do. This is one of those great occasions when, on a bipartisan basis, we do agree. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2223. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1930 
CONGRATULATING SABADO 
GIGANTE AND DON FRANCISCO 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise tonight to congratulate Mario Kreutzberger, better known as Don Francisco, for his successful career as the host of Sabado Gigante whose last airing will be this Saturday, September 19. 
From its humble beginnings in the 
country of Chile 53 years ago, Sabado Gigante has captivated and won the hearts of audiences throughout Latin America and especially in our south 
Florida community. 
Nearly 30 years since its first trans-
mission into the United States, Sabado Gigante has attracted loyal and enthu-siastic viewers who enjoy the combina-tion of entertainment and coverage of current events. In 2012, the Guinness Book of Records listed Sabado Gigante as the world’s longest running TV vari-ety show. 
Don Francisco has also been dedi-
cated to promoting charitable giving through his Teleton and has served as a spokesperson for the Muscular Dys-trophy Association. Wherever Don Francisco decides to go, he will not only find success, but also the heartfelt support of our community. 
Congratulations—felicidades, Don 
Francisco. Godspeed. 
f 
HONORING VERONICA POTTER 
(Ms. DUCKWORTH asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I am 
here today to recognize one of my out-standing constituents, Ms. Veronica Potter, of Barrington, Illinois. 
She recently wrote a letter to a 
hometown paper saying: 
I know that the service of women in our 
current history is applauded because the service is indeed equal to that of men in our military, but in World War II, there were many women involved in serving their coun-try in the military, but as a whole, nothing is ever mentioned. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, she is right, so I 
would like to mention her today here on the House floor. 
The Women’s Reserve was created in 
1942 when the strain of our two-front war caused shortages in military per-sonnel. Recognizing her country needed her in a time of war, Veronica self-lessly volunteered and served in the U.S. Marines Corps Reserves from 1944 to 1946 and supported our country’s ef-forts during World War II. 
Veronica joined the Marines right 
out of high school. After basic training, she was deployed to the Marine base in Parris Island, South Carolina, for 2 years, where she contributed to the wartime operations on the base that helped train more than 204,000 marines destined for the front line in defense of our great Nation. 
Ms. Potter served our country in a 
dire time of need and has not been properly recognized for her efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-
oring and recognizing Veronica Potter, a woman who contributed to the suc-cess of the U.S. Marines during World War II. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. HONDA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, we are now 
7 legislative days from yet another Re-publican government shutdown, simply 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.021 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6007 September 16, 2015 
because the Republicans want to deny 
women access to comprehensive health care—7 days away from a government shutdown—and we have no solution to keep our government funded and run-ning. 
We have radio silence on how to 
strengthen our middle class, build big-ger paychecks for all Americans, and invest our infrastructure. 
In light of this Republican Congress’ 
dysfunction, just this week, General Electric announced that, because of the ‘‘political debate over America’s global competitiveness and the future of the Export-Import Bank,’’ it is shifting 500 manufacturing jobs out of the U.S. 
As a representative of Silicon Valley, 
I know that manufacturing jobs, such as those at GE, are the foundation to reversing income inequality and ignit-ing innovation. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot hold our gov-
ernment and our American livelihood hostage. I call upon my Republican col-leagues to stop pulling a Kim Davis and do your job. 
f 
NEW JERSEY’S CONFECTIONARY 
INDUSTRY 
(Mr. GARRETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to recognize an industry that has a large and very delicious impact on my home district in the Fifth District of New Jersey. I, of course, am talking about New Jersey’s confectionary man-ufacturers. 
I am proud to see New Jersey prod-
ucts in stores, not only throughout the State and the country, but around the world. The Fifth District’s own Pro-motion in Motion and M&M Mars have contributed to countless fond memo-ries of enjoying candy at sports games, movie theaters, and birthday parties; but the confectionary industry pro-vides even more than just tasty treats. 
In New Jersey and throughout the 
country, this industry is an economic driver comprised of family-owned busi-nesses employing tens of thousands of employees across the State and across the country. 
No doubt, New Jersey is a sweeter 
place thanks to the candy manufactur-ers that call our State of New Jersey home. 
f 
CONCERNING THE CONTINUING 
RESOLUTION 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, Members, here we are, 2 weeks away from another potential shutdown of the government. 
Do my Republican friends know how 
silly it sounds to threaten shutting down the entire government over a manufactured crisis for funding that does not even go to abortions? Current law already withholds Fed-
eral funding from covering a woman’s abortion, except in cases of extreme limited circumstances. To gamble with valuable Federal programs should be embarrassing. 
Here are just a few examples of pro-
grams that will be affected if the GOP pursues a strategy that I doubt they would want to see happen. 
The GOP shutdown would mean that 
the Centers for Disease Control would be unable to support the annual sea-sonal influenza program. 
The GOP shutdown means we rely 
more on foreign energy as the issuance of permits for energy production on Federal lands stop. I certainly know my Republican colleagues wouldn’t want to see that happen. 
Head Start centers around the coun-
try would close. During fiscal year 2014, an estimated 1,600 Head Start agencies served over 927,000 children, including 71,000 in Texas. Apparently, our chil-dren are okay to target in a political debate. 
Under the GOP shutdown, the Bureau 
of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Ex-plosives would be affected; and gun per-mits will not be processed. 
We could be using this time to debate 
the extension of valuable programs like the Export-Import Bank or the highway trust fund, but instead, we are going through the same theatrics we went through 2 years ago, which ac-complished nothing. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-
leagues to be reasonable and pass a clean continuing resolution so Con-gress can get back to work doing what the American people sent us here to do. 
f 
QUESTIONS FOR TONIGHT’S 
DEBATE 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the 
good news of this place is a congratula-tions offered by my colleague just a few minutes ago to a 90-year-old lady who served in World War II and had never received a thank you. 
Wouldn’t it be a positive step to re-
flect on America and to be able to hold in this body positive things that shows the Congress working together? Yet, as has been mentioned, our colleagues want to defund Planned Parenthood and shut down the government. 
I wonder whether or not, in this de-
bate coming up, that any of the mod-erators will ask whether any of those debating will stand in shutting down the government. I wonder whether they will ask them whether they support voting rights and will support the res-toration of the Voting Rights Act, like the Americans who walked 1,000 miles for justice. 
I wonder whether or not, in fact, they 
would ask them whether they care any-thing about criminal justice reform and decriminalizing, if you will, this system where it has mass incarcer-ation, children in jail, where it doesn’t 
believe in rehabilitation for those who have served. 
I wonder whether these individuals 
that have been making a lot of noise in front of the public who will be in the public eye all over America, Mr. Speaker, whether they will answer the real questions about America and bring us together. 
Voting rights, health care for women, 
and making sure that we fix the crimi-nal justice system, those are the ques-tions that should be asked tonight. 
f 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION 
FUND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
this evening to talk about the Land and Water Conservation Fund, our Na-tion’s most important conservation and outdoor recreation program. 
For more than 50 years, the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund has con-served our Nation’s most cherished natural spaces and historic landmarks. This groundbreaking program, created and reauthorized on a strong bipartisan basis, has protected and expanded iconic landscapes in every State and is responsible for more than 40,000 State and local outdoor recreation projects, from playgrounds and baseball fields to urban parks and nature refuges. 
By reinvesting revenues from off-
shore oil and gas development in com-munities across America, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has become ‘‘America’s best parks program.’’ 
In my home State of Arizona, the 
fund has provided approximately $223 million in funding to help preserve iconic places like the Grand Canyon, 
Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge, and the San Pedro Riparian National Conservation Area. 
Recently, I had the pleasure of join-
ing National Park staff and students from Cholla High School, Desert View High School, and Pueblo High School for a day of appreciation at Saguaro National Park West. For many of the students that joined us on this visit, this was their first visit to Saguaro, despite it being a 15-minute drive from Tucson. 
Saguaro officials have leveraged the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund funding to benefit Arizonans, the desert tortoise, Gila monsters, and other desert wildlife that call Saguaro home. Without it, our students would have had a smaller national park to ex-perience, less to learn, and less to enjoy. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund has preserved iconic sites like this all over the country. Our trip to Saguaro was hardly unique. These sto-ries of discovery happen every day thanks to the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.050 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6008 September 16, 2015 
Unfortunately, the fund’s authorizing 
legislation expires on September 30, 2015. Six legislative days remain before the clock runs out. The stakes are high. 
If the Land and Water Conservation 
Fund is not renewed, special wild areas will be at greater risk of overdevelop-ment, and our Nation’s ability to con-serve lands for future generations will be severely undercut. 
Congress should build on the Land 
and Water Conservation Fund’s legacy. We should stop playing political games and do what the public clearly wants us to do. We should permanently reau-thorize and fully fund the program. It is that simple. 
The House Republican leadership has 
not acted to extend the Land and Water Conservation Fund. They seem perfectly content to let it expire. 
Rather than meeting with their fel-
low legislators and reaching a com-promise, as Senate Republicans have done, the House Republican leadership, once again, has shown an inability to do what is best for sportsmen, the out-door industry, recreation enthusiasts, and wildlife. By allowing the fund to expire, they serve no one’s interest and create a deficit in our legacy as protec-tors of public land and public resources in this country. 
This is not a controversial program. 
It protects public land for future use. There is no more an American goal than that, but it is held up by a leader-ship team that would rather do noth-ing. 
Past Congresses have reauthorized 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund with support from both parties. It shouldn’t be any different this time. The support is there. 
On April 15, as the chart illustrates, 
a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund was introduced. To date, the bill boasts support from over 165 Members of Con-gress, both Republican and Democrats. 
I have made a request—as the se-
quence of time that we have been wait-ing—asking for a full hearing, a mark-up, and an eventual vote on this floor. 
We asked for a hearing on H.R. 1814. 
I made a request to hold a vote on H.R. 1814. These requests have fallen on deaf ears. 
The clock is running out. House Re-
publican leaders must act. It won’t take much to get the Land and Water Conservation Fund back on track, but they have to say yes to moving forward and to doing a bipartisan legislation, which is what the colleagues of this Chamber are asking for. It is time for action. 
We are calling, in a bipartisan way, 
on our colleagues to permanently reau-thorize the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. To not do so is not carrying out our full responsibilities as stewards of the public lands, but also, more im-portantly, when you have before you a request by over 165 Members on a bi-partisan manner on a bill that has compromises within it that were reached at the Senate level as well, it 
appears to me that not to do this fund is to set up this fund for failure, to set up this fund for dismantling, and to set up this fund to redirect the purpose for which this fund was created 50 years ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SON-
GAS), the ranking member for the Sub-
committee on Federal Lands. 
b1945 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank Ranking Member G RI-
JALVA for his leadership and advocacy 
on behalf of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. 
We have a generational responsi-
bility to protect our Nation’s remain-ing natural and historic resources for our children and our grandchildren. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has been an instrumental tool, an invaluable tool in this effort. 
For over 50 years, the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund has carried out a simple, bipartisan idea: use reve-nues from the depletion of one Federal resource—offshore oil and gas—to con-serve another—our land and water— and provide recreation opportunities for all Americans. It does not cost tax-payer money or contribute to the Fed-eral deficit, relying instead on royal-ties paid by oil and gas companies in exchange for their right to develop off-shore resources in waters that belong to all of the American people. 
LWCF has also proven to be a critical 
tool to protect some of our Nation’s most significant cultural and historic sites, protecting places that have shaped and defined who we are as a people and a country and would not have been protected without support from the Federal Government. 
This past weekend, I was honored to 
host Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell at my annual River Day, an event I have held in my district for the past 9 years that celebrates the rivers that connect the Third Congressional District of Massachusetts and the many partners who work to protect these resources that provide clean drinking water, create tremendous rec-reational opportunities, and bring nat-ural beauty to our daily life. 
As part of River Day, Secretary 
Jewell and I visited Minute Man Na-tional Historical Park, which com-memorates the famous shot heard ’round the world in the very beginnings of our country. Like many national parks and public lands across the coun-try, Minute Man, and all those who visit, have directly benefited from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Barrett’s Farm is the former home of 
Colonel James Barrett, the commander of the Middlesex militia during the Revolutionary War. His farm was used to store colonial militia weapons and was the objective of the British march on Concord that inspired Paul Revere’s ride. British forces marched from Bos-ton to seize the munitions stored at the farm, but Barrett’s militia con-
fronted the British soldiers at the North Bridge, where the shot heard ’round the world was fired, launching America’s war for independence. 
For many years, this important his-
toric site, Barrett’s Farm, was pri-vately owned, restricted from the pub-lic, and was in a complete state of dis-repair. Thanks to the Land and Water Conservation Fund, the National Park Service was able to purchase Barrett’s Farm from a willing, private local foundation, ensuring that this nation-ally significant historical site is pre-served to be enjoyed by visitors for many years to come. 
Fifty years ago, our predecessors in 
this Congress had the wisdom and fore-sight to establish the Land and Water Conservation Fund for the benefit of future generations of Americans. Dis-mantling this program or letting its authorization expire disadvantages all in real and significant ways. I can’t imagine the loss of the important piece of history of Barrett’s Farm that the LWCF made possible to preserve. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting full funding and permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, making sure that it remains one of our Nation’s most successful and effective conservation tools. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from California’s 47th District (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Ranking Member G
RIJALVA for 
calling us together for this Special Order hour to highlight the need for the Land and Water Conservation Fund and for his leadership in seeking a per-manent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
As has been pointed out, the Land 
and Water Conservation Fund is far and away our Nation’s most important conservation program. The LWCF is a popular and successful bipartisan pro-gram for the conservation and protec-tion of America’s irreplaceable nat-ural, historic, cultural, and outdoor landmarks. 
Over its 50-year history, the fund has 
conserved more than 5 million acres for parks, for recreation, for forests, for refuges, and for other land through the Federal program, but that is just part of the LWCF. Also, more than 2.6 mil-lion acres has been saved in commu-nities throughout every State in the Nation. 
It has conserved iconic landscapes in 
every State. It is responsible for more than 40,000 State and local outdoor rec-reational projects at no cost, as has been pointed out, to the American tax-payer. In fact, according to a recent economic analysis, every dollar in-vested in the conservation of public lands through the LWCF leads to $4 in economic activities to local commu-nities. 
Our Nation’s conserved public lands 
are the essential infrastructure for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.051 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6009 September 16, 2015 
vibrant outdoor recreational economy 
that contributes over $646 billion to the economy each year and supports more than 1 in every 15 jobs in the United States. 
That economic activity and job cre-
ation plays out locally all over the country, not only in the broad service and manufacturing sectors, but in the thousands upon thousands of rec-reational destination areas and the gateway communities where we all go to enjoy the outdoors. My home State of California has received more than $2.3 billion in LWCF funding over the past five decades, which has helped to protect some of our State’s most treas-ured places. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund also plays a crucial role in build-ing up the ability of our lands to re-duce the damages caused by climate change. Our network of public lands plays a critical role in addressing the challenges that climate change poses to our forests, fish and wildlife, and ri-parian resources. America’s forests naturally capture a remarkable 13 per-cent of U.S. carbon emissions each year, but the U.S. Forest Service projects that private forests, storing more than 2 billion tons of carbon, are at risk of development in addition. Coastal wetlands, we also know, can lessen the damages caused by major storms, and land conservation in the wildland-urban interface can reduce home losses from major fires. 
Continued investment in the Land 
and Water Conservation Fund will be essential to help us buffer the impacts of a changing climate. If funding is al-lowed to expire, the American public will lose one of our greatest tools to ensure the protection of our public lands and waters and the ability of ev-eryone to go outside and to enjoy these wonderful resources. We simply cannot let that happen. 
Congress must honor the bipartisan 
commitment it made over 50 years ago and ensure that our children and our grandchildren get to enjoy America’s treasured outdoor spaces the same way we have been able to enjoy those spaces. We must permanently reau-thorize the LWCF. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from California’s Second District (Mr. H
UFFMAN ), the 
ranking member on the Water, Power, and Oceans Subcommittee of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, for 
more than 50 years, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has pro-tected America’s natural heritage. This fund is one of our Nation’s most impor-tant conservation tools. Every single year, millions of Americans hike the trails that this fund has helped build, they visit the national parks that this fund helped create, and they enjoy the wildland vistas that it helped protect. 
This fund has supported more than 
40,000 projects in nearly every county in every State in our Nation. In my own district on California’s north coast, it has funded projects in Red-
wood National Park, in Six Rivers Na-tional Forest, and in the Point Reyes National Seashore. 
Since 2004, it has helped add more 
than 1,000 acres to the King Range Na-tional Conservation Area, which is one of the most rugged and spectacular backpacking areas you will find any-where in the continental United States. It is also known as the Lost Coast. 
The positive impact that this fund 
has had is simply staggering. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has per-manently protected 5 million acres of public lands, and that includes sections of American icons, like the Grand Can-yon National Park and the Appa-lachian Trail. Best of all, it has done all of this at no taxpayer expense. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is financed by a portion of offshore drill-ing fees. 
Congress needs to remember that 
preserving our natural heritage isn’t just good for our environment; it is good for our economy. Outdoor recre-ation is a cornerstone for many local and State economies, bringing tourists from around the world to shop at local businesses, to eat at restaurants, to stay at hotels. 
In California alone, outdoor recre-
ation supports $85.4 billion in consumer spending and 732,000 jobs across the State; but in just 2 weeks, authoriza-tion of this fund will expire, leaving local economies in jeopardy, leaving our land managers struggling to make up for lost funding. 
Fifty years ago, Congress created the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund with an overwhelming bipartisan vote. I hope Congress can come together now to support H.R. 1814, a bipartisan bill sponsored by my friend Mr. G
RIJALVA , 
that permanently reauthorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund. America’s natural heritage and our economy depend on it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Washington’s First District (Ms. D
ELBENE). 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
the honor of representing one of the most beautiful and diverse districts in the country. It includes the Alpine Lakes Wilderness, the Mount Baker- Snoqualmie National Forest, the North Cascades National Park, and the North Creek Forest, all incredible areas for people throughout our region and across the country to enjoy. 
Unfortunately, in just 14 days, the 
congressional authorization for the Land and Water Conservation Fund will expire. LWCF was established 50 years ago to maintain outdoor rec-reational opportunities nationwide. It is the only Federal program dedicated to the conservation of our national parks, forests, wildernesses, wildlife refuges, State and local parks, and working forests. 
Since its inception, the fund has in-
vested $637 million in Washington State projects alone, including three grants for the North Creek Forest, a 64- 
acre park I visited just last month. A community organization called Friends of North Creek Forest and a college student named Jordan from the Uni-versity of Washington at Bothell gave me a tour of the forest. 
For his senior thesis, Jordan has 
worked with the community and con-servation volunteers to clean up the site and design new trails for hikers and hundreds of schoolchildren to enjoy. This forest is a safe and healthy place for our families and students to have fun and learn about species diver-sity and the importance of conserva-tion efforts. This is just one project among thousands across the country. 
Without a new authorization for this 
critical program, environmental con-servation projects and Washington’s outdoor recreational industry would be needlessly harmed because not only is the Land and Water Conservation Fund crucial for protecting the Pacific Northwest’s beautiful spaces, it is also important for our State’s economy as well as the entire country’s. In Wash-ington State alone, outdoor recreation supports nearly 200,000 jobs and con-tributes $20 billion a year to our econ-omy. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund uses no taxpayer dollars and is funded through oil and gas receipts paid by energy companies. Unfortu-nately, in the past, Congress has di-verted this money for other uses. That is why I, along with 159 of my col-leagues, have cosponsored a bill to per-manently reauthorize the fund. 
My beautiful State boasts some of 
our Nation’s most beautiful forests, mountains, and waterways, and taking care of these natural resources and pro-tecting our environment is critical to preserving the quality of life that we cherish. 
b2000 
We can’t risk defunding the great 
work of these environmental conserva-tion projects, which is why Congress must reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
I want to thank Congressman G
RI-
JALVA for organizing this Special Order 
hour on such a critical issue. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, after 
September 30, the authorization for the Land and Water Conservation Fund ex-pires. That date is a looming date for the Republican leadership of this House. 
With it comes the talk and potential 
of a government shutdown. Other crit-ical programs that face reauthorization are also ending on September 30. 
Part of the issue of leadership is to 
allow the House to work its will. Until this House has the opportunity to deal with this issue of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, we will continue to not know its status and we will watch the agonizingly slow and painful dis-mantling and end of this program. 
The reauthorization has, in its his-
tory, been bipartisan and bicameral. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.052 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6010 September 16, 2015 
This legislation enjoys bipartisan and 
bicameral support. 
Both Republican and Democratic col-
leagues are part of the 165 sponsors of the legislation in the House. The com-promise in that committee was be-tween the ranking member and the chair of that committee in the Senate. 
So I think it behooves us to look at 
this fund, for every day past the 30th of September $2.5 million will be lost to that fund, money that we cannot afford to lose. 
Mr. Speaker, to wait for the ashes of 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund after the 30th and then to develop it without bipartisan input, without the Democrats playing any role at all in legislation that redefines the Fund and that includes purposes for which the Fund was never established and redi-rect its funds into areas which are far from the mission of the Fund when it was established 50 years ago, is effec-tively killing the Fund. 
The cuts in our Federal land agencies 
and land management agencies that have endured in the last four or five budgets point to the fact that the Land and Water Conservation Fund has be-come an essential supplemental sup-port to many of our public lands and the projects and outdoor activities and wildlife protections that the American people expect. 
I suggest to the House that this reau-
thorization should be devoid of con-troversy and should be devoid of par-tisan bickering and political grandstanding. This is a routine item that requires action by the House. 
Mr. Speaker, before the time runs 
out, fully funding and fully authorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund on a permanent basis is what the pub-lic is asking for and is what 165 Mem-bers of this House are asking for. 
I believe that the Republican leader-
ship of this House has to act and allow the House of Representatives, the 
elected Representatives of the people of this Nation, to work its will and take that vote. 
My colleagues have mentioned the 
economic benefit and priorities of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Let me just add that a bipartisan poll found that 88 percent of the voters sup-port continuing to set aside offshore oil and gas drilling fees that should go into the Land and Water Conservation Fund and 85 percent of Americans want the fund to be fully funded. 
For every dollar that is spent on 
Land and Water Conservation Funds and that is invested, it results in a re-turn of $4 in economic value from the natural resources goods and services alone. 
I think it is worth noting that $900 
million comes from those offshore oil and gas resources and $17 billion that is collected from those fees and resources that are collected from offshore drill-ing and gas and oil development goes for other purposes elsewhere in the government. 
So we are talking essentially about a 
very small sum of money that many of us felt should have been raised a long 
time ago. We are jeopardizing this sum of money. 
In jeopardizing this sum of money, 
we are further dismantling and further hurting the public’s use of our public lands and, more importantly, the pro-tections and cultural resource activi-ties that occur as a result of the fund. 
It is a simple matter. Bring it to a 
hearing. Bring it to a vote. I would urge the leadership of this House that it is way past time. To agonizingly wait for September 30 is not a function of government. It is cynical. It is wrong. 
When you have a bill before you that 
enjoys the bipartisan support that H.R. 1814 enjoys, it is time to bring it to the floor and allow this Congress to vote and allow this bill to be reauthorized on a permanent level, on a permanent basis. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BUCK). Under the Speaker’s announced 
policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, actu-
ally, there are some people that it is more of a pleasure to work in this House with than others. 
Congressman B
UCK, you are one of 
those that it is a real honor and privi-lege to work with. 
Mr. Speaker, I am back here on the 
floor to talk about one of the most im-portant issues, maybe the most impor-tant issue, of this Congress, recent Congresses, maybe future Congresses, because it has to do with whether or not the Republican-marked majority in the Senate are going to just appear to oppose the Iranian agreement or if they are going to stop it. 
The Corker-Cardin bill was done, I 
have no reason to doubt, with the best of intentions. I didn’t vote for it. I could see what I was afraid was com-ing, and it is what has come. But those that voted for it had a legitimate basis for doing so. 
Because the President of the United 
States, Barack Obama, had said this is basically an executive agreement, he doesn’t need the Senate’s vote. And that is true if it is not a treaty. 
We had the Secretary of State say 
that he was—and he said it—negoti-ating a nonbinding agreement. Those were the kind of statements from which the Corker-Cardin bill was based. 
And so that bill gave the House and 
the Senate each a vote on something that was considered to be a nonbinding executive agreement with Iran. How-ever, after the U.N. Security Council voted on it, finally Congress got to see the so-called nonbinding agreement. 
After the U.N. voted on it, then we 
keep getting messages about: Gee, you cannot stop this. Because to stop it would put us in breach of the agree-
ment. How can we be in breach of a nonbinding agreement? 
Well, the truth came out once we had 
a chance to read the so-called Iranian deal, Iranian agreement. It is a treaty. There is no question it is a treaty. 
I don’t care whose law you go under. 
You cannot amend a treaty with any-thing that falls short of being a treaty itself. 
It is just like here in the House. You 
can’t amend legislation unless you amend it with other legislation, al-though we have bureaucracies like the EPA and others who have just decided to go off on their own and start legis-lating against the clear and expressed intent of Congress. But it is not lawful. They are acting unlawfully. They are acting outside the bounds of the Con-stitution. 
The President has usurped power 
that is not his. He has done so in set-ting out an amnesty. He spoke it, as any good monarch would, and then the Secretary of Homeland Security put it into memos. 
They effectively changed law from 
what it was on naturalization and im-migration passed by Congress, signed by the President. They just changed it with the President speaking it and then Jeh Johnson, the Secretary of Homeland Security, doing memos. 
Well, that is one thing. It does dam-
age to this country. But when we are talking about an agreement which, under most everybody’s description, will allow Iran to get nuclear weapons, there is disagreement whether that will be later or sooner. 
But it seems to be almost unanimous 
that, yes, it is going to allow them to get nukes, but it will be later. Others of us know. They have cheated on every agreement they have entered since 1979, when they came into exist-ence as mullahs running a country. 
Yes, President Carter welcomed the 
Ayatollah Khomeini as a man of peace—a peace of destruction—but they have broken every international agreement in which they participated in since 1979. 
They have never been made to ac-
count or held accountable for taking our embassy employees hostage for over a year. 
For heaven’s sake, it is bad enough 
the administration negotiated with a man that is being charged with deser-tion in return for giving radical Islamists, murderers, and terrorists back to continue to create havoc and kill Americans and others, but now we are going to give them the ability to have an agreement. 
Well, they have broken every agree-
ment they have entered for 36 years. But this one, we think we in the Obama administration are so special that this time they are really not going to breach this agreement, despite the fact that the Ayatollah himself and the other top leaders still say death to America, they still say they are plot-ting the destruction or overthrow of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.054 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6011 September 16, 2015 
Israel, they still say they are plotting 
the destruction of the United States. 
And all the time they are doing that, 
we have people who didn’t learn enough from the disastrous agreement with North Korea that gave the North Kore-ans nuclear weapons. Now they are try-ing the same strategy. 
If we are nice enough and let them 
have the wherewithal to produce nu-clear weapons, then maybe they really won’t do that. 
And if they do, it will be years down 
the road. But you don’t even know in Congress what the side deals are be-tween the IAEA and Iran. 
So where it says that this will hold 
Iran at bay for 8 years in this provision or until the IAEA states the broader conclusion that Iran’s nuclear material is being used for peaceful purposes, whichever is sooner, we don’t even know what the deal between the IAEA and Iran is. 
I heard recently the IAEA has been 
quoted as saying that, as far as they know, their nuclear material is being used for peaceful purposes, but they haven’t been allowed into the material facilities for years. 
As soon as this administration were 
to decide the agreement is finalized and ratified, the IAEA could turn right around and say: As far as we know, it is peaceful materials, but we haven’t been allowed into the military facili-ties where they are doing the real nu-clear weapons work. They are going to give us samples, and the samples they gave us showed they are using it for peaceful purposes. 
So surely they wouldn’t lie, even 
though they have lied about every international agreement they have en-tered since 1979. 
b2015 
For some reason, these people think 
they wouldn’t lie now. I am telling you that this Iranian agreement has to be stopped, and the United States voters gave the United States Senate over to a majority of Republicans in the last elections. As our great President has said, elections have consequences. 
Now, he acts like the elections, 
where we got a majority, Republicans got a majority in the House, that that was not meaningful, and he acts like the voters giving the majority to Re-publicans in the Senate, that didn’t count, but it does count. 
The only way it is going to count, it 
is going to have consequences, is if the Senate stands up—and I would encour-age them, their leaders. Mr. Speaker, I don’t think I am asking too much to ask that the Republican leadership have the same or close to the same amount of backbone that H
ARRY REID 
did when he suspended cloture on con-firmations. I hope that is not too much to ask. 
Just have H
ARRY REID—just almost 
as much as H ARRY REIDhas stood up 
for things he believes in, we are asking the Senate to, the Republicans in the Senate, please stand up, almost as much as H
ARRY REIDdid when he set 
aside cloture on confirmations. 
Now, a number of us sent a letter to 
Senate Majority Leader M CCONNELL , 
down the hall, imploring him to treat the Iranian agreement as the treaty it is because, if they just go along with the fiction that the Iranian agreement does fall under the Corker bill and, therefore, it takes two-thirds to dis-approve in the Senate, two-thirds to disapprove in the House, well, here in the House, we have said the Corker bill doesn’t apply at this time for sure. I would submit it doesn’t apply at all. 
All we have to do is rely on our 
founding document, the Constitution, ratified, made effective 1789, written 1787, and this article II, section 2, sec-ond paragraph, beginning of the para-graph says the President ‘‘shall have power, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur.’’ 
The last thing the President wants is 
for us to follow the Constitution here because the Iranian agreement is a treaty. It modifies other treaties, like the nonproliferation treaty. 
It also, as was specifically not con-
templated in the Corker bill, it deals with allowing them to have weapons, purchase weapons, armaments, that was not supposed to be in the Iranian agreement. 
It also addresses the sanctions allow-
ing them to have over $100 billion, to $150 billion, so that they can use it for terrorist activity, so that more Ameri-cans and Israeli, Jews, Christians, can be terrorized and killed—and I shouldn’t fail to mention moderate Muslims. They are at every bit as much risk—or more—as Christians and Jews because the first people they go after are Muslims that disagree with them. 
It is clearly a treaty. All the Senate 
has to do is take the example that H
ARRY REIDgave when he set aside clo-
ture with 51 Democratic votes, so they could get through a whole bunch of judges confirmed. 
It must have been in hopes that they 
could have judges get to the bench that might have been stopped otherwise, judges like Justice Ginsburg and Jus-tice Kagan, who violated the law by not disqualifying themselves on the same-sex marriage ruling. They per-formed same-sex marriages. 
The law requires them to, therefore, 
disqualify themselves because, by their actions and words, they made clear they thought it was constitutional. Their impartiality was beyond being reasonably questioned. They didn’t have any impartiality. 
I guess, when Leader R
EID, at the 
time, got 51 Democrats to remove clo-ture as a problem for their confirma-tions, he probably did get some more judges confirmed. 
This is so much more serious—even 
then that, as serious as that is—be-cause, if the Senate does not treat the Iranian agreement as the treaty it is, then the President’s already saying he 
is going to treat it as being approved— ratified is what that means. 
When our U.S. administration treats 
the Iranian agreement as ratified, then when our dear friend in the Middle East, Israel, defends itself, then the United States, under Commander in Chief Barack Obama, will have to be at war with Israel for defending them-selves against Iran continuing to move toward nuclear weapons. 
Now, it is possible, I don’t think it 
will happen, but it is possible that squeamish in Israel could win the day by saying—when we said ‘‘never again’’ all those years, we meant never again, except we are going to let Iran have nukes and let them nuke us once they have nuclear weapons. 
Other than the millions of Jews that 
may be killed with nuclear weapons Iran has, other than that, we mean never again, but I don’t think that is what a majority of Israelis are going to accept. 
I have such complete respect for 
Prime Minister Netanyahu—I disagree with him on issues; that is what friends often do. I don’t believe when Prime Minister Netanyahu has said never again, he meant never again after the Iranians nuke Israeli cities. They are going to have to do something. 
If the Senate, with the Republican 
majority, does not stand up and have a ratification vote on this treaty, the Iranian treaty, and in that vote, fail to get the two-thirds to concur, as our Constitution requires, then President Obama is going to go forward as if it were ratified; and the consequences in the Middle East and to the United States will be absolutely devastating. 
As bad as the leadership is in North 
Korea, they are not radical Islamists. The leaders in North Korea do not ad-vocate or at least haven’t been advo-cating suicide bombers. They haven’t been advocating that, if you die blow-ing up lots of innocent people in Israel or the United States, you go to para-dise. They don’t advocate that in North Korea. 
This is 10 times—many, many, many 
times worse than North Korea having nukes. This is something that would be written about in history books years from now. If the Republican majority in the Senate doesn’t stand up, it will be written that, when Iran got nuclear weapons—because the Republicans that were given the majority in the Senate, they were given the majority in the House, but they refused to use their majority to vote on ratification of what was clearly a treaty. 
As a result, the President was able to 
move forward as if it had been ratified. Iran got nuclear weapons, and millions of people died, and it changed the course of Western civilization forever. 
If they have their way, we are headed 
for a dark age with nukes leading the way, and that will be on our heads. The blood from all those lost lives, all of the murders, all of the bombings, all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.055 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6012 September 16, 2015 
those that occur with the tens of bil-
lions of dollars that the Obama admin-istration gives to Iran, all of those will not just be on President Obama’s head, they will be on all of our heads because America gave us the majority in the House and Senate, and we didn’t have the nerve to stop this horrendous, dis-astrous treaty with Iran. 
Mr. Speaker, I even made an offer. I 
asked if the House just pass my resolu-tion, which laid out this path for stop-ping this Iranian treaty, but it ended with the Senate calling a vote on rati-fication as a treaty the Iranian agree-ment is, and they fail to get two- thirds, then it can’t be enforced in any United States court or any court any-where around the world because our Constitution requires ratification, the Senate took the vote, and they did not ratify it. 
I said, if the Senate follows up the 
House and does that, I won’t run again. I know that will make a lot of people happy, especially those that I am mak-ing very angry tonight with what I have got to say. I know that there is a debate on, so probably most Repub-licans that are politically plugged in are watching the debate. 
I skipped some of the debate. I can-
not avoid taking the opportunity, at least one more time, to beg our Repub-licans in the Senate to stop this dis-aster to Western civilization so this chapter never has to be written about the demise of Western civilization going back to when the Senate refused to use their power to stop a horrendous treaty that gave to the biggest sup-porter of terrorism all of the instru-mentality, all of the money they need-ed to set Western civilization back 100 years. 
Here I am, Mr. Speaker. I promised 
you I wasn’t going to take 30 minutes, but I had to take the time to beg the Senate: Use your majority; 51 votes is all it takes. 
Yes, I know, I know, the President 
normally sends things over that get on the executive calendar, and that is when you vote on things for the Presi-dent. I get that. 
The President sent over this agree-
ment. Now, he didn’t call it a treaty, but you should recognize it is a treaty. You have got one of two ways to bring it to the floor. One is you can say it is part of the executive calendar. 
He sent it over to us, and under our 
own procedure, we set that for a vote, but it is a treaty, so we are treating it as a treaty, and it is made through the executive calendar. I get that. You can do that in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, they could. 
Or the other way is just to say: Look, 
the Constitution does not require that the President send us a treaty and say, Here is a treaty, now ratify it, for us to take a vote on a treaty on whether or not to ratify it. 
That is not in the Constitution. It is 
in the Senate rules. 
What does it take to suspend the 
Senate rules? It is 51 votes, and the Senate has that many votes that know 
how bad this deal is. 
b2030 
So either call it on the Executive 
Calendar because the President sub-mitted, or suspend both the calendar rule and the cloture rule with 51 votes and then bring it to the floor of the Senate for a vote where you won’t get the two-thirds needed to ratify it and we can all proclaim, ‘‘This Iranian treaty is dead.’’ Then we don’t risk de-fending Iran against our friend Israel in the beginning of a war that should never have to start. 
The alternative to this horrendous 
treaty is not war. As Michael Oren once said, the day Iran believes the United States is a credible threat to at-tack its nuclear facilities is the day they stop enriching uranium. And he is exactly right. I hope he doesn’t mind my saying that, but he was exactly right. 
War is not inevitable. It doesn’t need 
to be. We don’t need it. But if this Ira-nian treaty is not stopped by the Sen-ate, it is going to be a war that we don’t see coming—at least our leaders don’t—and millions die. It doesn’t have to happen. I hope and pray it won’t. I urge the Senate to do the right thing: Have a vote on ratification, stop the Iranian treaty, and then we can get a better deal. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 31 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2204 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 10 
o’clock and 4 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 348, RESPONSIBLY AND PRO-FESSIONALLY INVIGORATING DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 758, LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUC-TION ACT OF 2015 PROTECTION ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–261) on the resolution (H. Res. 420) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for im-proved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of en-vironmental documents for permitting determinations, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 758) to amend Rule 11 of the Fed-eral Rules of Civil Procedure to im-prove attorney accountability, and for other purposes; and providing for con-sideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House 
Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3134, DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD ACT OF 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3504, BORN-ALIVE ABOR-TION SURVIVORS PROTECTION ACT; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Ms. FOXX, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–262) on the resolution (H. Res. 421) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a mor-atorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc.; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mrs. W AGNER (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and for the bal-
ance of the week on account of the passing of her mother, Ruth Ann Trousdale. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 720. An act to improve intergovern-
mental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 10 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
NOTICE OF PROPOSED 
RULEMAKING 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE , 
Washington, DC, September 16, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the United States House of Rep-
resentatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Section 202(d) of the 
Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE7.056 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6013 September 16, 2015 
(CAA), 2 U.S.C. §1312(d), requires the Board 
of Directors of the Office of Compliance (‘‘the Board’’) to issue regulations imple-menting Section 202 of the CAA relating to sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (‘‘FMLA’’), 29 U.S.C. §§2611 through 2615, made applicable to the legislative branch by the CAA. 2 U.S.C. §1312(a)(1). 
Section 304(b)(1) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 
§1384(b)(1), requires that the Board issue a general notice of proposed rulemaking by transmitting ‘‘such notice to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent Pro Tempore of the Senate for publica-tion in the Congressional Record on the first day of which both Houses are in session fol-lowing such transmittal.’’ 
On behalf of the Board, I am hereby trans-
mitting the attached notice of proposed rule-making to the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives. I request that this notice be published in the House section of the Con-gressional Record on the first day on which both Houses are in session following receipt of this transmittal. In compliance with Sec-tion 304(b)(2) of the CAA, a comment period of 60 days after the publication of this notice of proposed rulemaking is being provided be-fore adoption of the rules. 
Any inquiries regarding this notice should 
be addressed to Barbara J. Sapin, Executive Director of the Office of Compliance, Room LA-200, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Washington, DC 20540; 202-724-9250. 
Sincerely, 
B
ARBARA L. C AMENS , 
Chair of the Board of Directors , 
Office of Compliance. 
FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE  
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE  
NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING (NPRM OR  
NOTICE) , AND REQUEST FOR COMMENTS FROM  
INTERESTED PARTIES . 
Modifications to the rights and protections 
under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), Notice of Proposed Rule-making, as required by 2 U.S.C. § 1331, Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended (CAA). 
Background: 
The purpose of this Notice is to propose 
modifications to the existing legislative branch FMLA substantive regulations under section 202 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. §1302 et seq.), which applies the rights and protections of sections 101 through 105 of the FMLA to cov-ered employees. These modifications are nec-essary in order to bring existing legislative branch FMLA regulations (adopted April 16, 1996) in line with recent statutory changes to the FMLA, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. 
What is the authority under the CAA for 
these proposed substantive regulations? 
Section 202(a) of the CAA provides that the 
rights and protections established by sec-tions 101 through 105 of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615) shall apply to covered employ-ees. 
Section 202(d)(1) and (2) of the CAA require 
that the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board), pursuant to section 1384 of the CAA, issue regulations imple-menting the rights and protections of the FMLA and that those regulations shall be ‘‘the same as substantive regulations pro-
mulgated by the Secretary of Labor to im-plement the statutory provisions referred to in the subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may deter-mine, for good cause shown . . . that a modi-fication of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The modifications to the regulations issued by the Board herein are on all matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regula-tions to be issued. Are there currently FMLA regulations in ef-
fect? 
Yes. On January 22, 1996, the OOC Board 
adopted and submitted for publication in the Congressional Record the original FMLA final regulations implementing section 202 of the CAA, which applies certain rights and protections of the FMLA. On April 15, 1996, pursuant to section 304(c) of the CAA, the House and the Senate passed resolutions ap-proving the final regulations. Specifically, the Senate passed S. Res. 242, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to the Senate and the employees of the Sen-
ate; the House passed H. Res. 400 providing for approval of the final regulations applica-ble to the House and the employees of the House; and the House and the Senate passed S. Con. Res. 51, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to employing of-fices and employees other than those offices and employees of the House and the Senate. After the Senate and the House passed these resolutions, the OOC Board formally issued the FMLA regulations on April 19, 1996. 
What does the FMLA provide? The FMLA entitles eligible employees of 
covered employers to take job-protected, un-paid leave, or to substitute appropriate ac-crued paid leave, for up to a total of 12 work-weeks in a 12-month period: for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter and to care for the newborn child; for the placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adop-tion or foster care; to care for the employee’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a seri-ous health condition; when the employee is unable to work due to the employee’s own serious health condition; or for any quali-fying exigency arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or par-ent is a military member on covered active duty (‘‘qualifying exigency leave’’). An eligi-ble employee may also take up to 26 work-weeks of FMLA leave during a ‘‘single 12- month period’’ to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness, when the employee is the spouse, son, daugh-ter, parent, or next of kin of the servicemem-ber. 
FMLA leave may be taken in a block, or 
under certain circumstances, intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule basis. In addi-tion to providing job-protected family and medical leave, employers must also maintain any preexisting group health plan coverage for an employee on FMLA-protected leave under the same conditions that would apply if the employee had not taken leave. 2 U.S.C. §1312(a)(1) (incorporating 29 U.S.C. §2614). Once the leave period is concluded, the em-ployer is required to restore the employee to the same or an equivalent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. Id. Under the FMLA statute, but not applica-
ble to the legislative branch, if an employee believes that his or her FMLA rights have been violated, the employee may file a com-plaint with the Department of Labor (DOL) or file a private lawsuit in federal or state court. Under the CAA, a covered employee of the legislative branch may be awarded dam-ages if the employing office has violated the employee’s FMLA rights. The employee is entitled to reimbursement for any monetary loss incurred, equitable relief as appropriate, interest, attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees, and court costs. Liquidated damages also may be awarded. See 29 U.S.C. §2617. 
What changes do the proposed amendments 
make? 
First, these proposed amendments add the 
military leave provisions of the FMLA en-acted under the National Defense Authoriza-tion Acts (NDAA) for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010 (Pub.L. 110–181, Div. A, Title V §§585(a)(2), (3)(A)–(D) and Pub.L. 111–84, Div. A, Title V §565(a)(1)(B) & (4)), which: extend 
the availability of FMLA leave to family members of the Regular Armed Forces for qualifying exigencies arising out of a servicemember’s deployment; define those deployments covered under these provisions; extend FMLA military caregiver leave for family members of current servicemembers to include an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty; and extend FMLA military caregiver leave to family members of certain veterans with serious in-juries or illnesses. This NPRM also sets forth a proposed revision to the regulation defin-ing ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule on the definition of spouse and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell, et al., 
v. Hodges, No. 14–556, 2015 WL 2473451 (U.S. 
June 26, 2015), which requires a state to li-cense a marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage be-tween two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and per-formed out-of-state. 
Why are these changes to the FMLA regula-
tions necessary? 
The CAA requires that the FMLA regula-
tions applicable to the legislative branch and promulgated by the OOC, be the same as sub-stantive regulations issued by the Secretary of Labor, unless good cause is shown for de-viation therefrom. On March 8, 2013, the DOL issued its Final Rule implementing its amended FMLA regulations (77 FR 8962), which provide for military caregiver leave for a veteran, qualifying exigency leave for parental care, and special leave calculations 
for flight crew employees. The OOC Board is required pursuant to the CAA to amend its regulations to achieve parity unless there is good cause shown to deviate from the DOL’s regulations. 
In addition, the FMLA amendments pro-
viding additional rights and protections for servicemembers and their families were en-acted into law by the NDAA for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010. The Congressional committee reports accompanying the bills containing these provisions do not comply with Section 102(b)(3) of the CAA in that, while the bills do contain sections relating ‘‘to terms and conditions of employment,’’ the accom-panying reports do not ‘‘describe the manner in which the provision of the bill [relating to terms and conditions of employment] . . . apply to the legislative branch’’ or ‘‘include a statement of the reasons the provision does not apply [to the legislative branch]’’ (in the case of a provision not applicable to the leg-islative branch). 2 U.S.C. §1302(3); House Committee on Armed Services, H.Rpt. 110– 146 (May 11, 2007), H.Rpt. 111–166 (June 18, 2009). Consequently, when the FMLA was amended to add these additional rights and protections, Congress failed to make clear its intent as to whether these additional rights and protections apply to the legisla-tive branch.
1Therefore, as there is no provi-
sion in the CAA that states that the CAA will be considered amended whenever the FMLA is amended, these proposed amend-ments to the regulations are necessary to re-solve any ambiguity regarding the applica-bility of the 2008 and 2010 FMLA amend-ments to the legislative branch by ensuring that protections under the CAA are in line with existing public and private sector pro-tections under the FMLA.
2Accordingly, 
while these regulations may technically re-quire employing offices to do more than what section 202 of the CAA currently re-quires, the Board recommends that Congress use its rulemaking authority to clarify that the rights and protections for legislative branch servicemembers and their families have been expanded in a manner consistent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6014 September 16, 2015 
with the 2008 and 2010 amendments to the 
FMLA. 
What do the military family leave provi-
sions provide? 
Section 585(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 
2008 amends the FMLA to provide leave to el-igible employees of covered employers to care for injured servicemembers and for any qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that a covered family member is on active duty or has been notified of an impending call to active duty status in support of a con-tingency operation (collectively referred to herein as ‘‘military family leave’’). The pro-visions of this amendment providing FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember became effective on January 28, 2008, when the law was enacted. The provisions of this amendment providing for FMLA leave due to a qualifying exigency arising out of a cov-ered family member’s active duty (or call to active duty) status were effective on Janu-ary 16, 2009. 
Section 565(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 
2010, enacted on October 28, 2009, amends the military family leave provisions of the FMLA. Pub. Law 111–84. The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA expands the availability of qualifying exigency leave and military caregiver leave. Qualifying exigency leave, which was made available to family members of the National Guard and Reserve components under the Fiscal Year 2008 NDAA, is expanded to in-clude family members of the Regular Armed Forces. The entitlement to qualifying exi-gency leave is expanded by substituting the term ‘‘covered active duty’’ for ‘‘active duty’’ and defining covered active duty for a member of the Regular Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country’’ and for a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the de-ployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a call or order to active duty under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(14). Prior to the Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amend-ments, there was no requirement that mem-bers of the National Guard and Reserves be deployed to a foreign country. 
The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amendments 
expand the definition of a serious injury or illness for military caregiver leave for cur-rent members of the Armed Forces to in-clude an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty. 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(A). These amendments also expand the military caregiver leave provisions of the FMLA to allow family members to take military care-giver leave to care for certain veterans. The definition of a ‘‘covered servicemember,’’ which is the term the Act uses to indicate the group of military members for whom military caregiver leave may be taken, is broadened to include a veteran with a seri-ous injury or illness who is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, if the veteran was a member of the Armed Forces at any time during the period of five years preceding the date of the medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy. 29 U.S.C. §2611(15)(B). The amendments define a seri-ous injury or illness for a veteran as a ‘‘qualifying (as defined by the Secretary of Labor) injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and that manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(B). 
What is the effect of amending the defini-
tion of ‘‘spouse’’? Amending the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ 
brings the regulations in line with the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell 
et al. v. Hodges . 
On February 25, 2015, the DOL published its 
Final Rule for 29 CFR 825 in the Federal Reg-ister, Vol. 80, No. 37, 9989. This Final Rule changed the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the United States Supreme Court’s decision in United States v. Windsor , 
which found section 3 of the Defense of Mar-riage Act (DOMA) to be unconstitutional. The DOL’s Final Rule amends the definition of spouse so that eligible employees in legal same-sex marriages will be able to take FMLA leave to care for their spouse or fam-ily member, regardless of where they live. 
Also, on June 26, 2015, the United States 
Supreme Court issued Obergefell et al. v. 
Hodges , which requires a state to license a 
marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed out-of- state. 
To date, the DOL has not indicated wheth-
er it plans to further amend the definition of spouse in light of the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell et al. v. Hodges . 
Therefore, the Board invites comment re-garding whether the Board should adopt the DOL’s current definition of spouse or revise the definition of spouse as the Board has pro-posed in sections 825.102 and 825.122. 
Minor editorial changes are proposed to 
sections 825.120, 825.121, 825.122, 825.127, 825.201 and 825.202 to make gender neutral ref-erences to husbands and wives, and mothers and fathers where appropriate so that they apply equally to opposite-sex and same-sex spouses. The OOC proposes using the terms ‘‘spouses’’ and ‘‘parents,’’ as appropriate, in these regulations. These editorial changes do not change the availability of FMLA leave but simply clarify its availability for all eli-gible employees who are legally married. 
Procedural Summary: 
How are substantive regulations proposed 
and approved under the CAA? 
Pursuant to section 304 of the CAA, 2 
U.S.C. §1384, the procedure for proposing and approving substantive regulations provides that: 
(1) the Board of Directors proposes sub-
stantive regulations and publishes a general notice of proposed rulemaking in the Con-gressional Record; 
(2) there be a comment period of at least 30 
days after the date of publication of the gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking; 
(3) after consideration of comments by the 
Board of Directors, the Board adopts regula-tions and transmits notice of such action (together with the regulations and a rec-ommendation regarding the method for Con-gressional approval of the regulations) to the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate for publication in the Congressional Record; 
(4) there be committee referral and action 
on the proposed regulations by resolution in each House, concurrent resolution, or by joint resolution; and 
(5) there be final publication of the ap-
proved regulations in the Congressional Record, with an effective date prescribed in the final publication. 
For more detail, please reference the text 
of 2 U.S.C. §1384. This Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is step (1) of the outline set forth above. 
What is the approach taken by these pro-
posed substantive regulations? 
The Board will follow the procedures as 
enumerated above and as required by stat-ute. The Board will review and respond to any comments received under step (2) of the 
outline above, and make any changes nec-essary to ensure that the regulations fully implement section 210 of the CAA and reflect the practices and policies particular to the legislative branch. 
Are there substantive differences in the 
proposed regulations for the House of Rep-resentatives, the Senate and other employing offices? 
No. The Board of Directors has identified 
no ‘‘good cause’’ for varying the text of these regulations. Therefore, if these regulations are approved as proposed, there will be one text applicable to all employing offices and covered employees. See 2 U.S.C. §1331(e)(2). 
Are these proposed regulations also rec-
ommended by the Office of Compliance’s Ex-ecutive Director, the Deputy Executive Direc-tor for the Senate, and the Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives? 
As required by section 304(b)(1) of the CAA, 
2 U.S.C. §1384(b)(1), the substance of these regulations is also recommended by the Ex-ecutive Director, the Deputy Executive Di-rector for the Senate and the Deputy Execu-tive Director for the House of Representa-tives. 
Are these proposed substantive regulations 
available to persons with disabilities in an al-ternate format? 
This Notice of Proposed Regulations is 
available on the OOC’s web site, www.compliance.gov, which is compliant with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §794(d). This No-tice can also be made available in large print or Braille. Requests for this Notice in an al-ternative format should be made to: Annie Leftwood, Executive Assistant, Office of Compliance, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Room LA– 200, Washington, D.C. 20540; 202–724–9250; TDD: 202–426–1912; FAX: 202–426–1913. 
60-DAY COMMENT PERIOD REGARDING 
THE PROPOSED REGULATIONS 
How long do I have to submit comments re-
garding the proposed regulations? 
Comments regarding the OOC’s proposed 
regulations set forth in this Notice are in-vited for a period of sixty (60) days following the date of the appearance of this Notice in the Congressional Record. 
How do I submit comments? Comments must be made in writing to the 
Executive Director, Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Room LA–200, Wash-ington, D.C. 20540–1999. Those wishing to re-ceive confirmation of the receipt of their comments are requested to provide a self-ad-dressed, stamped post card with their sub-mission. It is requested, but not required, that an electronic version of any comments be provided either on an accompanying com-puter disk or e-mailed to the OOC via its web site. Comments may also be submitted by facsimile to the Executive Director at 202– 426–1913 (a non-toll-free number). 
Am I allowed to view copies of comments 
submitted by others? 
Yes. Copies of submitted comments will be 
available for review on the OOC’s web site at www.compliance.gov, and at the Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Wash-ington, D.C. 20540–1999, on Monday through Friday (non-federal holidays) between the hours of 9:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. 
Summary: 
The Congressional Accountability Act of 
1995 (CAA), PL 104–1, was enacted into law on January 23, 1995. The CAA, as amended, ap-plies the rights and protections of thirteen federal labor and employment statutes to covered employees and employing offices within the legislative branch of the federal government. Section 202 of the CAA applies to employees covered by the CAA, the rights and protections established by sections 101 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6015 September 16, 2015 
through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave 
Act of 1993 (FMLA), 29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615. The above provisions of section 202 became effec-tive on January 1, 1997. 2 U.S.C. §1312. 
The Board of Directors of the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) is now publishing pro-posed amended regulations to implement section 202 of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §§1301–1438, as applied to covered employees of the House of Representatives, the Senate, and certain Congressional instrumentalities listed below. 
The purpose of these amended regulations 
is to implement section 202 of the CAA. In this Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM or Notice) the Board proposes that virtually identical regulations be adopted for the Sen-ate, the House of Representatives, and the six Congressional instrumentalities. Accord-ingly: 
(1) Senate . It is proposed that the amended 
regulations as described in this Notice be in-cluded in the body of regulations that shall apply to entities within the Senate, and this proposal regarding the Senate entities is rec-ommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the Senate. 
(2) House of Representatives . It is further 
proposed that the amended regulations as de-scribed in this Notice be included in the body of regulations that shall apply to entities within the House of Representatives, and this proposal regarding the House of Rep-resentatives entities is recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives. 
(3) Certain Congressional instrumentalities . It 
is further proposed that the amended regula-tions as described in this Notice be included in the body of regulations that shall apply to the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, the Capitol Police, the Congres-sional Budget Office, the Office of the Archi-tect of the Capitol (including the Botanic Garden), the Office of the Attending Physi-cian, and the Office of Compliance; and this proposal regarding these six Congressional instrumentalities is recommended by the OOC’s Executive Director. 
Dates: Comments are due within 60 days 
after the date of publication of this Notice in the Congressional Record. 
Section-by-Section Discussion of Proposed 
Changes to the FMLA Regulations 
The following is a section-by-section dis-
cussion of the proposed revisions. Where a change is proposed to a regulatory section, that section is discussed below. However, as the DOL has significantly reorganized its FMLA regulations, which the OOC’s pro-posed regulations mirror, many of the sec-tions are moved into other areas of the sub-part. The OOC as a result will use the pro-posed section and numbers to provide expla-nation and analysis of changes. In addition, even if a section is not discussed, there may be minor editorial changes or corrections that do not warrant discussion. The titles to each section of the existing regulations are in the form of a question. The proposal would reword each question into the more common format of a descriptive title, and the OOC invites comments on whether this change is helpful. In addition, several sec-tions have been restructured and reorganized to improve the accessibility of the informa-tion ( e.g., guidance on leave for pregnancy 
and birth of a child is addressed in one con-solidated section; an employing office’s no-tice obligations are combined in one sec-tion). 
Section by Section Discussion 
Subpart A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-
ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
Section 825.102 Definitions. 
For the reasons stated below, the Board 
finds good cause to depart from the DOL reg-ulations with respect to some of the defini-
tions. For example, the term ‘‘Act’’ as de-fined in the DOL regulations and referring to the FMLA can be confused with the Congres-sional Accountability Act (CAA). Accord-ingly, the definition of ‘‘Act’’ is excluded from the Board’s proposed regulations. In ad-dition, to avoid any confusion, the definition for ‘‘Administrator’’ in the DOL regulations has been deleted. Similarly, as there is no airline flight crew covered under the CAA, the definition of ‘‘airline flight crew em-ployee’’ has been deleted in the Board’s pro-posed regulations as have all references to ‘‘airline flight crew employee.’’ 
Because the DOL definitions of ‘‘commerce 
and industry or activity affecting com-merce’’ and ‘‘applicable monthly guarantee’’ involve concepts that do not apply to em-ploying offices covered by the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude these defi-nitions from the proposed regulations. 
Because the DOL’s definition of ‘‘eligible 
employee’’ (paragraphs ii(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) in sec-tion 825.102) is not consistent with the defini-tion of ‘‘eligible employee’’ in CAA section 202(a)(2)(B), the Board finds good cause to keep the definition of ‘‘employee’’ that is used in the current version of the OOC FMLA regulations and to exclude the defini-tion in the DOL regulation. 
Likewise, because the definition of ‘‘em-
ployer’’ in CAA section 202(a)(2)(A) is incon-sistent with the definition in the DOL regu-lations, the Board finds good cause to keep the definition of ‘‘employing office’’ found in the current regulations. 
In the paragraphs defining ‘‘health care 
provider,’’ to avoid confusion, the Board is substituting ‘‘the Secretary’’ with ‘‘the De-partment of Labor.’’ Thus, the OOC FMLA regulations include in the definition of ‘‘health care provider’’ as ‘‘any other person determined by the Department of Labor to be 
capable of providing health care services.’’ 825.102(1)(ii) (emphasis added). 
Because these terms are not applicable to 
employing offices covered by the CAA, the Board has also found good cause to exclude from the proposed OOC regulations the DOL definitions of ‘‘person’’ and ‘‘public agency.’’ 
Under the paragraph defining ‘‘physical or 
mental disability,’’ the Board has replaced the language from the DOL regulations indi-cating that 29 CFR part 1630 defines these 
terms with language that states that regula-tions at 29 CFR part 1630 issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq ., as amended, provide 
guidance to these terms. (Italics added). 
The Board is proposing to adopt the fol-
lowing definition of ‘‘spouse’’: 
Spouse means a husband or wife. For pur-
poses of this definition, husband or wife re-fers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex marriage. This defini-tion also includes an individual in a common law marriage that either: (1) was entered into in a State that recognizes such mar-riages or, (2) if entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
Section 825.105 Counting employees for de-
termining coverage. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
will remain reserved in the OOC’s regula-tions. 
Section 825.106 Joint Employer Coverage. 
As joint employment relationships are 
treated differently under the CAA than by the DOL, the Board finds good cause to keep the language in the current OOC regulations in paragraphs (b) through (e) of this section. Also, as it is not applicable under the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude from 
its definitions language relating to Profes-sional Employer Organizations (PEOs) as joint employers. As the DOL has noted, PEOs contract with private small businesses to provide services that large businesses can af-ford, but small businesses cannot, such as compliance with government standards, em-ployer liability management, retirement benefits, and other employment benefits. Congress already provides these services for its employees. 
Sections 825.107–825.109 Successor in interest 
coverage; Public agency coverage; Fed-eral agency coverage. 
These sections do not apply to the CAA 
and will remain reserved in the OOC’s regu-lations. However, the Board invites comment with respect to whether the DOL section 825.107, Successor in interest coverage, should be adopted for the legislative branch. 
Section 825.110 Eligible employee. 
The Board sees good cause to exclude from 
this section the following language from the DOL regulations, which is not applicable to the CAA: 
‘‘(3) Is employed at a worksite where 50 or 
more employees are employed by the em-ployer within 75 miles of that worksite. ( See 
§825.105(b) regarding employees who work outside the U.S.)’’ 
Similarly, the Board sees good cause to ex-
clude from the OOC regulations the following paragraph: 
‘‘(e) Whether 50 employees are employed 
within 75 miles to ascertain an employee’s eligibility for FMLA benefits is determined when the employee gives notice of the need for leave. Whether the leave is to be taken at one time or on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, once an employee is de-termined eligible in response to that notice of the need for leave, the employee’s eligi-bility is not affected by any subsequent change in the number of employees em-ployed at or within 75 miles of the employ-ee’s worksite, for that specific notice of the need for leave. Similarly, an employer may not terminate employee leave that has al-ready started if the employee-count drops below 50. For example, if an employer em-ploys 60 employees in August, but expects that the number of employees will drop to 40 in December, the employer must grant FMLA benefits to an otherwise eligible em-ployee who gives notice of the need for leave in August.’’ 
Section 825.111 Determining whether 50 em-
ployees are employed within 75 miles. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. 
Section 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 
References in the DOL’s regulations to 
state law in this section and other sections throughout the DOL’s regulations have not been adopted by the Board because state law does not apply to the legislative branch. 
Further, in this section and other sections 
throughout the DOL regulations, any ref-erences to spouses who are employed at two different worksites of an employer located more than 75 miles from each other have not been adopted by the Board because such sce-narios are not applicable to the legislative branch. 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-
MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT 
Section 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 
Although the DOL amended its FMLA reg-
ulations to add computer employees to the 
list of exempt employees who do not lose their FLSA exempt status despite being pro-vided unpaid FMLA leave, the Board finds good cause not to include ‘‘computer em-ployees’’ to the list of employees who may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6016 September 16, 2015 
qualify as exempt from the overtime and 
minimum wage requirements of the FLSA. In light of the fact that the Board’s Sep-tember 29, 2004 Proposed Regulations imple-menting exemptions from the overtime pay requirements under the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938 (FLSA) were never enacted into law and the existing OOC FLSA Regula-tions do not include exemptions for com-puter employees, the OOC’s FMLA regula-tions should not include these employees in this section. The Board specifically seeks comments to this departure from the DOL regulations. 
Further, any references in this section and 
other sections throughout the DOL regula-tions which place limitations on an em-ployee who works for an employing office with fewer than 50 employees have not been adopted by the Board because such limita-tions do not apply to the legislative branch. See 825.111. 
Section 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 
The DOL regulations under section 
825.207(f) permit an employer to require that an employee’s use of paid compensatory time for a FMLA reason can be used against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
As the Board does not know whether or 
under what circumstances, employing offices currently allow or require that paid compen-satory time be used for a FMLA reason and be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement, the Board proposes that the comparable OOC FMLA regulation read as follows: 
Under the FLSA, an employing office al-
ways has the right to cash out an employee’s compensatory time or to require the em-ployee to use the time. Therefore, if an em-ployee requests and is permitted to use ac-crued compensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 
The Board seeks comments from interested 
parties as to whether such a provision is ap-propriate for the legislative branch. 
Section 825.209 Maintenance of employee 
benefits. 
The Board has changed what it believes to 
be a typographical error in the DOL regula-tions and cross references this section with section 825.102 and not section 825.800 when referring to the definition of ‘‘group health plan.’’ 
Section 825.215 Equivalent position. 
Any references from the DOL regulations 
in this section and other sections to the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) have not been adopted by the Board because ERISA does not apply to the legisla-tive branch. 
Section 825.216 Limitations on employee’s 
right to reinstatement. 
The Board questions whether the following 
language in section 825.216(a)(3) of the DOL regulations applies to the legislative branch: ‘‘On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work on a contract, and after that contract period the contract was award-ed to another contractor, the successor con-tractor may be required to restore the em-ployee if it is a successor employer. See 
§825.107.’’ 
The Board proposes that the OOC regula-
tions contain the following language and re-quests comments from interested parties, es-pecially with respect to caucus or committee employees: ‘‘On the other hand, if an em-ployee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a project for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the same employee was assigned to work at another employing office on the 
same project, the successor employing office may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office.’’ 
Section 825.217 Key employee, general rule. 
For the reasons stated above, the Board 
finds good cause not to follow the DOL changes to section 825.217(b) which exempts computer employees from the minimum wage and overtime requirements of the FLSA. As the language in the FLSA is in-consistent with the OOC FLSA regulations, the Board believes that this exemption should not be included. The Board requests comments from interested parties on this de-letion. 
Section 825.220 Protection for employees who 
request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
Except for the paragraph related to settle-
ments, as noted below, the Board proposes to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.220 provides protec-tion for employees who request leave or oth-erwise assert FMLA rights and includes new language discussing remedies when an em-ploying office interferes with an employee’s rights under the FMLA. This section further clarifies that the prohibition against inter-ference includes prohibitions against retalia-tion as well as discrimination. The Board be-lieves that there is good cause to make changes to the DOL’s clarification of the set-tlement provision in paragraph (d) of this section. Sections 1414 and 1415 of the CAA govern awards and settlements made as a re-sult of parties proceeding through an OOC process. While the Board recognizes that par-ties will now have the right to settle or re-lease FMLA claims without the approval of the OOC or a court, parties seeking to re-lease claims which were raised in an OOC process pursuant to CAA sections 1414 and 1415 must still comply with those provisions. Therefore, the Board proposes to insert the following language: ‘‘Except for settlement agreements covered by 1414 and/or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the ap-proval of the Office of Compliance or a court.’’ 
Subpart C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA. 
Section 825.300 Employing office notice re-
quirements. 
The Board proposes to follow the DOL reg-
ulations insofar as they consolidate the em-ploying office notice requirements from sec-tions 825.300, 825.301, 825.110 and 825.208 into one comprehensive section addressing an em-ploying office’s notice obligations. However, the Board finds good cause not to adopt the DOL regulations in section 825.300(a) General notice, but instead to keep the requirements found in the current OOC regulations under section 825.301(a). The DOL regulations, at section 825.300(a), address the requirement that employing offices post a notice on em-ployee rights and responsibilities under the law and the civil monetary penalty provision in the law for employing offices who will-fully violate the posting requirement. In 1995, while developing the current FMLA reg-ulations, the OOC Board determined that ‘‘while the CAA incorporates certain specific sections of the FMLA, the CAA explicitly did not incorporate the notice posting and rec-ordkeeping requirements of sections 109 and 106(b) of the FMLA. For the reasons dis-cussed with respect to the FLSA, as the CAA has not incorporated the notice posting and recordkeeping requirements of the FMLA, the Board will not do so.’’ As a result, we 
find no authority that would require employ-ing offices covered under the CAA to provide notice postings of employees’ FMLA rights in the workplace. See November 28, 1995 OOC 
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking S17628. As to the remainder of the paragraphs in this sec-tion, the Board finds no reason to depart from the amendments adopted by the DOL. 
The Board proposes to adopt section 825.300 
regarding the eligibility notice (825.300(b)); the rights and responsibility notice (825.300(c)); the designation notice (825.300(d)); and the consequences of failing to provide notice (825.300(e)). 
(b) Eligibility notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. The Board also proposes to adopt the DOL regulations consolidating existing eligibility notice requirements in current sections 825.110 and 825.301 into one section, section 825.300(b) of the OOC regulations and to strengthen and clarify them. For example, section 825.300(b)(1) of the DOL regulations requires an employer to advise an employee of his or her eligibility status when the em-ployee requests leave under the FMLA. The regulations extend the time frame for an em-ployer to respond to an employee’s request for FMLA leave from two business days to five business days. Further, the DOL regula-tions in section 825.300(b)(2) specify what in-formation an employer must convey to an employee as to eligibility status. The Board also proposes in its regulations that an em-ploying office must provide reasons to an employee if he or she is not eligible for FMLA leave, as do the DOL regulations. The regulations limit that notification to any one of the potential reasons why an em-ployee fails to meet the eligibility require-ments. 
Further, the proposed OOC regulations re-
quire employing offices to include in the eli-gibility notice an explanation of conditions applicable to the use of paid leave that runs concurrently with unpaid FMLA. While this requirement is in the current regulations, it is expanded to require that employing offices also notify employees of their continuing en-titlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if they do not comply with an employing office’s re-quired conditions for use of paid leave. 
(c) Rights and responsibilities notice. 
The Board is following the DOL regula-
tions separating the notice of rights and re-sponsibilities from the notice of eligibility. Accordingly, if the employee is eligible for FMLA leave, section 825.300(c) of the OOC regulations require the employing office to provide the employee with specific notice of his or her rights and obligations under the law and the consequences of failing to meet those obligations. 
To simplify the timing of the notice of 
rights and responsibilities and to avoid un-necessary administrative burden on employ-ing offices, section 825.300(c)(1) of the Board’s proposed regulations requires employing of-fices to provide this notice to employees at the same time they provide the eligibility notice. Additionally, if the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, section 825.300(c) requires the em-ploying office to notify the employee of any changes within five business days of the first notice of the need for FMLA leave subse-quent to any change. This timing require-ment will ensure that employees receive timely notice of the expectations and obliga-tions associated with their FMLA leave each leave year and also receive prompt notice of any change in those rights or responsibilities when leave is needed during the leave year. 
In this section, employing offices are re-
quired to notify employees of the method used for establishing the 12-month period for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6017 September 16, 2015 
FMLA entitlement, or, in the case of mili-
tary caregiver leave, the start date of the ‘‘single 12-month period.’’ 
Employing offices are not, however, re-
quired to provide the certification form with the notice of rights and responsibilities. No-tice of any changes in the rights and respon-sibilities notice must be provided within five business days of the first notice of an em-ployee’s need for leave subsequent to any change. Electronic distribution of the notice of rights and responsibilities is allowed, so long as the employing office can dem-onstrate that the employee (who may al-
ready be on leave and who may not have ac-cess to employing office-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. 
(d) Designation notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this require-ment. Section 825.300(d) outlines the require-ments of the designation notice an employ-ing office must provide to an employee. Once the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave qualifies as FMLA leave, the employing office must no-tify the employee within five business days of making the determination whether the leave has or has not been designated as FMLA leave. This is an increase from the two-day time frame in the current OOC regu-lations. Further, only one designation notice is required for each FMLA-qualifying reason per leave year, regardless of whether the leave is taken as a continuous block of leave or on an intermittent or reduced leave sched-ule basis. 
Further, the employing office must inform 
the employee of the number of hours that would be designated as FMLA leave, only upon employee request and no more often than every 30 days if FMLA leave was taken during that period. To the extent it is not possible to provide such information (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), the employing office is required to provide such information to the employee every 30 days if the employee took leave dur-ing the 30-day period. The employing office is permitted to notify the employee of the hours counted against the FMLA leave enti-tlement orally and follow up with written notification on a pay stub at the next payday (unless the next payday is in less than one week, in which case the notice must be no later than the subsequent payday). If the em-ploying office requires that paid leave be substituted for unpaid leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employing office must inform the employee of this designa-tion at the time the leave is designated as FMLA leave. 
Although the designation notice has to be 
in writing, it may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub, and if the leave is not designated as FMLA leave, the notice to the employee may be in the form of a simple written statement. Employ-ing offices can provide an employee with both the eligibility and designation notice at the same time in cases where the employing office has adequate information to designate leave as FMLA leave when an employee re-quests the leave. 
Employing offices must provide written 
notice of any requirement for a fitness-for- duty certification, including whether the fit-ness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position and, if so, to provide a list of the essential functions of the employee’s position with the designa-tion notice. If the employee handbook or other written documents clearly provides that a fitness-for-duty certificate will be re-quired, written notice is not required, but oral notice must be provided. Finally, the employing office is required to 
notify the employee if the information pro-vided in the designation notice changes. For example, if an employee exhausts his or her FMLA leave entitlement and the leave will no longer be designated as FMLA leave, the employing office must provide the employee with written notice of this change consistent with this section. 
(e) Consequences of failing to provide notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.300(e) clarifies that failure to comply with the notice requirements set forth in this section could constitute inter-ference with, restraint of, or denial of the use of FMLA leave. The Board proposes that the following language be included in the OOC regulations: 
Consequences of failing to provide notice. 
Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered See 825.400(c). 
Section 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.301 addresses an employing of-fice’s obligations regarding timely designa-tion of leave as FMLA-qualifying and reiter-ates the requirement to notify the employee of the designation within five business days. Among other things, this section requires that the employing office’s designation deci-sion be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s rep-resentative and also provides that, if the em-ploying office does not have sufficient infor-mation about the employee’s reason for leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or of the employee’s spokesperson. 
Section 825.302 Employee notice require-
ments for foreseeable FMLA leave. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. In general, Section 825.302 addresses an employ-ee’s obligation to provide notice of the need for foreseeable FMLA leave. This includes requiring an employee to give at least 30 days notice when the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance or ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ if leave is foreseeable but 30 days notice is not practicable. In such cases, employees must respond to requests from employing offices to explain why it was not possible to give 30 days notice. Further, the language in this section defines ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ to be ‘‘as soon as both pos-sible and practical, taking into account all of the facts and circumstances in the indi-vidual case.’’ This is a change from defining ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ as ‘‘ordinarily with-in one or two business days.’’ 
Further, when an employee seeks leave for 
the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA but must provide: sufficient information that in-dicates that a condition renders the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of the job, or if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family mem-ber unable to perform daily activities; the anticipated duration of the absence; and whether the employee or the employee’s family member intends to visit a health care provider or has a condition for which the em-ployee or the employee’s family member is 
under the continuing care of a health care provider. The regulations set forth the types of information that an employee may have to provide in order to put an employing of-
fice on notice of the employee’s need for FMLA-protected leave. Rather than estab-lish a list of information that must be pro-vided in all cases, the regulations provide ad-ditional guidance to employees so that they would know what information to provide to their employing offices. The nature of the in-formation necessary to put the employing of-fice on notice of the need for FMLA leave will vary depending on the circumstances. 
Employees seeking leave for previously 
certified FMLA leave must inform the em-ploying office that the leave is for a condi-tion, covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency that was previously certified or for which the em-ployee has previously taken FMLA leave. 
While an employee must still comply with 
the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements for calling in absences and requesting leave, under the new regula-tions, language stating that an employing office cannot delay or deny FMLA leave if an employee fails to follow such procedures has been deleted. However, employing offices may need to inquire further to determine for which reason the leave is being taken, and employees will be required to respond to such inquiries. 
Additionally, the regulations make clear 
that the requirement that an employee and employing office attempt to work out a schedule without unduly disrupting the em-ploying office’s operations applies only to military caregiver leave. It does not apply to qualifying exigency leave. 
Section 825.303 Employee notice require-
ments for unforeseeable FMLA leave 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.303 addresses an employee’s obli-gation to provide notice when the need for FMLA leave is unforeseeable. Section 825.303 retains the current standard that employees must provide notice of their need for unfore-seeable leave ‘‘as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the particular case,’’ but instead of expecting employees to give notice ‘‘within no more than one or two working days of learning of the need for leave,’’ in ‘‘unusual circumstances,’’ notice should be provided within the time pre-scribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applicable to such leave. Section 825.303 also retains the current standard that employees need not assert their rights under the FMLA or even mention the FMLA to put employing offices on notice of the need for unforeseeable FMLA leave, but adds the same language used in proposed section 825.302 clarifying what information must be provided in order to give sufficient notice to the employing of-fice of the need for FMLA leave. New regula-tions in section 825.303 add that the em-ployee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to de-termine whether leave is FMLA-qualifying, explaining that calling in ‘‘sick,’’ without providing additional information, will not be sufficient notice. 
Section 825.304 Employee failure to provide 
notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.304 follows the DOL’s reorganiza-tion of the rules that are applicable to leave foreseeable at least 30 days in advance, leave foreseeable less than 30 days in advance, and unforeseeable leave. This section retains lan-guage that FMLA leave cannot be delayed due to lack of required employee notice if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6018 September 16, 2015 
the employing office has not complied with 
its notice requirements. 
Section 825.305 Certification, general rule. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Under the FMLA, as applied under the CAA, employing offices are permitted to require 
that employees provide a certification from their health care provider (or their family member’s health care provider, as appro-priate) to support the need for leave due to a serious health condition. Section 825.305 sets forth the general rules governing em-ploying office requests for medical certifi-cation to substantiate an employee’s need for FMLA leave due to a serious health con-dition. Military family leave provisions have been added to permit employing offices to re-quire employees to provide a certification in the case of leave taken for a qualifying exi-gency or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Section 825.305 applies generally to all types of cer-tification. In most cases, for example, former references to ‘‘medical certification’’ have been changed to ‘‘certification.’’ 
In section 825.305, the employing office 
should request that an employee furnish cer-tification from a health care provider at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days there-after, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. This time frame has been in-creased from two to five business days after notice of the need for FMLA leave is pro-vided. Further, the employing office may re-quest certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its dura-tion. This section also adds a 15-day time pe-riod for providing a requested certification to all cases. 
Definitions of incomplete and insufficient 
certifications have been added in this sec-tion, as well as a procedure for curing an in-complete or insufficient certification. This procedure requires that an employing office notify the employee in writing as to what additional information is necessary for the medical certification and provides seven cal-endar days in which the employee must pro-vide the additional information. If an em-ployee fails to submit a complete and suffi-cient certification, despite the opportunity to cure the deficiency, the employing office may deny the request for FMLA leave. 
Section 825.305 also deletes an earlier pro-
vision that if a less stringent medical certifi-cation standard applies under the employing office’s sick leave plan, only that lesser standard may be required when the employee substitutes any form of paid leave for FMLA leave and replaces it with a provision allow-ing employing offices to require a new cer-tification on an annual basis for conditions lasting beyond a single leave year. 
Section 825.306 Content of medical certifi-
cation for leave taken because of an em-ployee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.306 addresses the information an employing office can require in the medical certification to substantiate the existence of a serious health condition (of the employee or a family member) and the employee’s need for leave due to the condition, and adds: the health care provider’s specialization; guidance as to what may constitute appro-priate medical facts, including that a health care provider may provide a diagnosis; and whether intermittent or reduced schedule leave is medically necessary. Section 825.306 clarifies that where a serious health condi-tion may also be a disability, employing of-
fices are not prevented from following the procedures under the Americans with Dis-abilities Act (ADA), as applied under the CAA, for requesting medical information. Section 825.306 also contains new language that employing offices may not require em-ployees to sign a release of their medical in-formation as a condition of taking FMLA leave. 
This section does not apply to the military 
family leave provisions. The Board’s pro-posed regulations have revised the current optional certification form into two separate 
optional forms, one for the employee’s own serious health condition and one for the seri-ous health condition of a covered family member. 
Section 825.307 Authentication and clarifica-
tion of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL’s 
amendments covered under this section. Sec-tion 825.307 addresses the employing office’s ability to clarify or authenticate a complete and sufficient FMLA certification. Section 825.307 defines the terms ‘‘authentication’’ and ‘‘clarification.’’ ‘‘Authentication’’ in-volves providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and request-ing verification that the information on the form was completed and/or authorized by the provider. The regulations add that no addi-tional medical information may be requested and the employee’s permission is not re-quired. In contrast, ‘‘clarification’’ involves contacting the employee’s health care pro-vider in order to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. As is the case with authentication, no additional informa-tion beyond that included in the certifi-cation form may be requested. Any contact with the employee’s health care provider must comply with the requirements of the HIPAA Privacy Rule. 
It is no longer necessary that the employ-
ing office utilize a health care provider to make the contact with the employee’s health care provider, but the regulations do clarify who may contact the employee’s health care provider and ensure that the employee’s di-rect supervisor is not the point of contact. Employee consent to the contact is no longer required. However, before the employing of-fice contacts the employee’s health care pro-vider for clarification or authentication of the FMLA certification, the employee must first be given an opportunity to cure any de-ficiencies in the certification. Section 825.307 also provides requirements for an employing office’s request for a second opinion, and adds language requiring the employee or the employee’s family member to authorize his or her health care provider to release rel-evant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if such in-formation is requested by the second opinion health care provider. Section 825.307 also in-creases the number of days the employing of-fice has to provide an employee with a re-quested copy of a second or third opinion from two to five business days. This section of the regulations does not apply to the mili-tary family leave provisions. 
Section 825.308 Recertifications for leave 
taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments covered in this section. Section 825.308 of the regulations addresses the em-ploying office’s ability to seek recertifi-cation of an employee’s medical condition. This section has been reorganized to clarify 
how often employing offices may seek recer-tification in situations where the minimum duration of the condition, as opposed to the duration of the period of incapacity, exceeds 30 days. Thus, an employing office may re-quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless the medical certification indicates that the minimum du-ration of the condition is more than 30 days, then an employing office must wait until that minimum duration expires before re-questing a recertification. In all cases, an employing office may request a recertifi-cation of a medical condition every six months in connection with an absence by the employee. An employing office may request recertification in less than 30 days if, among other things, the employee requests an ex-tension of leave or circumstances described by the previous certification change signifi-cantly. This section clarifies that an employ-ing office may request the same information on recertification as required for the initial certification and the employee has the same obligation to cooperate in providing recer-tification as he or she does in providing the initial certification. 
Section 825.309 Certification for leave taken 
because of a qualifying exigency. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL’s 
regulations under this section. Under the military family leave provisions of the DOL regulations, an employing office may require that leave taken because of a qualifying exi-gency be supported by a certification and re-quire that the employee provide a copy of the covered military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered military member is on active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to active duty) in support of a contingency op-eration, as well as the dates of the covered military member’s active duty service. While a form requesting this basic information may be used by the employing office, no in-formation may be required beyond that spec-ified in this section and in all instances the information on the form must relate only to the qualifying exigency for which the cur-rent need for leave exists. Section 825.309 also establishes the verification process for certifications. 
This section also provides that the infor-
mation required in a certification need only be provided to the employing office the first time an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency arising out of a par-ticular active duty or call to active duty of a covered military member. While additional information may be needed to provide cer-tification for subsequent requests for exi-gency leave, an employee is only required to give a copy of the active duty orders to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military only needs to be provided to the employing office if the need for leave be-
cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different active duty or call to active duty order of the same or a different covered mili-tary member. See DOL (Form WH–384) and 
OOC regulations proposed Form E. 
An employing office may contact an appro-
priate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a covered military member has been called to active duty status (or notified of an impending call to active duty status) in support of a contingency op-eration. Again, no additional information may be requested by the employing office and the employee’s permission is not re-quired. This verification process will protect employees from unnecessary intrusion while still providing a useful tool for employing of-fices to verify the certification information given to them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6019 September 16, 2015 
Consistent with the amendments to sec-
tion 825.126(b)(6), with respect to Rest and Recuperation qualifying exigency leave, the employing office is permitted to request a copy of the military member’s Rest and Re-
cuperation orders, or other documentation issued by the military indicating that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuperation leave, as well as the dates of the leave, in order to determine the employ-ee’s specific qualifying exigency leave period available for Rest and Recuperation. Em-ploying offices may also contact the appro-priate unit of the DOD to verify that the military member is on active duty or call to active duty status. The employee’s permis-sion is not required to conduct such verifications. The employing office may not, however, request any additional information. 
Section 825.310 Certification for leave taken 
to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. While the military family leave provisions of the NDAA amended the FMLA’s certification requirements to permit an employer to request certification for leave taken to care for a covered service-member, the FMLA’s existing certification requirements focus on providing information related to a serious health condition—a term that is not necessarily relevant to leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. At the same time, the military family leave provisions of the NDAA do not explicitly re-quire that a sufficient certification for pur-poses of military caregiver leave provide rel-evant information regarding the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Section 825.310 of the DOL’s regulations pro-vide that when leave is taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employer may require an em-ployee to support his or her request for leave with a sufficient certification. An employer may require that certain necessary informa-tion to support the request for leave be sup-ported by a certification from one of the fol-lowing authorized health care providers: (1) A DOD health care provider; (2) a VA health care provider; (3) a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; or (4) a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private health care provider. Sections 825.310(b)–(c) of the DOL regulations set forth the information an employing office may re-quest from an employee (or the authorized health care provider) in order to support the employee’s request for leave. The DOL devel-oped a new optional form, Form WH–385, which the Board adopted for proposed OOC Form F. The Board agrees that OOC Form F may be used to obtain appropriate informa-tion to support an employee’s request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. However, an employing office may use any form con-taining the following basic information: (1) whether the servicemember has incurred a serious injury or illness; (2) whether the in-jury or illness may render the servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank, or rating; (3) whether the injury or illness was incurred by the member in line of duty on active duty; and (4) whether the servicemember is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise on outpatient sta-tus, or is otherwise on the temporary dis-ability retired list. However, as is the case for any required certification for leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified above. In all in-stances, the information on any required cer-tification must relate only to the serious in-jury or illness for which the current need for 
leave exists. 
Additionally, section 825.310 of the pro-
posed OOC regulations provides that an em-ploying office requiring an employee to sub-mit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must accept as suffi-cient certification ‘‘invitational travel or-ders’’ (ITOs) or ‘‘invitational travel author-izations’’ (ITAs) issued by the DOD for a family member to join an injured or ill serv-icemember at his or her bedside. If an em-ployee will need leave to care for a covered servicemember beyond the expiration date specified in an ITO or an ITA, the regula-tions provide that an employing office may request further certification from the em-ployee. Lastly this section provides that in all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. 
The regulations also permit an eligible em-
ployee who is a spouse, parent, son, daughter or next of kin of a covered servicemember to submit an ITO or ITA issued to another fam-ily member as sufficient certification for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA, even if the employee seeking leave is not the named recipient on the ITO or ITA. The reg-ulations further permit an employing office to authenticate and clarify medical certifi-cations submitted to support a request for leave to care for a covered servicemember using the procedures applicable to FMLA leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition. However, unlike the recertification, second and third opinion processes used for other types of FMLA leave, recertification, second and third opinions are not warranted for pur-poses of military caregiver leave when the certification has been completed by a DOD health care provider, a VA health care pro-vider, a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider, or a DOD non- network TRICARE authorized private health care provider, but are permitted when the certification has been completed by a health care provider who is not affiliated with the DOD, VA, or TRICARE. 
An employee seeking to take military 
caregiver leave must provide the requested certification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the par-ticular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. 
Section 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL’s regulations under this section. Section 825.312 addresses the fitness for-duty certification that an em-ployee may be required to submit upon re-turn to work from FMLA leave. This section clarifies that employees have the same obli-gation to provide a complete certification or provide sufficient authorization to the health care provider in order for that person to provide the information directly to the employing office in the fitness-for-duty cer-tification process as they do in the initial certification process. The employing office may require that the fitness-for-duty certifi-cation address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job, as long as the employing office pro-vides the employee with a list of those essen-tial job functions no later than the employ-ing office provides the designation notice. The designation notice must indicate that the certification address the employee’s abil-ity to perform those essential functions. An employing office may contact the employee’s 
health care provider directly, consistent with the procedure in proposed section 825.307(a), for purposes of authenticating or clarifying the fitness-for-duty certification. The employing office is required to advise the employee in the eligibility notice re-quired by proposed section 825.300(b) if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work. Em-ployees are not entitled to the reinstatement protections of the Act if they do not provide the required fitness-for-duty certification or request additional FMLA leave. 
Section 825.312 also requires that the em-
ploying office uniformly apply its policies permitting fitness-for-duty certifications to intermittent and reduced schedule leave users when reasonable safety concerns are present, but limits the frequency of such cer-tifications to once in a 30-day period in which intermittent or reduced schedule leave was taken. ‘‘Reasonable safety con-cerns’’ means a reasonable belief of a signifi-cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. This is meant to be a high standard. Thus, the determination that there are reasonable safety concerns must rely on objective factual evidence, not subjective perceptions. Employing offices cannot, under this section, require such cer-tifications in all intermittent or reduced leave schedule situations, but only where reasonable safety concerns are present. There is no fitness-for-duty certification form, nor is there any specific format such a certification must follow as long as it con-tains the required information. An employ-ing office is allowed to require that the fit-ness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of his or her position. However, the employing office can choose to accept a sim-ple statement in place of the fitness-for-duty certification (or not require a fitness-for- duty certification at all). 
There is no second and third opinion proc-
ess for a fitness-for-duty certification. A fit-ness-for-duty certification need only address the condition for which FMLA leave was taken and the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the job. The em-ployee’s health care provider determines whether a separate examination is required in order to determine the employee’s fitness to return to duty under the FMLA. A med-ical examination at the employing office’s expense may be required only after the em-ployee has returned from FMLA leave and must be job-related and consistent with busi-ness necessity as required by the ADA. The employing office cannot delay the employ-ee’s return to work while arranging for and having the employee undergo a medical ex-amination. 
Section 825.313 Failure to provide certifi-
cation. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.313 explains the con-sequences for an employee who fails to pro-vide medical certification in a timely man-ner. An employing office may ‘‘deny’’ FMLA leave until the required certification is pro-vided. This section also addresses the con-sequences of failing to provide timely recer-tification. Section 825.313 also clarifies that recertification does not apply to leave taken for a qualifying exigency or to care for a cov-ered servicemember. 
Employees must be provided at least 15 
calendar days to provide the requested cer-tification, and are entitled to additional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6020 September 16, 2015 
time when they are unable to meet that 
deadline despite their diligent, good-faith ef-forts. An employee’s certification (or recer-tification) is not untimely until that period has passed. Employing offices may deny FMLA protection when an employee fails to provide a timely certification or recertifi-cation, but it does not require employing of-fices to do so. Employing offices always have the option of accepting an untimely certifi-cation and not denying FMLA protection to any absences that occurred during the period in which the certification was delayed. 
Subpart D—Enforcement Mechanisms 
Section 825.400 Enforcement, general rules. 
The Board finds good cause not to adopt 
DOL section 825.400 because the enforcement of FMLA violations is different in the legis-lative branch as opposed to the workforces regulated by the DOL. The OOC section 825.400 remains the same. 
Sections 825.401–825.404 Filing a complaint 
with the Federal Government; Violations of the posting requirement; Appealing the assessment of a penalty for willful viola-tion of the posting requirement; Con-sequences for an employer when not pay-ing the penalty assessment after a final order is issued. 
These sections do not apply to the CAA 
and will remain reserved in the OOC regula-tions. 
Subpart E—Recordkeeping Requirements 
Section 825.500 Recordkeeping requirements. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. 
Subpart F—Special Rules Applicable to Em-
ployees of Schools 
Sections 825.600–825.604 Special rules for 
school employees, definitions; Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave; Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term; Spe-cial rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave; Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under these sections. Sections 825.600–825.604 cover the special rules applicable to instructional employees. When an eligible instructional employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a reduced schedule basis to care for a cov-ered servicemember, the employee may choose to either (1) take leave for a period or periods of particular duration; or (2) transfer temporarily to an available alternative posi-tion with equivalent pay and benefits that better accommodates recurring periods of leave. 
These sections also extend some of the lim-
itations on leave near the end of an academic term to leave requested during this period to care for a covered servicemember. If an in-structional employee begins leave for a pur-pose other than the employee’s own serious health condition during the five-week period before the end of the term, the employing of-fice may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than two weeks and the employee would return to work during the two-week period before the end of the term. Further, an employing office may require an instructional employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the em-ployee begins leave that will last more than five working days for a purpose other than the employee’s own serious health condition during the three-week period before the end of the term. The types of leave that are sub-ject to the limitations are: (1) leave because of the birth of a son or daughter, (2) leave be-cause of the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care, (3) leave taken to 
care for a spouse, parent, or child with a se-rious health condition, and (4) leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. 
Subpart G—Effect of Other Laws, Employing 
Office Practices, and Collective Bar-gaining Agreements on Employee Rights Under FMLA 
Section 825.700 Interaction with employing 
office’s policies. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.700 provides that an employing office may not limit the rights es-tablished by the FMLA through an employ-ment benefit program or plan, but an em-ploying office may provide greater leave rights than the FMLA requires. This section also provides that an employing office may amend existing leave programs, so long as they comply with the FMLA, and that noth-ing in the FMLA is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. The Board pro-poses to follow the DOL regulations and de-lete from the current OOC section 825.700(a) the following: ‘‘If an employee takes paid or unpaid leave and the employing office does not designate the leave as FMLA leave, the leave taken does not count against an em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement.’’ As explained by the DOL, this last sentence of section 825.700(a) was deleted in order to conform to the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Ragsdale v. Wolverine World Wide, 535 U.S. 81 (2002), which specifically invalidated this provision. 
Section 825.701 Interaction with State laws. 
This DOL section does not apply to the 
CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. 
Section 825.702 Interaction with Federal and 
State anti-discrimination laws. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.702 addresses the interaction between the FMLA and other Federal and State antidiscrimination laws. Section 825.702 discusses the interaction be-tween the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) and the FMLA. Under USERRA, a returning servicemember would be entitled to FMLA leave if, after including the hours that he or she would have worked for the ci-vilian employing office during the period of military service, the employee would have met the FMLA eligibility threshold. This is not an expansion of FMLA rights through regulation; this is a requirement of USERRA. 
With respect to the interaction of the 
FMLA and ADA, where both laws may apply, the applicability of each statute needs to be evaluated independently. 
Further, the reference to employers who 
receive Federal financial assistance and em-ployers who contract with the Federal gov-ernment in this section has not been adopted by the Board because federal contractor em-ployers are not covered by the CAA. 
In its final regulations, the DOL removed 
the following optional-use forms and notices from the Appendix of the regulations, but continued to make them available to the public on the WHD Web site: Forms WH–380– E (Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition); WH– 380–F (Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condi-tion); WH–381 (Notice of Eligibility and Rights & Responsibilities); WH–382 (Designa-tion Notice); WH–384 (Certification of Quali-fying Exigency for Military Family Leave); WH–385 (Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Current Servicemember for Mili-tary Family Leave); and WH–385–V (Certifi-
cation for Serious Injury or Illness of a Vet-eran for Military Caregiver Leave). The Board proposes to revise its forms and to make the following OOC forms available on its website: Form A: Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition; Form B: Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; Form C: Notice of Eligi-bility and Rights and Responsibilities; Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of FMLA Leave; Form E: Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave; Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Covered Servicemember for Military Fam-ily Leave; and Form G: Certification for Se-rious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Mili-tary Caregiver Leave. The Board’s proposed forms now include references to the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, which is made applicable to employees cov-ered under the CAA. The Board invites com-ment on whether these forms should be in-cluded in the regulations, or whether covered employees and employing offices should be directed to the DOL website for the appro-priate forms. In any event, the use of a spe-cific set of forms is optional and other forms requiring the same information may be used instead. In proposing these revised forms, the Board recognizes that the use of specific forms play a key role in employing offices’ compliance with the FMLA and employees’ ability to take FMLA protected leave when needed. 
S
UBSTANTIVE REGULATIONS PROPOSED BY THE  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OFFICE OF  
COMPLIANCE EXTENDING RIGHTS AND PRO-
TECTIONS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL  
ACT OF 1996, AS AMENDED  
FINAL REGULATIONS  
Part 825—Family and Medical Leave 
825.1 Purpose and Scope. Subpart A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-
ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 
825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 825.102 Definitions. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. 825.105 Counting employees for determining 
coverage. 
825.106 Joint employer coverage. 825.107 Successor in interest coverage. 825.108–825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employee. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general 
rule. 
825.113 Serious health condition. 825.114 Inpatient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. 825.116–825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance 
abuse. 
825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-
ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 
825.123 Unable to perform the functions of 
the position. 
825.124 Needed to care for a family member 
or covered servicemember. 
825.125 Definition of health care provider. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-
gency. 
825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-
member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6021 September 16, 2015 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-
MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL AC-COUNTABILITY ACT 
825.200 Amount of leave. 
825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave 
schedule. 
825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-
duced schedule leave. 
825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-
native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 
825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-
mittent or reduced schedule leave. 
825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.208 [Reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 825.210 Employee payment of group health 
benefit premiums. 
825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- 
employer health plans. 
825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan 
premium payments. 
825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit 
costs. 
825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 825.215 Equivalent position. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to 
reinstatement. 
825.217 Key employee, general rule. 825.218 Substantial and grievous economic 
injury. 
825.219 Rights of a key employee. 825.220 Protection for employees who request 
leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
Subpart C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA. 
825.300 Employing office notice require-
ments. 
825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for 
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 825.305 Certification, general rule. 825.306 Content of medical certification for 
leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
825.307 Authentication and clarification of 
medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-
cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
825.309 Certification for leave taken because 
of a qualifying exigency. 
825.310 Certification for leave taken to care 
for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 
825.311 Intent to return to work. 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
Subpart D—ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMS 
825.400 Enforcement of FMLA rights, as made 
applicable by the CAA. 
825.401–825.404 [Reserved] 
Subpart E—[Reserved] 
Subpart F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE 
TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, 
definitions. 
825.601 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on intermittent leave. 825.602 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 
825.603 Special rules for school employees, 
duration of FMLA leave. 
825.604 Special rules for school employees, 
restoration to an equivalent position. 
Subpart G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EM-
PLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA 
825.700 Interaction with employing office’s 
policies. 
825.701 [Reserved] 825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination 
laws as applied by section 201 of the CAA 
Subpart H—[Reserved] 
FORMS 
Form A: Certification of Health Care Pro-
vider for Employee’s Serious Health Con-dition; 
Form B: Certification of Health Care Pro-
vider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; 
Form C: Notice of Eligibility and Rights & 
Responsibilities; 
Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of 
FMLA Leave; 
Form E: Certification of Qualifying Exigency 
for Military Family Leave; 
Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or 
Illness of Covered Servicemember for Military Family Leave; 
Form G: Certification for Serious Injury or 
Illness of a Veteran for Military Care-giver Leave. 
825.1 Purpose and scope. 
(a) Section 202 of the Congressional Ac-
countability Act (CAA) (2 U.S.C. 1312) applies the rights and protections of sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) (29 U.S.C. 2611–2615) to covered employees. (The term ‘‘covered em-ployee’’ is defined in section 101(3) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)). See 825.102 of these regulations for that definition.) The purpose of this part is to set forth the regulations to carry out the provisions of section 202 of the CAA. 
(b) These regulations are issued by the 
Board of Directors (Board) of the Office of Compliance, pursuant to sections 202(d) and 304 of the CAA, which direct the Board to promulgate regulations implementing sec-tion 202 that are ‘‘the same as substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may determine, for good cause shown . . . that a modification of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The regulations issued by the Board herein are on all matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regulations to be issued. Specifically, it is the Board’s considered judgment, based on the information avail-able to it at the time of the promulgation of these regulations, that, with the exception of regulations adopted and set forth herein, there are no other ‘‘substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA].’’ 
(c) In promulgating these regulations, the 
Board has made certain technical and no-menclature changes to the regulations as promulgated by the Secretary. Such changes are intended to make the provisions adopted accord more naturally to situations in the legislative branch. However, by making these changes, the Board does not intend a substantive difference between these regula-
tions and those of the Secretary from which they are derived. Moreover, such changes, in and of themselves, are not intended to con-stitute an interpretation of the regulation or of the statutory provisions of the CAA upon which they are based. 
SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-
ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 
(a) The Family and Medical Leave Act of 
1993 (FMLA), as made applicable by the Con-gressional Accountability Act (CAA), allows eligible employees of an employing office to take job-protected, unpaid leave, or to sub-stitute appropriate paid leave if the em-ployee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 12 workweeks in any 12 months ( see 
825.200(b)) because of the birth of a child and to care for the newborn child, because of the placement of a child with the employee for adoption or foster care, because the em-ployee is needed to care for a family member (child, spouse, or parent) with a serious health condition, because the employee’s own serious health condition makes the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of his or her job, or because of any qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty). In addition, eligible employees of a covered employing office may take job- protected, unpaid leave, or substitute appro-priate paid leave if the employee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 26 work-weeks in a single 12-month period to care for a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness. In certain cases, FMLA leave may be taken on an intermittent basis rath-er than all at once, or the employee may work a part-time schedule. 
(b) An employee on FMLA leave is also en-
titled to have health benefits maintained 
while on leave as if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking the leave. If an employee was paying all or part of the pre-mium payments prior to leave, the employee would continue to pay his or her share dur-ing the leave period. The employing office or a disbursing or other financial office of the 
House of Representatives or [italicized lan-
guage is in only the House and Instrumental-ities versions of the regulations] the Senate may recover its share only if the employee does not return to work for a reason other than the serious health condition of the em-ployee or the employee’s covered family member, the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or another reason beyond the employee’s control. 
(c) An employee generally has a right to 
return to the same position or an equivalent position with equivalent pay, benefits, and working conditions at the conclusion of the leave. The taking of FMLA leave cannot re-sult in the loss of any benefit that accrued prior to the start of the leave. 
(d) The employing office generally has a 
right to advance notice from the employee. In addition, the employing office may re-quire an employee to submit certification to substantiate that the leave is due to the seri-ous health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, due to the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or because of a qualifying exigency. Failure to comply with these re-quirements may result in a delay in the start of FMLA leave. Pursuant to a uniformly ap-plied policy, the employing office may also require that an employee present a certifi-cation of fitness to return to work when the absence was caused by the employee’s seri-ous health condition ( see 825.312 and 825.313)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6022 September 16, 2015 
The employing office may delay restoring 
the employee to employment without such certificate relating to the health condition which caused the employee’s absence. 
825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 
(a) FMLA is intended to allow employees 
to balance their work and family life by tak-ing reasonable unpaid leave for medical rea-sons, for the birth or adoption of a child, for the care of a child, spouse, or parent who has a serious health condition, for the care of a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, or because of a qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. The FMLA is intended to balance the demands of the workplace with the needs of families, to promote the stability and economic security of families, and to promote national inter-ests in preserving family integrity. It was in-tended that the FMLA accomplish these pur-poses in a manner that accommodates the le-gitimate interests of employing offices, and in a manner consistent with the Equal Pro-tection Clause of the Fourteenth Amend-ment in minimizing the potential for em-ployment discrimination on the basis of sex, while promoting equal employment oppor-tunity for men and women. 
(b) The FMLA was predicated on two fun-
damental concerns—the needs of the Amer-ican workforce, and the development of high- performance organizations. Increasingly, America’s children and elderly are dependent upon family members who must spend long hours at work. When a family emergency arises, requiring workers to attend to seri-ously-ill children or parents, or to newly- born or adopted infants, or even to their own serious illness, workers need reassurance that they will not be asked to choose be-tween continuing their employment, and meeting their personal and family obliga-tions or tending to vital needs at home. 
(c) The FMLA is both intended and ex-
pected to benefit employing offices as well as their employees. A direct correlation exists between stability in the family and produc-tivity in the workplace. FMLA will encour-age the development of high-performance or-ganizations. When workers can count on du-rable links to their workplace they are able to make their own full commitments to their jobs. The record of hearings on family and medical leave indicate the powerful produc-tive advantages of stable workplace relation-ships, and the comparatively small costs of guaranteeing that those relationships will not be dissolved while workers attend to pressing family health obligations or their own serious illness. 
825.102 Definitions. 
For purposes of this part: 
ADA means the Americans With Disabil-
ities Act (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as amended). 
CAA means the Congressional Account-
ability Act of 1995 (Pub. Law 104–1, 109 Stat. 3, 2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq., as amended). 
COBRA means the continuation coverage 
requirements of Title X of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (Pub. Law 99–272, title X, section 10002; 100 Stat. 227; 29 U.S.C. 1161–1168). 
Contingency operation means a military op-
eration that: 
(1) Is designated by the Secretary of De-
fense as an operation in which members of the Armed Forces are or may become in-volved in military actions, operations, or hostilities against an enemy of the United States or against an opposing military force; or 
(2) Results in the call or order to, or reten-
tion on, active duty of members of the uni-formed services under section 688, 12301(a), 12302, 12304, 12305, or 12406 of Title 10 of the 
United States Code, chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, or any other provi-sion of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the President or Con-gress. See also 825.126(a)(2). 
Continuing treatment by a health care pro-
vider means any one of the following: 
(1) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-
capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: 
(i) Treatment two or more times, within 30 
days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services ( e.g., physical 
therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or 
(ii) Treatment by a health care provider on 
at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. 
(iii) The requirement in paragraphs (i) and 
(ii) of this definition for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of incapacity. 
(iv) Whether additional treatment visits or 
a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. 
(v) The term ‘‘extenuating circumstances’’ 
in paragraph (i) means circumstances beyond the employee’s control that prevent the fol-low-up visit from occurring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are extenuating depends on the facts. See also 825.115(a)(5). 
(2) Pregnancy or prenatal care . Any period of 
incapacity due to pregnancy, or for prenatal care. See also 825.120. 
(3) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-
pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: 
(i) Requires periodic visits (defined as at 
least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; 
(ii) Continues over an extended period of 
time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and 
(iii) May cause episodic rather than a con-
tinuing period of incapacity (e.g., asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, etc.). 
(4) Permanent or long-term conditions . A pe-
riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. 
(5) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. 
Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: 
(i) Restorative surgery after an accident or 
other injury; or 
(ii) A condition that would likely result in 
a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive full calendar days in the absence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), se-
vere arthritis (physical therapy), kidney dis-ease (dialysis). 
(6) Absences attributable to incapacity 
under paragraphs (2) or (3) of this definition qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-
ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. 
Covered active duty or call to covered active 
duty status means: 
(1) In the case of a member of the Regular 
Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country; and, 
(2) In the case of a member of the Reserve 
components of the Armed Forces, duty dur-ing the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to active duty in sup-port of a contingency operation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering all reserve component members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unas-signed member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready Re-serve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve compo-nents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in cer-tain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard and state mili-tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 
10 U.S.C. 
101(a)(13)(B). See also 825.126(a). 
Covered employee as defined in the CAA, 
means any employee of—(1) the House of Representatives; (2) the Senate; (3) the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services; (4) the Capitol Police; (5) the Congressional Budget Office; (6) the Office of the Architect of the Capitol; (7) the Office of the Attending Physician; (8) the Office of Compliance; or (9) the Office of Technology Assessment. 
Covered servicemember means: 
(1) A current member of the Armed Forces, 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness, or 
(2) A covered veteran who is undergoing 
medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. 
Covered veteran means an individual who 
was a member of the Armed Forces (includ-ing a member of the National Guard or Re-serves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any 
time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 
825.127(b)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6023 September 16, 2015 
Eligible employee as defined in the CAA, 
means: 
(1) A covered employee who has been em-
ployed for a total of at least 12 months in any employing office on the date on which any FMLA leave is to commence, except that an employing office need not consider any period of previous employment that occurred more than seven years before the date of the most recent hiring of the employee, unless: 
(i) The break in service is occasioned by 
the fulfillment of the employee’s Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq. , 
covered service obligation (the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by any employing office, but this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the em-ployee than would be available under the USERRA, as made applicable by the CAA); or 
(ii) A written agreement, including a col-
lective bargaining agreement, exists con-cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice ( e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-
thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes); and 
(2) Who, on the date on which any FMLA 
leave is to commence, has met the hours of service requirement by having been em-ployed for at least 1,250 hours of service with an employing office during the previous 12- month period, except that : 
(i) An employee returning from fulfilling 
his or her USERRA-covered service obliga-tion shall be credited with the hours of serv-ice that would have been performed but for the period of absence from work due to or ne-
cessitated by USERRA-covered service in de-termining whether the employee met the hours of service requirement (accordingly, a person reemployed following absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the pre-vious 12-month period to meet the hours of service requirement); and 
(ii) To determine the hours that would 
have been worked during the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calculations. 
Employ means to suffer or permit to work. 
Employee means an employee as defined by 
the CAA and includes an applicant for em-ployment and a former employee. 
Employee employed in an instructional capac-
ity. See the definition of Teacher in this sec-
tion. 
Employee of the Capitol Police means any 
member or officer of the Capitol Police. 
Employee of the House of Representatives 
means an individual occupying a position the pay for which is disbursed by the Clerk of the House of Representatives, or another of-ficial designated by the House of Representa-tives, or any employment position in an en-tity that is paid with funds derived from the clerk-hire allowance of the House of Rep-resentatives but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of covered 
employee above. 
Employee of the Office of the Architect of the 
Capitol means any employee of the Office of 
the Architect of the Capitol or the Botanic Garden. 
Employee of the Senate means any employee 
whose pay is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of covered 
employee above. Employing Office, as defined in the CAA, 
means: 
(1) The personal office of a Member of the 
House of Representatives or of a Senator; 
(2) A committee of the House of Represent-
atives or the Senate or a joint committee; 
(3) Any other office headed by a person 
with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or 
(4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-
bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. 
Employment benefits means all benefits pro-
vided or made available to employees by an employing office, including group life insur-ance, health insurance, disability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational bene-fits, and pensions, regardless of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office or through an employee benefit plan. The term does not in-clude non-employment related obligations paid by employees through voluntary deduc-tions such as supplemental insurance cov-erage. See also 825.209(a). 
FLSA means the Fair Labor Standards Act 
(29 U.S.C. 201 et seq. ). 
FMLA means the Family and Medical 
Leave Act of 1993, Public Law 103–3 (Feb-ruary 5, 1993), 107 Stat. 6 (29 U.S.C. 2601 et 
seq., as amended). 
Group health plan means the Federal Em-
ployees Health Benefits Program and any other plan of, or contributed to by, an em-ploying office (including a self-insured plan) to provide health care (directly or otherwise) to the employing office’s employees, former employees, or the families of such employees or former employees. For purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-
ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: 
(1) No contributions are made by the em-
ploying office; 
(2) Participation in the program is com-
pletely voluntary for employees; 
(3) The sole functions of the employing of-
fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; 
(4) The employing office receives no con-
sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and, 
(5) The premium charged with respect to 
such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. 
Health care provider means: 
(1) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, defines health care provider as: 
(i) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who 
is authorized to practice medicine or surgery 
(as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or 
(ii) Any other person determined by the 
Department of Labor to be capable of pro-viding health care services. 
(2) Others ‘‘capable of providing health 
care services’’ include only: 
(i) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-
gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-
forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; and 
(ii) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives 
and clinical social workers and physician as-sistants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; and 
(iii) Christian Science practitioners listed 
with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement. 
(iv) Any health care provider from whom 
an employing office or a group health plan’s benefits manager will accept certification of the existence of a serious health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and 
(v) A health care provider listed above who 
practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. 
(3) The phrase ‘‘authorized to practice in 
the State’’ as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health condi-tions. 
Incapable of self-care means that the indi-
vidual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in several of the ‘‘activities of daily living’’ (ADLs) or ‘‘instrumental activities of daily living’’ (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. 
Instructional employee: See the definition of 
Teacher in this section. 
Intermittent leave means leave taken in sep-
arate periods of time due to a single illness or injury, rather than for one continuous pe-riod of time, and may include leave of peri-ods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. 
Invitational travel authorization (ITA) or In-
vitational travel order (ITO) mean orders 
issued by the Armed Forces to a family member to join an injured or ill servicemem-ber at his or her bedside. See also 825.310(e). 
Key employee means a salaried FMLA-eligi-
ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. See also 825.217. 
Mental disability: See the definition of Phys-
ical or mental disability in this section. 
Military caregiver leave means leave taken 
to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. See also 
825.127. 
Next of kin of a covered servicemember means 
the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of pri-ority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered servicemember 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6024 September 16, 2015 
by court decree or statutory provisions, 
brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See also 
825.127(d)(3). 
Office of Compliance means the independent 
office established in the legislative branch under section 301 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1381). 
Outpatient status means, with respect to a 
covered servicemember who is a current member of the Armed Forces, the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to ei-ther a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient; or a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients. See also 825.127(b)(1). 
Parent means a biological, adoptive, step 
or foster father or mother or any other indi-vidual who stood in loco parentis to the em-ployee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined below. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
Parent of a covered servicemembe r means a 
covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See also 
825.127(d)(2). 
Physical or mental disability means a phys-
ical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR part 1630, issued by the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. , as amended, provide guid-
ance to these terms. 
Reduced leave schedule means a leave sched-
ule that reduces the usual number of hours per workweek, or hours per workday, of an employee. 
Reserve components of the Armed Forces , for 
purposes of qualifying exigency leave, in-clude the Army National Guard of the 
United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve, and Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration. See also 825.126(a)(2)(i). 
Secretary means the Secretary of Labor or 
authorized representative. 
Serious health condition means an illness, 
injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves inpatient care as de-fined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care provider as defined in 825.115. Conditions for which cosmetic treatments are administered (such as most treatments for acne or plastic surgery) are not serious health conditions unless inpatient hospital care is required or unless complications de-velop. Restorative dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions pro-vided all the other conditions of this regula-tion are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of 825.113 are met. 
Serious injury or illness means: 
(1) In the case of a current member of the 
Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, an injury or ill-
ness that was incurred by the covered serv-icemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces and that may render the servicemember medi-cally unfit to perform the duties of the mem-ber’s office, grade, rank, or rating; and 
(2) In the case of a covered veteran, an in-
jury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: 
(i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-
ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or 
(ii) A physical or mental condition for 
which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(iii) A physical or mental condition that 
substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
(iv) An injury, including a psychological 
injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. See also 
825.127(c). 
Son or daughter means a biological, adopt-
ed, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. 
Son or daughter of a covered servicemember 
means a covered servicemember’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered serv-icemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See also 825.127(d)(1). 
Son or daughter on covered active duty or call 
to covered active duty status means the em-
ployee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and who is of any age. See also 
825.126(a)(5). 
Spouse , as defined in the FMLA and as 
made applicable by the CAA, means a hus-band or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This defini-tion includes an individual in a same-sex marriage. This definition also includes an in-dividual in a common law marriage that ei-ther: 
(1) was entered into in a State that recog-
nizes such marriages or, 
(2) if entered into outside of any State, is 
valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
State means any State of the United States 
or the District of Columbia or any Territory or possession of the United States. 
Teacher (or employee employed in an instruc-
tional capacity, or instructional employee ) 
means an employee employed principally in an instructional capacity by an educational 
agency or school whose principal function is to teach and instruct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting, and in-cludes athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education assistants such as signers for the hearing impaired. The term does not include teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal function actual teaching or instructing, nor auxiliary personnel such as counselors, psychologists, curriculum specialists, cafeteria workers, maintenance workers, bus drivers, or other primarily noninstructional employees. 
TRICARE is the health care program serv-
ing active duty servicemembers, National Guard and Reserve members, retirees, their families, survivors, and certain former spouses worldwide. 
825.103 [Removed and Reserved] 
825.104 Covered employing offices. 
(a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, covers all employing offices. As used in the CAA, the term employing office means: 
(1) The personal office of a Member of the 
House of Representatives or of a Senator; 
(2) A committee of the House of Represent-
atives or the Senate or a joint committee; 
(3) Any other office headed by a person 
with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or 
(4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-
bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. 
(b) [Reserved] 
(c) Separate entities will be deemed to be 
parts of a single employing office for pur-poses of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, if they meet the ‘‘integrated em-ployer’’ test. Where this test is met, the em-ployees of all entities making up the inte-grated employer will be counted in deter-mining employer coverage and employee eli-gibility. A determination of whether or not separate entities are an integrated employer is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire rela-tionship is to be reviewed in its totality. Factors considered in determining whether two or more entities are an integrated em-ployer include: 
(1) Common management; (2) Interrelation between operations; (3) Centralized control of labor relations; 
and 
(4) Degree of common financial control. 
825.105 [Reserved]. 
825.106 Joint employer coverage. 
(a) Where two or more employing offices 
exercise some control over the work or work-ing conditions of the employee, the employ-ing offices may be joint employers under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Where the employee performs work which si-multaneously benefits two or more employ-ing offices, or works for two or more employ-ing offices at different times during the workweek, a joint employment relationship generally will be considered to exist in situa-tions such as: 
(1) Where there is an arrangement between 
employing offices to share an employee’s services or to interchange employees; 
(2) Where one employing office acts di-
rectly or indirectly in the interest of the other employing office in relation to the em-ployee; or 
(3) Where the employing offices are not 
completely disassociated with respect to the employee’s employment and may be deemed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6025 September 16, 2015 
to share control of the employee, directly or 
indirectly, because one employing office con-trols, is controlled by, or is under common control with the other employing office. 
(b) A determination of whether or not a 
joint employment relationship exists is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire relationship is to be viewed in its totality. For example, joint employment will ordinarily be found to exist when: 
(1) An employee, who is employed by an 
employing office other than the personal of-fice of a Member of the House of Representa-tives or of a Senator, is under the actual di-rection and control of the Member of the House of Representatives or Senator; or 
(2) Two or more employing offices employ 
an individual to work on common issues or other matters for both or all of them. 
(c) When employing offices employ a cov-
ered employee jointly, they may designate one of themselves to be the primary employ-ing office, and the other or others to be the secondary employing office(s). Such a des-ignation shall be made by written notice to the covered employee. 
(d) If an employing office is designated a 
primary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, only that employ-ing office is responsible for giving required notices to the covered employee, providing FMLA leave, and maintenance of health ben-efits. Job restoration is the primary respon-sibility of the primary employing office, and the secondary employing office(s) may, sub-ject to the limitations in 825.216, be respon-sible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. 
(e) If employing offices employ an em-
ployee jointly, but fail to designate a pri-mary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, then all of these employing offices shall be jointly and sever-ally liable for giving required notices to the employee, for providing FMLA leave, for as-suring that health benefits are maintained, and for job restoration. The employee may give notice of need for FMLA leave, as de-scribed in 825.302 and 825.303, to whichever of these employing offices the employee choos-es. If the employee makes a written request for restoration to one of these employing of-fices, that employing office shall be pri-marily responsible for job restoration, and the other employing office(s) may, subject to the limitations in 825.216, be responsible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. 
825.107 [Reserved] 
825.108 [Reserved] 825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employees. 
(a) An eligible employee is an employee of 
a covered employing office who: 
(1) Has been employed by any employing 
office for at least 12 months, and 
(2) Has been employed for at least 1,250 
hours of service during the 12-month period immediately preceding the commencement of the leave. 
(b) The 12 months an employee must have 
been employed by any employing office need not be consecutive months, provided : 
(1) Subject to the exceptions provided in 
paragraph (b)(2) of this section, employment periods prior to a break in service of seven years or more need not be counted in deter-mining whether the employee has been em-ployed by the employing office for at least 12 months. 
(2) Employment periods preceding a break 
in service of more than seven years must be counted in determining whether the em-ployee has been employed by the employing office for at least 12 months where: 
(i) The employee’s break in service is occa-
sioned by the fulfillment of his or her Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-
ment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et 
seq., covered service obligation. The period of 
absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by the employing office. However, this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the employee than would be available under the USERRA; or 
(ii) A written agreement, including a col-
lective bargaining agreement, exists con-cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice ( e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-
thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes). 
(3) If an employee worked for two or more 
employing offices sequentially, the time worked will be aggregated to determine whether it equals 12 months. 
(4) If an employee is maintained on the 
payroll for any part of a week, including any periods of paid or unpaid leave (sick, vaca-tion) during which other benefits or com-pensation are provided by the employing of-fice ( e.g., Federal Employees’ Compensation, 
group health plan benefits, etc.), the week 
counts as a week of employment. For pur-poses of determining whether intermittent/ occasional/casual employment qualifies as at least 12 months, 52 weeks is deemed to be equal to 12 months. 
(5) Nothing in this section prevents em-
ploying offices from considering employment prior to a continuous break in service of more than seven years when determining whether an employee has met the 12-month employment requirement. However, if an employing office chooses to recognize such prior employment, the employing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all em-ployees with similar breaks in service. 
(c)(1) If an employee was employed by two 
or more employing offices, either sequen-tially or concurrently, the hours of service will be aggregated to determine whether the minimum of 1,250 hours has been reached. 
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (c)(3) of 
this section, whether an employee has worked the minimum 1,250 hours of service is determined according to the principles es-tablished under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as applied by section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), for determining compen-sable hours of work. The determining factor is the number of hours an employee has worked for one or more employing offices. The determination is not limited by methods of recordkeeping, or by compensation agree-ments that do not accurately reflect all of the hours an employee has worked for or been in service to the employing office. Any accurate accounting of actual hours worked under the FLSA’s principles may be used. 
(3) An employee returning from USERRA- 
covered service shall be credited with the hours of service that would have been per-formed but for the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service in determining the employee’s eligibility for FMLA-qualifying leave. Ac-cordingly, a person reemployed following USERRA-covered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the previous 12-month period to meet the hours of service requirement. In order to determine the hours that would have been worked during the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calcula-tions. 
(4) In the event an employing office does 
not maintain an accurate record of hours worked by an employee, including for em-ployees who are exempt from FLSA’s re-
quirement that a record be kept of their hours worked ( e.g., bona fide executive, ad-
ministrative, and professional employees as defined in the FLSA Regulations, 29 CFR part 541, and as made applicable by the CAA, the employing office has the burden of show-ing that the employee has not worked the requisite hours. An employing office must be able to clearly demonstrate, for example, that full-time teachers ( see 825.102 for defini-
tion) of an elementary or secondary school system, or institution of higher education, or other educational establishment or insti-tution (who often work outside the class-room or at their homes) did not work 1,250 hours during the previous 12 months in order to claim that the teachers are not eligible for FMLA leave. 
(d) The determination of whether an em-
ployee has worked for any employing office for at least 1,250 hours in the past 12 months and has been employed by any employing of-fice for a total of at least 12 months must be made as of the date the FMLA leave is to start. An employee may be on non-FMLA leave at the time he or she meets the 12- month eligibility requirement, and in that event, any portion of the leave taken for an FMLA-qualifying reason after the employee meets the eligibility requirement would be FMLA leave. See 825.300(b) for rules gov-
erning the content of the eligibility notice given to employees. 
(e) [Reserved] 
825.111 [Reserved] 
825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general 
rule. 
(a) Circumstances qualifying for leave. Em-
ploying offices covered by FMLA as made ap-plicable by the CAA are required to grant leave to eligible employees: 
(1) For birth of a son or daughter, and to 
care for the newborn child ( see 825.120); 
(2) For placement with the employee of a 
son or daughter for adoption or foster care (see 825.121); 
(3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, 
daughter, or parent with a serious health condition ( see 825.113 and 825.122); and 
(4) Because of a serious health condition 
that makes the employee unable to perform the functions of the employee’s job ( see 
825.113 and 825.123); 
(5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-
ing out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active status) ( see 825.122 and 825.126); 
and 
(6) To care for a covered servicemember 
with a serious injury or illness if the em-ployee is the spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin of the covered servicemember (see 825.122 and 825.127). 
(b) Equal Application . The right to take 
leave under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, applies equally to male and female employees. A father, as well as a mother, can take family leave for the birth, placement for adoption, or foster care of a child. 
(c) Active employee . In situations where the 
employing office/employee relationship has been interrupted, such as an employee who has been on layoff, the employee must be re-called or otherwise be re-employed before being eligible for FMLA leave. Under such circumstances, an eligible employee is im-mediately entitled to further FMLA leave for a qualifying reason. 
825.113 Serious health condition. 
(a) For purposes of FMLA, serious health 
condition entitling an employee to FMLA 
leave means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that in-volves inpatient care as defined in 825.114 or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6026 September 16, 2015 
continuing treatment by a health care pro-
vider as defined in 825.115. 
(b) The term incapacity means inability to 
work, attend school or perform other regular daily activities due to the serious health condition, treatment therefore, or recovery therefrom. 
(c) The term treatment includes (but is not 
limited to) examinations to determine if a serious health condition exists and evalua-tions of the condition. Treatment does not include routine physical examinations, eye examinations, or dental examinations. A reg-imen of continuing treatment includes, for example, a course of prescription medication (e.g., an antibiotic) or therapy requiring spe-
cial equipment to resolve or alleviate the health condition ( e.g., oxygen). A regimen of 
continuing treatment that includes the tak-ing of over-the-counter medications such as aspirin, antihistamines, or salves; or bed- rest, drinking fluids, exercise, and other similar activities that can be initiated with-out a visit to a health care provider, is not, by itself, sufficient to constitute a regimen of continuing treatment for purposes of FMLA leave. 
(d) Conditions for which cosmetic treat-
ments are administered (such as most treat-ments for acne or plastic surgery) are not se-rious health conditions unless inpatient hos-pital care is required or unless complications develop. Ordinarily, unless complications arise, the common cold, the flu, ear aches, upset stomach, minor ulcers, headaches other than migraine, routine dental or or-thodontia problems, periodontal disease, etc., 
are examples of conditions that do not meet the definition of a serious health condition and do not qualify for FMLA leave. Restora-
tive dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions provided all the other con-ditions of this regulation are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of this section are met. 
825.114 Inpatient care. 
Inpatient care means an overnight stay in 
a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility, including any period of inca-pacity as defined in 825.113(b), or any subse-quent treatment in connection with such in-patient care. 
825.115 Continuing treatment. 
A serious health condition involving con-
tinuing treatment by a health care provider includes any one or more of the following: 
(a) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-
capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: 
(1) Treatment two or more times, within 30 
days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services ( e.g., physical 
therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or 
(2) Treatment by a health care provider on 
at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. 
(3) The requirement in paragraphs (a)(1) 
and (2) of this section for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first (or only) in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of inca-pacity. 
(4) Whether additional treatment visits or 
a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. 
(5) The term extenuating circumstances in 
paragraph (a)(1) of this section means cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control 
that prevent the follow-up visit from occur-ring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are ex-tenuating depends on the facts. For example, extenuating circumstances exist if a health care provider determines that a second in- person visit is needed within the 30-day pe-riod, but the health care provider does not have any available appointments during that time period. 
(b) Pregnancy or prenatal care. Any period 
of incapacity due to pregnancy, or for pre-natal care. See also 825.120. 
(c) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-
pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: 
(1) Requires periodic visits (defined as at 
least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; 
(2) Continues over an extended period of 
time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and 
(3) May cause episodic rather than a con-
tinuing period of incapacity ( e.g., asthma, di-
abetes, epilepsy, etc.). 
(d) Permanent or long-term conditions. A pe-
riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. 
(e) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. 
Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: 
(1) Restorative surgery after an accident or 
other injury; or 
(2) A condition that would likely result in 
a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days in the ab-sence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), severe arthritis (physical therapy), or 
kidney disease (dialysis). 
(f) Absences attributable to incapacity 
under paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. 
825.116 [Removed and Reserved] 
825.117 [Removed and Reserved] 825.118 [Removed and Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance 
abuse. 
(a) Substance abuse may be a serious 
health condition if the conditions of 825.113 through 825.115 are met. However, FMLA leave may only be taken for treatment for substance abuse by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services on refer-ral by a health care provider. On the other hand, absence because of the employee’s use of the substance, rather than for treatment, does not qualify for FMLA leave. 
(b) Treatment for substance abuse does not 
prevent an employing office from taking em-ployment action against an employee. The 
employing office may not take action against the employee because the employee has exercised his or her right to take FMLA leave for treatment. However, if the employ-ing office has an established policy, applied in a non-discriminatory manner that has been communicated to all employees, that provides under certain circumstances an em-ployee may be terminated for substance abuse, pursuant to that policy the employee may be terminated whether or not the em-ployee is presently taking FMLA leave. An employee may also take FMLA leave to care for a covered family member who is receiv-ing treatment for substance abuse. The em-ploying office may not take action against an employee who is providing care for a cov-ered family member receiving treatment for substance abuse. 
825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 
(a) General rules. Eligible employees are en-
titled to FMLA leave for pregnancy or birth of a child as follows: 
(1) Both parents are entitled to FMLA 
leave for the birth of their child. 
(2) Both parents are entitled to FMLA 
leave to be with the healthy newborn child 
(i.e., bonding time) during the 12-month pe-
riod beginning on the date of birth. An em-ployee’s entitlement to FMLA leave for a birth expires at the end of the 12-month pe-riod beginning on the date of the birth. If the employing office permits bonding leave to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, both parents are entitled to FMLA leave even if the newborn does not have a serious health condition. 
(3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA 
leave and are employed by the same employ-ing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod if the leave is taken for birth of the em-ployee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement, or to care for the employee’s par-ent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave ap-plies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are em-ployed at two different worksites of an em-ploying office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the 
other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference be-tween the amount he or she has taken indi-vidually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newborn child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. Note, too, that many state pregnancy disability laws specify a period of disability either before or after the birth of a child; such periods would also be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition of the birth mother, and would not be subject to the combined limit. 
(4) The expectant mother is entitled to 
FMLA leave for incapacity due to pregnancy, for prenatal care, or for her own serious health condition following the birth of the child. An expectant mother may take FMLA leave before the birth of the child for pre-natal care or if her condition makes her un-able to work. The expectant mother is enti-tled to leave for incapacity due to pregnancy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6027 September 16, 2015 
even though she does not receive treatment 
from a health care provider during the ab-sence, and even if the absence does not last for more than three consecutive calendar days. 
(5) A spouse is entitled to FMLA leave if 
needed to care for a pregnant spouse who is incapacitated or if needed to care for her during her prenatal care, or if needed to care for her following the birth of a child if she has a serious health condition. See 825.124. 
(6) Both parents are entitled to FMLA 
leave if needed to care for a child with a seri-ous health condition if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for their new-born child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same em-ploying office, provided they have not ex-hausted their entitlements during the appli-cable 12-month FMLA leave period. 
(b) Intermittent and reduced schedule leave. 
An eligible employee may use intermittent or reduced schedule leave after the birth to be with a healthy newborn child only if the employing office agrees. For example, an em-ploying office and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the birth. If the employing office agrees to permit inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child, the employing office may re-quire the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or re-duced leave schedule is required, to an avail-able alternative position for which the em-ployee is qualified and which better accom-modates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. Transfer to an alternative position may require compli-
ance with any applicable collective bar-gaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the ex-pectant mother or newborn child. See 825.202– 
825.205 for general rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 
825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption or foster care. See 825.601 for special rules ap-
plicable to instructional employees of schools. 
825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 
(a) General rules . Eligible employees are en-
titled to FMLA leave for placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care as follows: 
(1) Employees may take FMLA leave be-
fore the actual placement or adoption of a child if an absence from work is required for the placement for adoption or foster care to proceed. For example, the employee may be required to attend counseling sessions, ap-pear in court, consult with his or her attor-ney or the doctor(s) representing the birth parent, submit to a physical examination, or travel to another country to complete an adoption. The source of an adopted child (e.g., whether from a licensed placement 
agency or otherwise) is not a factor in deter-mining eligibility for leave for this purpose. 
(2) An employee’s entitlement to leave for 
adoption or foster care expires at the end of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the placement. If the employing office per-mits leave for adoption or foster care to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, the employee is entitled to FMLA leave even if the adopted or foster child does not have a serious health condition. 
(3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA 
leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-
bined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if the leave is taken for the placement of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after placement, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, or to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two dif-ferent worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be enti-tled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12- week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the dif-ference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newly placed child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. 
(4) An eligible employee is entitled to 
FMLA leave in order to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condi-tion if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same employing office, provided they have not exhausted their enti-tlements during the applicable 12-month FMLA leave period. 
(b) Use of intermittent and reduced schedule 
leave . An eligible employee may use inter-
mittent or reduced schedule leave after the placement of a healthy child for adoption or foster care only if the employing office agrees. Thus, for example, the employing of-fice and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the placement for bond-ing purposes. If the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the placement for adoption or fos-ter care, the employing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is required, to an available alter-native position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. Transfer to an al-ternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made ap-plicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the adopt-ed or foster child. See 825.202–825.205 for gen-
eral rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 825.120 for 
general rules governing leave for pregnancy and birth of a child. See 825.601 for special 
rules applicable to instructional employees of schools. 
825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-
ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 
(a) Covered servicemember means: (1) A current member of the Armed Forces, 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness; or 
(2) A covered veteran who is undergoing 
medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran 
means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 825.127(b)(2). 
(b) Spouse , as defined in the FMLA and as 
made applicable by the CAA, means a hus-band or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This defini-tion includes an individual in a same-sex marriage. This definition also includes an in-dividual in a common law marriage that ei-ther: 
(1) was entered into in a State that recog-
nizes such marriages or, 
(2) if entered into outside of any State, is 
valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
(c) Parent . Parent means a biological, 
adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the employee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined in para-graph (d) of this section. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
(d) Son or daughter . For purposes of FMLA 
leave taken for birth or adoption, or to care for a family member with a serious health condition, son or daughter means a biologi-cal, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care be-cause of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. 
(1) Incapable of self-care means that the in-
dividual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living (ADLs) or instrumental activities of daily living (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. 
(2) Physical or mental disability means a 
physical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR 1630.2(h), (i), and (j), issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., define these terms. 
(3) Persons who are ‘‘in loco parentis’’ in-
clude those with day-to-day responsibilities to care for and financially support a child, or, in the case of an employee, who had such responsibility for the employee when the em-ployee was a child. A biological or legal rela-tionship is not necessary. 
(e) Next of kin of a covered servicemember 
means the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered service-member by court decree or statutory provi-sions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6028 September 16, 2015 
the covered servicemember has specifically 
designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for pur-poses of military caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered servicemember, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or si-multaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See 825.127(d)(3). 
(f) Adoption means legally and perma-
nently assuming the responsibility of raising a child as one’s own. The source of an adopt-ed child ( e.g., whether from a licensed place-
ment agency or otherwise) is not a factor in determining eligibility for FMLA leave. See 
825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption. 
(g) Foster care means 24-hour care for chil-
dren in substitution for, and away from, their parents or guardian. Such placement is made by or with the agreement of the State as a result of a voluntary agreement between the parent or guardian that the child be re-moved from the home, or pursuant to a judi-cial determination of the necessity for foster care, and involves agreement between the State and foster family that the foster fam-ily will take care of the child. Although fos-ter care may be with relatives of the child, State action is involved in the removal of the child from parental custody. See 825.121 
for rules governing leave for foster care. 
(h) Son or daughter on covered active duty or 
call to covered active duty status means the 
employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. See 825.126(a)(5). 
(i) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-
ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-
logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See 825.127(d)(1). 
(j) Parent of a covered servicemember means 
a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See 
825.127(d)(2). 
(k) Documenting relationships . For purposes 
of confirmation of family relationship, the employing office may require the employee giving notice of the need for leave to provide reasonable documentation or statement of family relationship. This documentation may take the form of a simple statement from the employee, or a child’s birth certifi-cate, a court document, etc. The employing 
office is entitled to examine documentation such as a birth certificate, etc., but the em-
ployee is entitled to the return of the official document submitted for this purpose. 
825.123 Unable to perform the functions of 
the position. 
(a) Definition . An employee is unable to 
perform the functions of the position where the health care provider finds that the em-ployee is unable to work at all or is unable to perform any one of the essential functions of the employee’s position within the mean-ing of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and made applicable by Section 201(a) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)(3)). An employee who must be absent from work to receive medical treatment for a serious health condition is considered to be unable to perform the essential functions of the po-sition during the absence for treatment. (b) Statement of functions . An employing of-
fice has the option, in requiring certification from a health care provider, to provide a statement of the essential functions of the employee’s position for the health care pro-vider to review. A sufficient medical certifi-cation must specify what functions of the employee’s position the employee is unable to perform so that the employing office can then determine whether the employee is un-able to perform one or more essential func-tions of the employee’s position. For pur-poses of FMLA, the essential functions of the employee’s position are to be determined with reference to the position the employee held at the time notice is given or leave commenced, whichever is earlier. See 825.306. 
825.124 Needed to care for a family member 
or covered servicemember. 
(a) The medical certification provision 
that an employee is needed to care for a fam-ily member or covered servicemember en-compasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for exam-ple, because of a serious health condition, the family member is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or nutri-tional needs or safety, or is unable to trans-port himself or herself to the doctor. The term also includes providing psychological comfort and reassurance which would be ben-eficial to a child, spouse or parent with a se-rious health condition who is receiving inpa-tient or home care. 
(b) The term also includes situations where 
the employee may be needed to substitute for others who normally care for the family member or covered servicemember, or to make arrangements for changes in care, such as transfer to a nursing home. The employee need not be the only individual or family member available to care for the family member or covered servicemember. 
(c) An employee’s intermittent leave or a 
reduced leave schedule necessary to care for a family member or covered servicemember includes not only a situation where the con-dition of the family member or covered serv-icemember itself is intermittent, but also where the employee is only needed intermit-tently—such as where other care is normally available, or care responsibilities are shared with another member of the family or a third party. See 825.202–825.205 for rules gov-
erning the use of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 
825.125 Definition of health care provider. 
(a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, defines health care provider as: 
(1) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who 
is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or 
(2) Any other person determined by the Of-
fice of Compliance to be capable of providing health care services. 
(3) In making a determination referred to 
in subparagraph (a)(2), and absent good cause shown to do otherwise, the Office of Compli-ance will follow any determination made by the Department of Labor (under section 101(6)(B) of FMLA (29 U.S.C. 2611(6)(B))) that a person is capable of providing health care services, provided the determination by the Department of Labor was not made at the re-quest of a person who was then a covered em-ployee. 
(b) Others capable of providing health care 
services include only: 
(1) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-
gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; (2) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives, 
clinical social workers and physician assist-ants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; 
(3) Christian Science Practitioners listed 
with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement; 
(4) Any health care provider from whom an 
employing office or the employing office’s group health plan’s benefits manager will ac-cept certification of the existence of a seri-ous health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and 
(5) A health care provider listed above who 
practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. 
(c) The phrase authorized to practice in the 
State as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health conditions. 
825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-
gency. 
(a) Eligible employees may take FMLA 
leave for a qualifying exigency while the em-
ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent (the military member or member) is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty). 
(1) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-
tive duty status in the case of a member of the 
Regular Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country. The ac-tive duty orders of a member of the Regular components of the Armed Forces will gen-erally specify if the member is deployed to a foreign country. 
(2) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-
tive duty status in the case of a member of the 
Reserve components of the Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to ac-tive duty in support of a contingency oper-ation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes or-dering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering all reserve compo-nent members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which author-izes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve com-ponents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in certain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6029 September 16, 2015 
calling the National Guard and state mili-
tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13)(B). 
(i) For purposes of covered active duty or 
call to covered active duty status, the Re-serve components of the Armed Forces in-clude the Army National Guard of the United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve and Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration pursuant to one of the provisions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2). 
(ii) The active duty orders of a member of 
the Reserve components will generally speci-fy if the military member is serving in sup-port of a contingency operation by citation to the relevant section of Title 10 of the United States Code and/or by reference to the specific name of the contingency oper-ation and will specify that the deployment is to a foreign country. 
(3) Deployment of the member with the Armed 
Forces to a foreign country means deployment 
to areas outside of the United States, the District of Columbia, or any Territory or possession of the United States, including international waters. 
(4) A call to covered active duty for pur-
poses of leave taken because of a qualifying exigency refers to a Federal call to active duty. State calls to active duty are not cov-ered unless under order of the President of the United States pursuant to one of the pro-visions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section. 
(5) Son or daughter on covered active duty or 
call to covered active duty status means the 
employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. 
(b) An eligible employee may take FMLA 
leave for one or more of the following quali-fying exigencies: 
(1) Short-notice deployment. (i) To address 
any issue that arises from the fact that the military member is notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty seven or less calendar days prior to the date of de-ployment; 
(ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be 
used for a period of seven calendar days be-ginning on the date the military member is notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active duty; 
(2) Military events and related activities. (i) 
To attend any official ceremony, program, or event sponsored by the military that is re-lated to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
(ii) To attend family support or assistance 
programs and informational briefings spon-sored or promoted by the military, military service organizations, or the American Red Cross that are related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(3) Childcare and school activities. For the 
purposes of leave for childcare and school ac-tivities listed in (i) through (iv) of this para-graph, a child of the military member must be the military member’s biological, adopt-ed, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or child for whom the military member stands in loco parentis, who is either under 18 years of age or 18 years of age or older and incapa-ble of self-care because of a mental or phys-ical disability at the time that FMLA leave 
is to commence. As with all instances of qualifying exigency leave, the military mem-ber must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting qualifying exigency leave. 
(i) To arrange for alternative childcare for 
a child of the military member when the cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member neces-sitates a change in the existing childcare ar-rangement; 
(ii) To provide childcare for a child of the 
military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(iii) To enroll in or transfer to a new 
school or day care facility a child of the military member when enrollment or trans-fer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
(iv) To attend meetings with staff at a 
school or a daycare facility, such as meet-ings with school officials regarding discipli-nary measures, parent-teacher conferences, or meetings with school counselors, for a child of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(4) Financial and legal arrangements. (i) To 
make or update financial or legal arrange-ments to address the military member’s ab-sence while on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, such as preparing and executing financial and healthcare pow-ers of attorney, transferring bank account signature authority, enrolling in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS), obtaining military identification cards, or preparing or updating a will or liv-ing trust; and 
(ii) To act as the military member’s rep-
resentative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging, or appealing military service benefits while the military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and for a period of 90 days following the ter-mination of the military member’s covered active duty status; 
(5) Counseling. To attend counseling pro-
vided by someone other than a health care provider, for oneself, for the military mem-ber, or for the biological, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, or a legal ward of the mili-tary member, or a child for whom the mili-tary member stands in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and in-capable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability at the time that FMLA leave is to commence, provided that the need for counseling arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(6) Rest and Recuperation. (i) To spend time 
with the military member who is on short- term, temporary, Rest and Recuperation leave during the period of deployment; 
(ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be 
used for a period of 15 calendar days begin-ning on the date the military member com-mences each instance of Rest and Recuper-ation leave; 
(7) Post-deployment activities. (i) To attend 
arrival ceremonies, reintegration briefings and events, and any other official ceremony or program sponsored by the military for a period of 90 days following the termination of the military member’s covered active duty status; and 
(ii) To address issues that arise from the 
death of the military member while on cov-ered active duty status, such as meeting and 
recovering the body of the military member, making funeral arrangements, and attending funeral services; 
(8) Parental care. For purposes of leave for 
parental care listed in (i) through (iv) of this paragraph, the parent of the military mem-ber must be incapable of self-care and must be the military member’s biological, adop-tive, step, or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the military member when the member was under 18 years of age. A parent who is in-capable of self-care means that the parent requires active assistance or supervision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living or instrumental activities of daily living. Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appropriately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing, and eating. In-strumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transportation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. As with all instances 
of qualifying exigency leave, the military member must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting quali-fying exigency leave. 
(i) To arrange for alternative care for a 
parent of the military member when the par-ent is incapable of self-care and the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member necessitates a change in the existing care arrangement for the parent; 
(ii) To provide care for a parent of the 
military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the parent is incapable of self-care and the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(iii) To admit to or transfer to a care facil-
ity a parent of the military member when admittance or transfer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
(iv) To attend meetings with staff at a care 
facility, such as meetings with hospice or so-cial service providers for a parent of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status of the military member but not for routine or regular meetings; 
(9) Additional activities. To address other 
events which arise out of the military mem-ber’s covered active duty or call to covered active duty status provided that the employ-ing office and employee agree that such leave shall qualify as an exigency, and agree to both the timing and duration of such leave. 
825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-
member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
(a) Eligible employees are entitled to 
FMLA leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious illness or injury. 
(b) Covered servicemember means: 
(1) A current member of the Armed Forces, 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status ; or is otherwise on the 
temporary disability retired list, for a seri-
ous injury or illness. Outpatient status means the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to either a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient or a unit established for the purpose of providing com-mand and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving medical care as out-patients. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6030 September 16, 2015 
(2) A covered veteran who is undergoing 
medical treatment, recuperation or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran 
means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. An eligible em-ployee must commence leave to care for a covered veteran within five years of the vet-eran’s active duty service, but the single 12- month period described in paragraph (e)(1) of this section may extend beyond the five-year period. 
(i) For an individual who was a member of 
the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves) and who was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable prior to the effec-tive date of this Final Rule, the period be-tween October 28, 2009 and the effective date of this Final Rule shall not count towards the determination of the five-year period for covered veteran status. 
(c) A serious injury or illness means: 
(1) In the case of a current member of the 
Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, means an injury or illness that was incurred by the covered servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed be-fore the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces, and that may render the member medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank or rating; and, 
(2) In the case of a covered veteran, means 
an injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces), and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: 
(i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-
ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or 
(ii) A physical or mental condition for 
which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(iii) A physical or mental condition that 
substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
(iv) An injury, including a psychological 
injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
(d) In order to care for a covered service-
member, an eligible employee must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent, or next of kin of a covered servicemember. 
(1) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-
ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-
logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. 
(2) Parent of a covered servicemember means 
a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis 
to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
(3) Next of kin of a covered servicemember 
means the nearest blood relative, other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide 
care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. For exam-ple, if a covered servicemember has three siblings and has not designated a blood rel-ative to provide care, all three siblings would be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin. Alternatively, where a covered servicemember has a sibling(s) and des-ignates a cousin as his or her next of kin for FMLA purposes, then only the designated cousin is eligible as the covered servicemember’s next of kin. An employing office is permitted to require an employee to provide confirmation of covered family rela-tionship to the covered servicemember pur-suant to 825.122(k). 
(e) An eligible employee is entitled to 26 
workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or ill-ness during a single 12-month period. 
(1) The single 12-month period described in 
paragraph (e) of this section begins on the first day the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and ends 12 months after that date, regard-less of the method used by the employing of-fice to determine the employee’s 12 work-weeks of leave entitlement for other FMLA- qualifying reasons. If an eligible employee does not take all of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for a covered servicemember during this single 12-month period, the remaining part of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for the covered servicemember is forfeited. 
(2) The leave entitlement described in 
paragraph (e) of this section is to be applied on a per-covered-servicemember, per-injury basis such that an eligible employee may be entitled to take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave if the leave is to care for different covered servicemembers or to care for the same servicemember with a subse-quent serious injury or illness, except that no more than 26 workweeks of leave may be taken within any single 12-month period. An eligible employee may take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with more than one serious injury or illness only when the seri-ous injury or illness is a subsequent serious injury or illness. When an eligible employee takes leave to care for more than one cov-ered servicemember or for a subsequent seri-ous injury or illness of the same covered servicemember, and the single 12-month pe-riods corresponding to the different military caregiver leave entitlements overlap, the employee is limited to taking no more than 26 workweeks of leave in each single 12- month period. 
(3) An eligible employee is entitled to a 
combined total of 26 workweeks of leave for any FMLA-qualifying reason during the sin-
gle 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, provided that the em-ployee is entitled to no more than 12 work-weeks of leave for one or more of the fol-lowing: because of the birth of a son or daughter of the employee and in order to care for such son or daughter; because of the placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care; in order to care for the spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; because of the employee’s own serious health condition; or because of a qualifying exigency. Thus, for example, an eligible employee may, during the single 12-month period, take 16 work-weeks of FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and 10 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a newborn child. However, the employee may not take more than 12 weeks of FMLA leave to care for the new-born child during the single 12-month period, even if the employee takes fewer than 14 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember. 
(4) In all circumstances, including for leave 
taken to care for a covered servicemember, the employing office is responsible for desig-nating leave, paid or unpaid, as FMLA-quali-fying, and for giving notice of the designa-tion to the employee as provided in 825.300. In the case of leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, the employing office must des-ignate such leave as leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember in the first instance. Leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this sec-tion must not be designated and counted as both leave to care for a covered servicemem-ber and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. As is the case with leave taken for other qualifying reasons, employing offices may retroactively designate leave as leave to care for a covered servicemember pursuant to 825.301(d). 
(f) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA 
leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-bined total of 26 workweeks of leave during the single 12-month period described in para-graph (e) of this section if the leave is taken for birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for place-ment of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care, or to care for the child after placement, to care for the em-
ployee’s parent with a serious health condi-tion, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 26 workweeks of FMLA leave. 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-
MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL AC-COUNTABILITY ACT 
825.200 Amount of Leave. 
(a) Except in the case of leave to care for 
a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness, an eligible employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a total of 12 workweeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod for any one, or more, of the following reasons: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6031 September 16, 2015 
(1) The birth of the employee’s son or 
daughter, and to care for the newborn child; 
(2) The placement with the employee of a 
son or daughter for adoption or foster care, and to care for the newly placed child; 
(3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, 
daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; 
(4) Because of a serious health condition 
that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of his or her job; and 
(5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-
ing out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to active duty). 
(b) An employing office is permitted to 
choose any one of the following methods for determining the 12-month period in which the 12 weeks of leave entitlement described in paragraph (a) of this section occurs: 
(1) The calendar year; (2) Any fixed 12-month leave year, such as 
a fiscal year or a year starting on an employ-ee’s anniversary date; 
(3) The 12-month period measured forward 
from the date any employee’s first FMLA leave under paragraph (a) begins; or 
(4) A ‘‘rolling’’ 12-month period measured 
backward from the date an employee uses any FMLA leave as described in paragraph (a). 
(c) Under methods in paragraphs (b)(1) and 
(b)(2) of this section an employee would be entitled to up to 12 weeks of FMLA leave at any time in the fixed 12-month period se-lected. An employee could, therefore, take 12 weeks of leave at the end of the year and 12 weeks at the beginning of the following year. Under the method in paragraph (b)(3) of this section, an employee would be entitled to 12 weeks of leave during the year beginning on the first date FMLA leave is taken; the next 12-month period would begin the first time FMLA leave is taken after completion of any previous 12-month period. Under the method in paragraph (b)(4) of this section, the ‘‘roll-ing’’ 12-month period, each time an employee takes FMLA leave the remaining leave enti-tlement would be any balance of the 12 weeks which has not been used during the immediately preceding 12 months. For exam-ple, if an employee has taken eight weeks of leave during the past 12 months, an addi-tional four weeks of leave could be taken. If an employee used four weeks beginning Feb-ruary 1, 2008, four weeks beginning June 1, 2008, and four weeks beginning December 1, 2008, the employee would not be entitled to any additional leave until February 1, 2009. However, beginning on February 1, 2009, the employee would again be eligible to take FMLA leave, recouping the right to take the leave in the same manner and amounts in which it was used in the previous year. Thus, the employee would recoup (and be entitled to use) one additional day of FMLA leave each day for four weeks, commencing Feb-ruary 1, 2009. The employee would also begin to recoup additional days beginning on June 1, 2009, and additional days beginning on De-cember 1, 2009. Accordingly, employing of-fices using the rolling 12-month period may need to calculate whether the employee is entitled to take FMLA leave each time that leave is requested, and employees taking FMLA leave on such a basis may fall in and out of FMLA protection based on their FMLA usage in the prior 12 months. For ex-ample, in the example above, if the employee needs six weeks of leave for a serious health condition commencing February 1, 2009, only the first four weeks of the leave would be FMLA-protected. 
(d)(1) Employing offices will be allowed to 
choose any one of the alternatives in para-graph (b) of this section for the leave entitle-
ments described in paragraph (a) of this sec-tion provided the alternative chosen is ap-plied consistently and uniformly to all em-ployees. An employing office wishing to 
change to another alternative is required to give at least 60 days notice to all employees, and the transition must take place in such a way that the employees retain the full ben-efit of 12 weeks of leave under whichever method affords the greatest benefit to the employee. Under no circumstances may a new method be implemented in order to avoid the CAA’s FMLA leave requirements. 
(2) [Reserved] (e) If an employing office fails to select one 
of the options in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month period for the leave entitlements described in paragraph (a), the option that provides the most bene-ficial outcome for the employee will be used. The employing office may subsequently se-lect an option only by providing the 60-day notice to all employees of the option the em-ploying office intends to implement. During the running of the 60-day period any other employee who needs FMLA leave may use the option providing the most beneficial out-come to that employee. At the conclusion of the 60-day period the employing office may implement the selected option. 
(f) An eligible employee’s FMLA leave en-
titlement is limited to a total of 26 work-weeks of leave during a single 12-month pe-riod to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. An employ-ing office shall determine the single 12- month period in which the 26 weeks of leave entitlement described in this paragraph oc-curs using the 12-month period measured for-ward from the date an employee’s first FMLA leave to care for the covered service-member begins. See 825.127(e)(1). 
(g) During the single 12-month period de-
scribed in paragraph (f), an eligible employ-ee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a combined total of 26 workweeks of FMLA leave for any qualifying reason. See 
825.127(e)(3). 
(h) For purposes of determining the 
amount of leave used by an employee, the fact that a holiday may occur within the week taken as FMLA leave has no effect; the week is counted as a week of FMLA leave. However, if an employee is using FMLA leave in increments of less than one week, the holiday will not count against the em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement unless the em-ployee was otherwise scheduled and expected to work during the holiday. Similarly, if for some reason the employing office’s business activity has temporarily ceased and employ-ees generally are not expected to report for work for one or more weeks (e.g., a school closing two weeks for the Christmas/New Year holiday or the summer vacation or an employing office closing the office for re-pairs), the days the employing office’s activi-ties have ceased do not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Meth-ods for determining an employee’s 12-week leave entitlement are also described in 825.205. 
(i)(1) If employing offices jointly employ 
an employee, and if they designate a primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), the primary employing office may choose any one of the alternatives in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month pe-riod, provided that the alternative chosen is applied consistently and uniformly to all employees of the primary employing office including the jointly employed employee. 
(2) If employing offices fail to designate a 
primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), an employee jointly employed by the employing offices may, by so notifying one of the employing offices, select that em-ploying office to be the primary employing 
office of the employee for purposes of the ap-plication of paragraphs (d) and (e) of this sec-tion. 
825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 
(a) General rule . An eligible employee is en-
titled to FMLA leave if needed to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. Care for parents-in-law is not cov-ered by the FMLA. See 825.122(c) for defini-
tion of parent. 
(b) Same employing office limitation . Spouses 
who are eligible for FMLA leave and are em-ployed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if 
the leave is taken to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after the birth, or for placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where the spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a par-ent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a parent, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. See also 825.127(d). 
825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave 
schedule. 
(a) Definition . FMLA leave may be taken 
intermittently or on a reduced leave sched-ule under certain circumstances. Intermittent 
leave is FMLA leave taken in separate blocks 
of time due to a single qualifying reason. A reduced leave schedule is a leave schedule that 
reduces an employee’s usual number of work-ing hours per workweek, or hours per work-day. A reduced leave schedule is a change in the employee’s schedule for a period of time, normally from full-time to part-time. 
(b) Medical necessity . For intermittent 
leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule taken because of one’s own serious health condition, to care for a spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a serious health condition, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, there must be a medical need for leave and it must be that such medical need can be best accommo-dated through an intermittent or reduced leave schedule. The treatment regimen and other information described in the certifi-cation of a serious health condition and in the certification of a serious injury or ill-ness, if required by the employing office, ad-dresses the medical necessity of intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule. See 825.306, 825.310. Leave may be taken inter-
mittently or on a reduced leave schedule when medically necessary for planned and/or unanticipated medical treatment of a serious health condition or of a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or for recovery from treatment or recovery from a serious health condition or a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. It may also be taken to provide care or psycho-logical comfort to a covered family member with a serious health condition or a covered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6032 September 16, 2015 
servicemember with a serious injury or ill-
ness. 
(1) Intermittent leave may be taken for a 
serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, for the employee’s own se-rious health condition, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember which re-quires treatment by a health care provider periodically, rather than for one continuous period of time, and may include leave of pe-riods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. A pregnant employee may take leave intermit-tently for prenatal examinations or for her own condition, such as for periods of severe morning sickness. An example of an em-ployee taking leave on a reduced leave schedule is an employee who is recovering from a serious health condition and is not strong enough to work a full-time schedule. 
(2) Intermittent or reduced schedule leave 
may be taken for absences where the em-ployee or family member is incapacitated or unable to perform the essential functions of the position because of a chronic serious health condition or a serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember, even if he or she does not receive treatment by a health care provider. See 825.113 and 825.127. 
(c) Birth or placement . When leave is taken 
after the birth of a healthy child or place-ment of a healthy child for adoption or fos-ter care, an employee may take leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule only if the employing office agrees. Such a schedule reduction might occur, for example, where an employee, with the employing of-fice’s agreement, works part-time after the birth of a child, or takes leave in several seg-ments. The employing office’s agreement is not required, however, for leave during which the expectant mother has a serious health condition in connection with the birth of her child or if the newborn child has a serious health condition. See 825.204 for 
rules governing transfer to an alternative position that better accommodates intermit-tent leave. See also 825.120 (pregnancy) and 
825.121 (adoption and foster care). 
(d) Qualifying exigency . Leave due to a 
qualifying exigency may be taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. 
825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-
duced schedule leave. 
Eligible employees may take FMLA leave 
on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when medically necessary due to the serious health condition of a covered family member or the employee or the serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember. See 825.202. 
Eligible employees may also take FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when necessary because of a qualifying exigency. If an employee needs leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule for planned medical treatment, then the em-ployee must make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations. 
825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-
native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 
(a) Transfer or reassignment . If an employee 
needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule that is foreseeable based on planned medical treatment for the employee, a family member, or a covered servicemember, including during a period of recovery from one’s own serious health con-dition, a serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or if the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for 
the birth of a child or for placement of a child for adoption or foster care, the employ-ing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is re-quired, to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates recurring peri-ods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. See 825.601 for special rules applica-
ble to instructional employees of schools. 
(b) Compliance . Transfer to an alternative 
position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and Federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alternative position may include altering an existing job to bet-ter accommodate the employee’s need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave. 
(c) Equivalent pay and benefits . The alter-
native position must have equivalent pay and benefits. An alternative position for these purposes does not have to have equiva-lent duties. The employing office may in-crease the pay and benefits of an existing al-ternative position, so as to make them equivalent to the pay and benefits of the em-ployee’s regular job. The employing office may also transfer the employee to a part- time job with the same hourly rate of pay and benefits, provided the employee is not required to take more leave than is medi-cally necessary. For example, an employee desiring to take leave in increments of four hours per day could be transferred to a half- time job, or could remain in the employee’s same job on a part-time schedule, paying the same hourly rate as the employee’s previous job and enjoying the same benefits. The em-ploying office may not eliminate benefits which otherwise would not be provided to part-time employees; however, an employing office may proportionately reduce benefits such as vacation leave where an employing office’s normal practice is to base such bene-fits on the number of hours worked. 
(d) Employing office limitations . An employ-
ing office may not transfer the employee to an alternative position in order to discour-age the employee from taking leave or other-wise work a hardship on the employee. For example, a white collar employee may not be assigned to perform laborer’s work; an em-ployee working the day shift may not be re-assigned to the graveyard shift; an employee working in the headquarters facility may not be reassigned to a branch a significant distance away from the employee’s normal job location. Any such attempt on the part of the employing office to make such a transfer will be held to be contrary to the prohibited acts provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(e) Reinstatement of employee . When an em-
ployee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule and has been transferred to an alternative position no longer needs to continue on leave and is able to return to full-time work, the employee must be placed in the same or equivalent job as the job he or she left when the leave com-menced. An employee may not be required to take more leave than necessary to address the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. 
825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-
mittent or reduced schedule leave. 
(a) Minimum increment . (1) When an em-
ployee takes FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, the employ-ing office must account for the leave using an increment no greater than the shortest period of time that the employing office uses to account for use of other forms of leave provided that it is not greater than one hour and provided further that an employee’s 
FMLA leave entitlement may not be reduced by more than the amount of leave actually taken. An employing office may not require an employee to take more leave than is nec-essary to address the circumstances that precipitated the need for the leave, provided that the leave is counted using the shortest increment of leave used to account for any other type of leave. See also 825.205(a)(2) for 
the physical impossibility exception, and 825.600 and 825.601 for special rules applicable to employees of schools. If an employing of-fice uses different increments to account for different types of leave, the employing office must account for FMLA leave in the small-est increment used to account for any other type of leave. For example, if an employing office accounts for the use of annual leave in increments of one hour and the use of sick leave in increments of one-half hour, then FMLA leave use must be accounted for using increments no larger than one-half hour. If an employing office accounts for use of leave in varying increments at different times of the day or shift, the employing office may also account for FMLA leave in varying in-crements, provided that the increment used for FMLA leave is no greater than the small-est increment used for any other type of leave during the period in which the FMLA leave is taken. If an employing office ac-counts for other forms of leave use in incre-ments greater than one hour, the employing office must account for FMLA leave use in increments no greater than one hour. An em-ploying office may account for FMLA leave in shorter increments than used for other forms of leave. For example, an employing office that accounts for other forms of leave in one hour increments may account for FMLA leave in a shorter increment when the employee arrives at work several minutes late, and the employing office wants the em-ployee to begin work immediately. Such ac-
counting for FMLA leave will not alter the increment considered to be the shortest pe-riod used to account for other forms of leave or the use of FMLA leave in other cir-cumstances. In all cases, employees may not be charged FMLA leave for periods during which they are working. 
(2) Where it is physically impossible for an 
employee using intermittent leave or work-ing a reduced leave schedule to commence or end work mid-way through a shift, such as where a flight attendant or a railroad con-ductor is scheduled to work aboard an air-plane or train, or a laboratory employee is unable to enter or leave a sealed ‘‘clean room’’ during a certain period of time and no equivalent position is available, the entire period that the employee is forced to be ab-sent is designated as FMLA leave and counts against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. The period of the physical impossibility is limited to the period during which the em-ploying office is unable to permit the em-ployee to work prior to a period of FMLA leave or return the employee to the same or equivalent position due to the physical im-possibility after a period of FMLA leave. See 
825.214. 
(b) Calculation of leave . (1) When an em-
ployee takes leave on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule, only the amount of leave actually taken may be counted toward the employee’s leave entitlement. The actual workweek is the basis of leave entitlement. Therefore, if an employee who would other-wise work 40 hours a week takes off eight hours, the employee would use one-fifth (
1⁄5) 
of a week of FMLA leave. Similarly, if a full- time employee who would otherwise work eight hour days works four-hour days under a reduced leave schedule, the employee would use one half (
1⁄2) week of FMLA leave 
each week. Where an employee works a part- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6033 September 16, 2015 
time schedule or variable hours, the amount 
of FMLA leave that an employee uses is de-termined on a pro rata or proportional basis. If an employee who would otherwise work 30 hours per week, but works only 20 hours a week under a reduced leave schedule, the employee’s 10 hours of leave would con-stitute one-third (1/3) of a week of FMLA leave for each week the employee works the reduced leave schedule. An employing office may convert these fractions to their hourly equivalent so long as the conversion equi-tably reflects the employee’s total normally scheduled hours. An employee does not ac-crue FMLA-protected leave at any particular hourly rate. An eligible employee is entitled to up to a total of 12 workweeks of leave, or 26 workweeks in the case of military care-giver leave, and the total number of hours contained in those workweeks is necessarily dependent on the specific hours the em-ployee would have worked but for the use of leave. See also 825.601 and 825.602 on special 
rules for schools. 
(2) If an employing office has made a per-
manent or long-term change in the employ-ee’s schedule (for reasons other than FMLA, and prior to the notice of need for FMLA leave), the hours worked under the new schedule are to be used for making this cal-culation. 
(3) If an employee’s schedule varies from 
week to week to such an extent that an em-ploying office is unable to determine with any certainty how many hours the employee would otherwise have worked (but for the taking of FMLA leave), a weekly average of the hours worked over the 12 months prior to the beginning of the leave period (including any hours for which the employee took leave of any type) would be used for calculating the employee’s leave entitlement. 
(c) Overtime . If an employee would nor-
mally be required to work overtime, but is unable to do so because of a FMLA-quali-fying reason that limits the employee’s abil-ity to work overtime, the hours which the employee would have been required to work may be counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. In such a case, the em-ployee is using intermittent or reduced schedule leave. For example, if an employee would normally be required to work for 48 hours in a particular week, but due to a seri-ous health condition the employee is unable to work more than 40 hours that week, the employee would utilize eight hours of FMLA-protected leave out of the 48–hour workweek, or one-sixth (
1⁄6) of a week of 
FMLA leave. Voluntary overtime hours that an employee does not work due to an FMLA- qualifying reason may not be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 
825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 
(a) Leave taken under FMLA, as made ap-
plicable by the CAA, may be unpaid. If an employee is otherwise exempt from min-imum wage and overtime requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as made applicable by the CAA, as a salaried executive, administrative, or professional employee (under regulations issued by the Board, at part 541), providing unpaid FMLA- qualifying leave to such an employee will not cause the employee to lose the FLSA ex-emption. This means that under regulations currently in effect, where an employee meets the specified duties test, is paid on a salary basis, and is paid a salary of at least the amount specified in the regulations, the em-ploying office may make deductions from the employee’s salary for any hours taken as intermittent or reduced FMLA leave within a workweek, without affecting the exempt status of the employee. The fact that an em-ploying office provides FMLA leave, whether paid or unpaid, and maintains records re-
garding FMLA leave, will not be relevant to the determination whether an employee is exempt within the meaning of the Board’s regulations at part 541. 
(b) For an employee paid in accordance 
with a fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime, where permitted by sec-tion 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), the em-ploying office, during the period in which intermittent or reduced schedule FMLA leave is scheduled to be taken, may com-pensate an employee on an hourly basis and pay only for the hours the employee works, including time and one-half the employee’s regular rate for overtime hours. The change to payment on an hourly basis would include the entire period during which the employee is taking intermittent leave, including weeks in which no leave is taken. The hourly rate shall be determined by dividing the em-ployee’s weekly salary by the employee’s normal or average schedule of hours worked during weeks in which FMLA leave is not being taken. If an employing office chooses to follow this exception from the fluctuating workweek method of payment, the employ-ing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all employees paid on a fluctuating work-week basis for whom FMLA leave is taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. If an employing office does not elect to convert the employee’s compensation to hourly pay, no deduction may be taken for FMLA leave absences. Once the need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave is over, the employee may be restored to pay-ment on a fluctuating workweek basis. 
(c) This special exception to the salary 
basis requirements of the FLSA exemption or fluctuating workweek payment require-ments applies only to employees of covered employing offices who are eligible for FMLA leave, and to leave which qualifies as FMLA leave. Hourly or other deductions which are not in accordance with the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or with a permissible fluctuating workweek method of payment for overtime may not be taken, for example, where the employee has not worked long enough to be eligible for FMLA leave with-out potentially affecting the employee’s eli-gibility for exemption. Nor may deductions which are not permitted by the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or by a permis-sible fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime be taken from such an employee’s salary for any leave which does not qualify as FMLA leave, for example, de-ductions from an employee’s pay for leave required under an employing office’s policy or practice for a reason which does not qual-ify as FMLA leave, e.g., leave to care for a 
grandparent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condi-tion; or for leave which is more generous than provided by the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA, such as leave in excess of 12 weeks in a year. Employing offices may comply with the employing office’s own pol-icy/practice under these circumstances and maintain the employee’s eligibility for ex-emption or for the fluctuating workweek method of pay by not taking hourly deduc-tions from the employee’s pay, in accordance with FLSA requirements, as made applicable by the CAA, or may take such deductions, treating the employee as an hourly employee and pay overtime premium pay for hours worked over 40 in a workweek. 
825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 
(a) Generally, FMLA leave is unpaid. How-
ever, under the circumstances described in this section, FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an eligible employee to choose to substitute accrued paid leave for FMLA leave. If an employee does not choose to substitute accrued paid leave, the employ-
ing office may require the employee to sub-stitute accrued paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave. The term substitute means that the paid leave provided by the employing office, and accrued pursuant to established policies of the employing office, will run concur-rently with the unpaid FMLA leave. Accord-ingly, the employee receives pay pursuant to the employing office’s applicable paid leave policy during the period of otherwise unpaid FMLA leave. An employee’s ability to sub-stitute accrued paid leave is determined by the terms and conditions of the employing office’s normal leave policy. When an em-ployee chooses, or an employing office re-quires, substitution of accrued paid leave, the employing office must inform the em-ployee that the employee must satisfy any procedural requirements of the paid leave policy only in connection with the receipt of such payment. See 825.300(c). If an employee does not comply with the additional require-ments in an employing office’s paid leave policy, the employee is not entitled to sub-stitute accrued paid leave, but the employee remains entitled to take unpaid FMLA leave. Employing offices may not discriminate against employees on FMLA leave in the ad-
ministration of their paid leave policies. 
(b) If neither the employee nor the employ-
ing office elects to substitute paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave under the above condi-tions and circumstances, the employee will remain entitled to all the paid leave which is earned or accrued under the terms of the em-ploying office’s plan. 
(c) If an employee uses paid leave under 
circumstances which do not qualify as FMLA leave, the leave will not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. For ex-ample, paid sick leave used for a medical condition which is not a serious health con-dition or serious injury or illness does not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
(d) Leave taken pursuant to a disability 
leave plan would be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition and counted in the leave entitlement permitted under FMLA if it meets the criteria set forth above in 825.112 through 825.115. In such cases, the employing office may designate the leave as FMLA leave and count the leave against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause leave pursuant to a disability benefit plan is not unpaid, the provision for substi-tution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is inapplicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree to have paid leave supplement the disability plan bene-fits, such as in the case where a plan only provides replacement income for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. 
(e) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, provides that a serious health condi-tion may result from injury to the employee on or off the job. If the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA leave in accord-ance with 825.300(d), the leave counts against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause the workers’ compensation absence is not unpaid, the provision for substitution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is not ap-plicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree, to have paid leave supplement workers’ compensation benefits, such as in the case where workers’ compensation only provides replacement in-come for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. If the health care provider treating the em-ployee for the workers’ compensation injury certifies the employee is able to return to a light duty job but is unable to return to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6034 September 16, 2015 
same or equivalent job, the employee may 
decline the employing office’s offer of a light duty job. As a result, the employee may lose workers’ compensation payments, but is en-titled to remain on unpaid FMLA leave until the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. As of the date workers’ com-pensation benefits cease, the substitution provision becomes applicable and either the employee may elect or the employing office may require the use of accrued paid leave. See also 825.210(f), 825.216(d), 825.220(d), 
825.307(a) and 825.702 (d)(1) and (2) regarding the relationship between workers’ compensa-tion absences and FMLA leave. 
(f) Under the FLSA, as made applicable by 
the CAA, an employing office always has the right to cash out an employee’s compen-satory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee re-quests and is permitted to use accrued com-pensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 
825.208 [Removed and reserved] 
825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 
(a) During any FMLA leave, an employing 
office must maintain the employee’s cov-erage under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program or any group health plan (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 at 26 U.S.C. 5000(b)(1)) on the same con-ditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously em-ployed during the entire leave period. All employing offices are subject to the require-ments of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health coverage. The definition of group health plan is set forth in 825.102. For purposes of FMLA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: 
(1) No contributions are made by the em-
ploying office; 
(2) Participation in the program is com-
pletely voluntary for employees; 
(3) The sole functions of the employing of-
fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; 
(4) The employing office receives no con-
sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and 
(5) The premium charged with respect to 
such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. 
(b) The same group health plan benefits 
provided to an employee prior to taking FMLA leave must be maintained during the FMLA leave. For example, if family member coverage is provided to an employee, family member coverage must be maintained during the FMLA leave. Similarly, benefit coverage during FMLA leave for medical care, sur-gical care, hospital care, dental care, eye care, mental health counseling, substance abuse treatment, etc., must be maintained 
during leave if provided in an employing of-fice’s group health plan, including a supple-ment to a group health plan, whether or not provided through a flexible spending account or other component of a cafeteria plan. 
(c) If an employing office provides a new 
health plan or benefits or changes health benefits or plans while an employee is on FMLA leave, the employee is entitled to the new or changed plan/benefits to the same ex-
tent as if the employee were not on leave. For example, if an employing office changes a group health plan so that dental care be-comes covered under the plan, an employee on FMLA leave must be given the same op-portunity as other employees to receive (or obtain) the dental care coverage. Any other plan changes (e.g., in coverage, premiums, deductibles, etc.) which apply to all employ-ees of the workforce would also apply to an employee on FMLA leave. 
(d) Notice of any opportunity to change 
plans or benefits must also be given to an employee on FMLA leave. If the group health plan permits an employee to change from single to family coverage upon the birth of a child or otherwise add new family members, such a change in benefits must be made available while an employee is on FMLA leave. If the employee requests the changed coverage it must be provided by the employing office. 
(e) An employee may choose not to retain 
group health plan coverage during FMLA leave. However, when an employee returns from leave, the employee is entitled to be re-instated on the same terms as prior to tak-ing the leave, including family or dependent coverages, without any qualifying period, physical examination, exclusion of pre-exist-ing conditions, etc. See 825.212(c). 
(f) Except as required by the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA) or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is ap-plicable, and for key employees (as discussed below), an employing office’s obligation to maintain health benefits during leave (and to restore the employee to the same or equivalent employment) under FMLA ceases if and when the employment relationship would have terminated if the employee had not taken FMLA leave (e.g., if the employ-ee’s position is eliminated as part of a non-discriminatory reduction in force and the employee would not have been transferred to another position); an employee informs the employing office of his or her intent not to return from leave (including before starting the leave if the employing office is so in-formed before the leave starts); or the em-ployee fails to return from leave or con-tinues on leave after exhausting his or her FMLA leave entitlement in the 12-month pe-riod. 
(g) If a key employee ( see 825.218) does not 
return from leave when notified by the em-ploying office that substantial or grievous economic injury will result from his or her reinstatement, the employee’s entitlement to group health plan benefits continues un-less and until the employee advises the em-ploying office that the employee does not de-sire restoration to employment at the end of the leave period, or the FMLA leave entitle-ment is exhausted, or reinstatement is actu-ally denied. 
(h) An employee’s entitlement to benefits 
other than group health benefits during a pe-riod of FMLA leave ( e.g., holiday pay) is to 
be determined by the employing office’s es-tablished policy for providing such benefits when the employee is on other forms of leave (paid or unpaid, as appropriate). 
825.210 Employee payment of group health 
benefit premiums. 
(a) Group health plan benefits must be 
maintained on the same basis as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. Therefore, any share of group health plan premiums which had been paid by the employee prior to FMLA leave must continue to be paid by the employee during the FMLA leave period. If premiums are raised or lowered, the employee would be required to pay the new premium rates. Maintenance of health insurance policies 
which are not a part of the employing of-fice’s group health plan, as described in 825.209(a), are the sole responsibility of the employee. The employee and the insurer should make necessary arrangements for payment of premiums during periods of un-paid FMLA leave. 
(b) If the FMLA leave is substituted paid 
leave, the employee’s share of premiums must be paid by the method normally used during any paid leave, presumably as a pay-roll deduction. 
(c) If FMLA leave is unpaid, the employing 
office has a number of options for obtaining payment from the employee. The employing office may require that payment be made to the employing office or to the insurance car-rier, but no additional charge may be added to the employee’s premium payment for ad-ministrative expenses. The employing office may require employees to pay their share of premium payments in any of the following ways: 
(1) Payment would be due at the same time 
as it would be made if by payroll deduction; 
(2) Payment would be due on the same 
schedule as payments are made under COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is appli-cable; 
(3) Payment would be prepaid pursuant to 
a cafeteria plan at the employee’s option; 
(4) The employing office’s existing rules for 
payment by employees on leave without pay would be followed, provided that such rules do not require prepayment ( i.e., prior to the 
commencement of the leave) of the pre-miums that will become due during a period of unpaid FMLA leave or payment of higher premiums than if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking leave; or 
(5) Another system voluntarily agreed to 
between the employing office and the em-ployee, which may include prepayment of premiums ( e.g., through increased payroll de-
ductions when the need for the FMLA leave is foreseeable). 
(d) The employing office must provide the 
employee with advance written notice of the terms and conditions under which these pay-ments must be made. See 825. 300(c). 
(e) An employing office may not require 
more of an employee using unpaid FMLA leave than the employing office requires of other employees on leave without pay. 
(f) An employee who is receiving payments 
as a result of a workers’ compensation injury must make arrangements with the employ-ing office for payment of group health plan benefits when simultaneously taking FMLA leave. See 825.207(e). 
825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- 
employer health plans. 
(a) A multi-employer health plan is a plan 
to which more than one employing office is required to contribute, and which is main-tained pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements between employee or-ganization(s) and the employing offices. 
(b) An employing office under a multi-em-
ployer plan must continue to make contribu-tions on behalf of an employee using FMLA leave as though the employee had been con-tinuously employed, unless the plan contains an explicit FMLA provision for maintaining coverage such as through pooled contribu-tions by all employing offices party to the plan. 
(c) During the duration of an employee’s 
FMLA leave, coverage by the group health plan, and benefits provided pursuant to the plan, must be maintained at the level of cov-erage and benefits which were applicable to the employee at the time FMLA leave com-menced. 
(d) An employee using FMLA leave cannot 
be required to use banked hours or pay a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6035 September 16, 2015 
greater premium than the employee would 
have been required to pay if the employee had been continuously employed. 
(e) As provided in 825.209(f) of this part, 
group health plan coverage must be main-tained for an employee on FMLA leave until: 
(1) The employee’s FMLA leave entitle-
ment is exhausted; 
(2) The employing office can show that the 
employee would have been laid off and the employment relationship terminated; or 
(3) The employee provides unequivocal no-
tice of intent not to return to work. 
825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan 
premium payments. 
(a)(1) In the absence of an established em-
ploying office policy providing a longer grace period, an employing office’s obligations to maintain health insurance coverage cease under FMLA if an employee’s premium pay-ment is more than 30 days late. In order to drop the coverage for an employee whose premium payment is late, the employing of-fice must provide written notice to the em-ployee that the payment has not been re-ceived. Such notice must be mailed to the employee at least 15 days before coverage is to cease, advising that coverage will be dropped on a specified date at least 15 days after the date of the letter unless the pay-ment has been received by that date. If the employing office has established policies re-garding other forms of unpaid leave that pro-vide for the employing office to cease cov-erage retroactively to the date the unpaid premium payment was due, the employing office may drop the employee from coverage retroactively in accordance with that policy, provided the 15-day notice was given. In the absence of such a policy, coverage for the employee may be terminated at the end of the 30-day grace period, where the required 15-day notice has been provided. 
(2) An employing office has no obligation 
regarding the maintenance of a health insur-ance policy which is not a group health plan. See 825.209(a). 
(3) All other obligations of an employing 
office under FMLA would continue; for ex-ample, the employing office continues to have an obligation to reinstate an employee upon return from leave. 
(b) The employing office may recover the 
employee’s share of any premium payments missed by the employee for any FMLA leave period during which the employing office maintains health coverage by paying the em-ployee’s share after the premium payment is missed. 
(c) If coverage lapses because an employee 
has not made required premium payments, upon the employee’s return from FMLA 
leave the employing office must still restore the employee to coverage/benefits equivalent to those the employee would have had if leave had not been taken and the premium payment(s) had not been missed, including family or dependent coverage. See 
825.215(d)(1)-(5). In such case, an employee may not be required to meet any qualifica-tion requirements imposed by the plan, in-cluding any new preexisting condition wait-ing period, to wait for an open season, or to pass a medical examination to obtain rein-statement of coverage. If an employing office terminates an employee’s insurance in ac-cordance with this section and fails to re-store the employee’s health insurance as re-quired by this section upon the employee’s return, the employing office may be liable for benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for ap-propriate equitable relief tailored to the harm suffered. 
825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit 
costs. 
(a) In addition to the circumstances dis-
cussed in 825.212(b), an employing office may recover its share of health plan premiums 
during a period of unpaid FMLA leave from an employee if the employee fails to return to work after the employee’s FMLA leave en-titlement has been exhausted or expires, un-less the reason the employee does not return is due to: 
(1) The continuation, recurrence, or onset 
of either a serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, which would otherwise enti-tle the employee to leave under FMLA; or 
(2) Other circumstances beyond the em-
ployee’s control. Examples of other cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control are necessarily broad. They include such sit-uations as where a parent chooses to stay home with a newborn child who has a serious health condition; an employee’s spouse is un-expectedly transferred to a job location more than 75 miles from the employee’s worksite; a relative or individual other than a covered family member has a serious health condi-tion and the employee is needed to provide care; the employee is laid off while on leave; or, the employee is a key employee who de-cides not to return to work upon being noti-fied of the employing office’s intention to deny restoration because of substantial and grievous economic injury to the employing 
office’s operations and is not reinstated by the employing office. Other circumstances beyond the employee’s control would not in-clude a situation where an employee desires to remain with a parent in a distant city even though the parent no longer requires the employee’s care, or a parent chooses not to return to work to stay home with a well, newborn child. 
(3) When an employee fails to return to 
work because of the continuation, recur-rence, or onset of either a serious health con-dition of the employee or employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, thereby precluding the employing office from recovering its (share of) health benefit premium payments made on the employee’s behalf during a pe-riod of unpaid FMLA leave, the employing office may require medical certification of the employee’s or the family member’s seri-ous health condition or the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Such certification is not required unless re-quested by the employing office. The cost of the certification shall be borne by the em-ployee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. The employee is required to provide medical certification in a timely manner which, for purposes of this section, is within 30 days from the date of the employing office’s request. For purposes of medical certification, the employee may use the optional forms developed for this purpose. See 825.306(b), 825.310(c)-(d) and 
Forms A, B, and F. If the employing office requests medical certification and the em-ployee does not provide such certification in a timely manner (within 30 days), or the rea-son for not returning to work does not meet the test of other circumstances beyond the employee’s control, the employing office may recover 100 percent of the health benefit premiums it paid during the period of unpaid FMLA leave. 
(b) Under some circumstances an employ-
ing office may elect to maintain other bene-fits, e.g., life insurance, disability insurance, 
etc., by paying the employee’s (share of) pre-
miums during periods of unpaid FMLA leave. For example, to ensure the employing office can meet its responsibilities to provide equivalent benefits to the employee upon re-turn from unpaid FMLA leave, it may be necessary that premiums be paid continu-ously to avoid a lapse of coverage. If the em-ploying office elects to maintain such bene-
fits during the leave, at the conclusion of leave, the employing office is entitled to re-cover only the costs incurred for paying the employee’s share of any premiums whether or not the employee returns to work. 
(c) An employee who returns to work for at 
least 30 calendar days is considered to have returned to work. An employee who trans-fers directly from taking FMLA leave to re-tirement, or who retires during the first 30 days after the employee returns to work, is deemed to have returned to work. 
(d) When an employee elects or an employ-
ing office requires paid leave to be sub-stituted for FMLA leave, the employing of-fice may not recover its (share of) health in-surance or other non-health benefit pre-miums for any period of FMLA leave covered by paid leave. Because paid leave provided under a plan covering temporary disabilities (including workers’ compensation) is not un-paid, recovery of health insurance premiums does not apply to such paid leave. 
(e) The amount that self-insured employ-
ing offices may recover is limited to only the employing office’s share of allowable pre-miums as would be calculated under COBRA, excluding the two percent fee for administra-tive costs. 
(f) When an employee fails to return to 
work, any health and non-health benefit pre-miums which this section of the regulations permits an employing office to recover are a debt owed by the non-returning employee to the employing office. The existence of this debt caused by the employee’s failure to re-turn to work does not alter the employing office’s responsibilities for health benefit coverage and, under a self-insurance plan, payment of claims incurred during the pe-riod of FMLA leave. To the extent recovery is allowed, the employing office may recover the costs through deduction from any sums due to the employee ( e.g., unpaid wages, va-
cation pay, etc.), provided such deductions do 
not otherwise violate applicable wage pay-ment or other laws. Alternatively, the em-ploying office may initiate legal action against the employee to recover such costs. 
825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 
General Rule. On return from FMLA leave, 
an employee is entitled to be returned to the same position the employee held when leave commenced, or to an equivalent position with equivalent benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. An em-ployee is entitled to such reinstatement even if the employee has been replaced or his or her position has been restructured to accom-modate the employee’s absence. See also 
825.106(e) for the obligations of employing of-fices that are joint employers. 
825.215 Equivalent position. 
(a) Equivalent position. An equivalent posi-
tion is one that is virtually identical to the employee’s former position in terms of pay, benefits and working conditions, including privileges, prerequisites and status. It must involve the same or substantially similar du-ties and responsibilities, which must entail substantially equivalent skill, effort, respon-sibility, and authority. 
(b) Conditions to qualify. If an employee is 
no longer qualified for the position because of the employee’s inability to attend a nec-essary course, renew a license, etc., as a re-
sult of the leave, the employee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to fulfill those con-ditions upon return to work. 
(c) Equivalent Pay. (1) An employee is enti-
tled to any unconditional pay increases which may have occurred during the FMLA leave period, such as cost of living increases. Pay increases conditioned upon seniority, length of service, or work performed must be granted in accordance with the employing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6036 September 16, 2015 
office’s policy or practice with respect to 
other employees on an equivalent leave sta-tus for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. An employee is entitled to be restored to a position with the same or equivalent pay premiums, such as a shift dif-ferential. If an employee departed from a po-sition averaging ten hours of overtime (and corresponding overtime pay) each week, an employee is ordinarily entitled to such a po-sition on return from FMLA leave. 
(2) Equivalent pay includes any bonus or 
payment, whether it is discretionary or non- discretionary, made to employees consistent 
with the provisions of paragraph (c)(1) of this section. However, if a bonus or other pay-ment is based on the achievement of a speci-fied goal such as hours worked, products sold or perfect attendance, and the employee has not met the goal due to FMLA leave, then the payment may be denied, unless otherwise paid to employees on an equivalent leave status for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. For example, if an employee who used paid vacation leave for a non- FMLA purpose would receive the payment, then the employee who used paid vacation leave for an FMLA-protected purpose also must receive the payment. 
(d) Equivalent benefits. Benefits include all 
benefits provided or made available to em-ployees by an employing office, including group life insurance, health insurance, dis-ability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational benefits, and pensions, regard-less of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office through an employee benefit plan. 
(1) At the end of an employee’s FMLA 
leave, benefits must be resumed in the same manner and at the same levels as provided when the leave began, and subject to any changes in benefit levels that may have taken place during the period of FMLA leave affecting the entire work force, unless other-wise elected by the employee. Upon return from FMLA leave, an employee cannot be re-quired to requalify for any benefits the em-ployee enjoyed before FMLA leave began (in-cluding family or dependent coverages). For example, if an employee was covered by a life insurance policy before taking leave but is not covered or coverage lapses during the period of unpaid FMLA leave, the employee cannot be required to meet any qualifica-tions, such as taking a physical examina-tion, in order to requalify for life insurance upon return from leave. Accordingly, some employing offices may find it necessary to modify life insurance and other benefits pro-grams in order to restore employees to equivalent benefits upon return from FMLA leave, make arrangements for continued payment of costs to maintain such benefits during unpaid FMLA leave, or pay these costs subject to recovery from the employee on return from leave. See 825.213(b). 
(2) An employee may, but is not entitled 
to, accrue any additional benefits or senior-ity during unpaid FMLA leave. Benefits ac-crued at the time leave began, however, ( e.g., 
paid vacation, sick or personal leave to the extent not substituted for FMLA leave) must be available to an employee upon return from leave. 
(3) If, while on unpaid FMLA leave, an em-
ployee desires to continue life insurance, dis-ability insurance, or other types of benefits for which he or she typically pays, the em-ploying office is required to follow estab-lished policies or practices for continuing such benefits for other instances of leave without pay. If the employing office has no established policy, the employee and the em-ploying office are encouraged to agree upon arrangements before FMLA leave begins. 
(4) With respect to pension and other re-
tirement plans, any period of unpaid FMLA leave shall not be treated as or counted to-
ward a break in service for purposes of vest-ing and eligibility to participate. Also, if the plan requires an employee to be employed on a specific date in order to be credited with a year of service for vesting, contributions or participation purposes, an employee on un-paid FMLA leave on that date shall be deemed to have been employed on that date. However, unpaid FMLA leave periods need not be treated as credited service for pur-poses of benefit accrual, vesting and eligi-bility to participate. 
(5) Employees on unpaid FMLA leave are 
to be treated as if they continued to work for purposes of changes to benefit plans. They are entitled to changes in benefits plans, ex-cept those which may be dependent upon se-niority or accrual during the leave period, immediately upon return from leave or to the same extent they would have qualified if no leave had been taken. For example if the benefit plan is predicated on a pre-estab-lished number of hours worked each year and the employee does not have sufficient hours as a result of taking unpaid FMLA leave, the benefit is lost. (In this regard, 825.209 ad-dresses health benefits.) 
(e) Equivalent terms and conditions of em-
ployment. An equivalent position must have 
substantially similar duties, conditions, re-sponsibilities, privileges and status as the employee’s original position. 
(1) The employee must be reinstated to the 
same or a geographically proximate worksite (i.e., one that does not involve a significant 
increase in commuting time or distance) from where the employee had previously been employed. If the employee’s original worksite has been closed, the employee is en-titled to the same rights as if the employee had not been on leave when the worksite closed. For example, if an employing office transfers all employees from a closed work-site to a new worksite in a different city, the employee on leave is also entitled to transfer under the same conditions as if he or she had continued to be employed. 
(2) The employee is ordinarily entitled to 
return to the same shift or the same or an equivalent work schedule. 
(3) The employee must have the same or an 
equivalent opportunity for bonuses, and other similar discretionary and non-discre-tionary payments. 
(4) FMLA does not prohibit an employing 
office from accommodating an employee’s request to be restored to a different shift, schedule, or position which better suits the employee’s personal needs on return from leave, or to offer a promotion to a better po-sition. However, an employee cannot be in-duced by the employing office to accept a different position against the employee’s wishes. 
(f) De minimis exception. The requirement 
that an employee be restored to the same or equivalent job with the same or equivalent pay, benefits, and terms and conditions of employment does not extend to de minimis, intangible, or unmeasurable aspects of the job. 
825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to 
reinstatement. 
(a) An employee has no greater right to re-
instatement or to other benefits and condi-tions of employment than if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. An employing office must be able to show that an employee would not otherwise have been employed at the time reinstatement is requested in order to deny restoration to employment. For ex-ample: 
(1) If an employee is laid off during the 
course of taking FMLA leave and employ-ment is terminated, the employing office’s responsibility to continue FMLA leave, 
maintain group health plan benefits and re-store the employee ceases at the time the employee is laid off, provided the employing office has no continuing obligations under a collective bargaining agreement or other-wise. An employing office would have the burden of proving that an employee would have been laid off during the FMLA leave pe-riod and, therefore, would not be entitled to restoration. Restoration to a job slated for lay-off when the employee’s original position is not would not meet the requirements of an equivalent position. 
(2) If a shift has been eliminated, or over-
time has been decreased, an employee would not be entitled to return to work that shift or the original overtime hours upon restora-tion. However, if a position on, for example, a night shift has been filled by another em-ployee, the employee is entitled to return to the same shift on which employed before taking FMLA leave. 
(3) If an employee was hired for a specific 
term or only to perform work on a discrete project, the employing office has no obliga-tion to restore the employee if the employ-ment term or project is over and the employ-ing office would not otherwise have contin-ued to employ the employee. On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the work was assigned to another em-ploying office, the successor employing of-fice may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office. See 
825.107. 
(b) In addition to the circumstances ex-
plained above, an employing office may deny job restoration to salaried eligible employees (key employees, as defined in 825.217(c)), if such denial is necessary to prevent substan-tial and grievous economic injury to the op-erations of the employing office; or may delay restoration to an employee who fails to provide a fitness-for-duty certificate to return to work under the conditions de-scribed in 825.312. 
(c) If the employee is unable to perform an 
essential function of the position because of a physical or mental condition, including the continuation of a serious health condition or an injury or illness also covered by workers’ compensation, the employee has no right to restoration to another position under the FMLA. The employing office’s obligations may, however, be governed by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA. See 825.702. 
(d) An employee who fraudulently obtains 
FMLA leave from an employing office is not protected by the job restoration or mainte-nance of health benefits provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(e) If the employing office has a uniformly- 
applied policy governing outside or supple-mental employment, such a policy may con-tinue to apply to an employee while on FMLA leave. An employing office which does not have such a policy may not deny benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, on this basis unless the FMLA leave was fraudu-lently obtained as in paragraph (d) of this section. 
825.217 Key employee, general rule. 
(a) A key employee is a salaried FMLA-eligi-
ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. 
(b) The term salaried means paid on a sal-
ary basis, within the meaning of the Board’s regulations at part 541, implementing sec-tion 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), regarding employees who may qualify as exempt from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6037 September 16, 2015 
the minimum wage and overtime require-
ments of the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA, as executive, administrative, and professional employees). 
(c) A key employee must be among the 
highest paid 10 percent of all the employ-ees—both salaried and non-salaried, eligible and ineligible—who are employed by the em-ploying office within 75 miles of the work-site. 
(1) In determining which employees are 
among the highest paid 10 percent, year- to- date earnings are divided by weeks worked by the employee (including weeks in which paid leave was taken). Earnings include wages, premium pay, incentive pay, and non- discretionary and discretionary bonuses. Earnings do not include incentives whose value is determined at some future date, e.g., 
benefits or prerequisites. 
(2) The determination of whether a salaried 
employee is among the highest paid 10 per-cent shall be made at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave. No more than 10 percent of the employing office’s em-ployees within 75 miles of the worksite may be key employees. 
825.218 Substantial and grievous economic 
injury. 
(a) In order to deny restoration to a key 
employee, an employing office must deter-mine that the restoration of the employee to employment will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to the operations of the employing office, not whether the ab-sence of the employee will cause such sub-stantial and grievous injury. 
(b) An employing office may take into ac-
count its ability to replace on a temporary basis (or temporarily do without) the em-ployee on FMLA leave. If permanent replace-ment is unavoidable, the cost of then rein-stating the employee can be considered in evaluating whether substantial and grievous economic injury will occur from restoration; in other words, the effect on the operations of the employing office of reinstating the employee in an equivalent position. 
(c) A precise test cannot be set for the 
level of hardship or injury to the employing office which must be sustained. If the rein-statement of a key employee threatens the economic viability of the employing office, that would constitute substantial and griev-ous economic injury. A lesser injury which causes substantial, long-term economic in-jury would also be sufficient. Minor incon-veniences and costs that the employing of-fice would experience in the normal course would certainly not constitute substantial and grievous economic injury. 
(d) FMLA’s substantial and grievous eco-
nomic injury standard is different from and more stringent than the undue hardship test under the ADA. See also 825.702. 
825.219 Rights of a key employee 
(a) An employing office that believes that 
reinstatement may be denied to a key em-ployee, must give written notice to the em-ployee at the time the employee gives notice of the need for FMLA leave (or when FMLA leave commences, if earlier) that he or she qualifies as a key employee. At the same time, the employing office must also fully inform the employee of the potential con-sequences with respect to reinstatement and maintenance of health benefits if the em-ploying office should determine that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations will result if the employee is reinstated from FMLA leave. If such notice cannot be given imme-diately because of the need to determine whether the employee is a key employee, it shall be given as soon as practicable after being notified of a need for leave (or the commencement of leave, if earlier). It is ex-pected that in most circumstances there will 
be no desire that an employee be denied res-toration after FMLA leave and, therefore, there would be no need to provide such no-tice. However, an employing office who fails to provide such timely notice will lose its right to deny restoration even if substantial and grievous economic injury will result from reinstatement. 
(b) As soon as an employing office makes a 
good faith determination, based on the facts available, that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury to its operations will result if a key employee who has given notice of the need for FMLA leave or is using FMLA leave is reinstated, the employing office shall no-tify the employee in writing of its deter-mination, that it cannot deny FMLA leave, and that it intends to deny restoration to employment on completion of the FMLA leave. It is anticipated that an employing of-fice will ordinarily be able to give such no-tice prior to the employee starting leave. The employing office must serve this notice either in person or by certified mail. This no-tice must explain the basis for the employing office’s finding that substantial and grievous economic injury will result, and, if leave has commenced, must provide the employee a reasonable time in which to return to work, taking into account the circumstances, such as the length of the leave and the urgency of the need for the employee to return. 
(c) If an employee on leave does not return 
to work in response to the employing office’s notification of intent to deny restoration, the employee continues to be entitled to maintenance of health benefits and the em-ploying office may not recover its cost of health benefit premiums. A key employee’s rights under FMLA continue unless and until the employee either gives notice that he or she no longer wishes to return to work, or the employing office actually denies rein-statement at the conclusion of the leave pe-riod. 
(d) After notice to an employee has been 
given that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury will result if the employee is reinstated to employment, an employee is still entitled to request reinstatement at the end of the leave period even if the employee did not return to work in response to the em-ploying office’s notice. The employing office must then again determine whether there will be substantial and grievous economic in-jury from reinstatement, based on the facts at that time. If it is determined that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury will result, the employing office shall notify the employee in writing (in person or by cer-tified mail) of the denial of restoration. 
825.220 Protection for employees who request 
leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
(a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, prohibits interference with an employ-ee’s rights under the law, and with legal pro-ceedings or inquiries relating to an employ-ee’s rights. More specifically, the law con-tains the following employee protections: 
(1) An employing office is prohibited from 
interfering with, restraining, or denying the exercise of (or attempts to exercise) any rights provided by the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. 
(2) An employing office is prohibited from 
discharging or in any other way discrimi-nating against any covered employee (wheth-er or not an eligible employee) for opposing or complaining about any unlawful practice under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(3) All employing offices are prohibited 
from discharging or in any other way dis-criminating against any covered employee (whether or not an eligible employee) be-cause that covered employee has— (i) Filed any charge, or has instituted (or 
caused to be instituted) any proceeding under or related to the FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA; 
(ii) Given, or is about to give, any informa-
tion in connection with an inquiry or pro-ceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; 
(iii) Testified, or is about to testify, in any 
inquiry or proceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(b) Any violations of the FMLA, as made 
applicable by the CAA, or of these regula-tions constitute interfering with, restrain-ing, or denying the exercise of rights pro-vided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the vio-lation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). Interfering with 
the exercise of an employee’s rights would include, for example, not only refusing to au-thorize FMLA leave, but discouraging an em-ployee from using such leave. It would also include manipulation by a covered employ-ing office to avoid responsibilities under FMLA, for example: 
(1) [Reserved] (2) Changing the essential functions of the 
job in order to preclude the taking of leave; or 
(3) Reducing hours available to work in 
order to avoid employee eligibility. 
(c) The FMLA’s prohibition against inter-
ference prohibits an employing office from discriminating or retaliating against an em-ployee or prospective employee for having exercised or attempted to exercise FMLA rights. For example, if an employee on leave without pay would otherwise be entitled to full benefits (other than health benefits), the same benefits would be required to be pro-vided to an employee on unpaid FMLA leave. By the same token, employing offices cannot use the taking of FMLA leave as a negative factor in employment actions, such as hir-ing, promotions or disciplinary actions; nor can FMLA leave be counted under no fault attendance policies. See 825.215. 
(d) Employees cannot waive, nor may em-
ploying offices induce employees to waive, their rights under FMLA. For example, em-ployees (or their collective bargaining rep-resentatives) cannot trade off the right to take FMLA leave against some other benefit offered by the employing office. Except for settlement agreements covered by 1414 and/ or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the approval of the Office of Compliance or a court. Nor does it prevent an employee’s vol-untary and uncoerced acceptance (not as a condition of employment) of a light duty as-signment while recovering from a serious health condition. See 825.702(d). An employ-
ee’s acceptance of such light duty assign-ment does not constitute a waiver of the em-ployee’s prospective rights, including the right to be restored to the same position the employee held at the time the employee’s FMLA leave commenced or to an equivalent position. The employee’s right to restora-tion, however, ceases at the end of the appli-cable 12-month FMLA leave year. 
(e) Individuals, and not merely covered em-
ployees, are protected from retaliation for opposing (e.g., filing a complaint about) any practice which is unlawful under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. They are similarly protected if they oppose any prac-tice which they reasonably believe to be a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6038 September 16, 2015 
violation of the FMLA, as made applicable 
by the CAA, or regulations. 
Subpart C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA 
825.300 Employing office notice require-
ments. 
(a)(1) If an employing office has any eligi-
ble employees and has any written guidance to employees concerning employee benefits or leave rights, such as in an employee hand-book, information concerning both entitle-ments and employee obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, must be included in the handbook or other docu-ment. For example, if an employing office provides an employee handbook to all em-ployees that describes the employing office’s policies regarding leave, wages, attendance, and similar matters, the handbook must in-corporate information on FMLA rights and responsibilities and the employing office’s policies regarding the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. Informational publica-tions describing the provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, are available from the Office of Compliance and may be in-corporated in such employing office hand-books or written policies. 
(2) If such an employing office does not 
have written policies, manuals, or handbooks describing employee benefits and leave pro-visions, the employing office shall provide written guidance to an employee concerning all the employee’s rights and obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. This notice shall be provided to em-ployees each time notice is given pursuant to paragraph (c), and in accordance with the provisions of that paragraph. Employing of-fices may duplicate and provide the em-ployee a copy of the FMLA Fact Sheet avail-able from the Office of Compliance to pro-vide such guidance. 
(b) Eligibility notice. (1) When an employee 
requests FMLA leave, or when the employing office acquires knowledge that an employee’s leave may be for an FMLA-qualifying reason, the employing office must notify the em-ployee of the employee’s eligibility to take FMLA leave within five business days, ab-sent extenuating circumstances. See 825.110 
for definition of an eligible employee. Em-ployee eligibility is determined (and notice must be provided) at the commencement of the first instance of leave for each FMLA- qualifying reason in the applicable 12-month period. See 825.127(c) and 825.200(b). All FMLA 
absences for the same qualifying reason are considered a single leave and employee eligi-bility as to that reason for leave does not change during the applicable 12-month pe-riod. 
(2) The eligibility notice must state wheth-
er the employee is eligible for FMLA leave as defined in 825.110. If the employee is not eligible for FMLA leave, the notice must state at least one reason why the employee is not eligible, including as applicable the number of months the employee has been employed by the employing office and the hours of service with the employing office during the 12-month period. Notification of eligibility may be oral or in writing; employ-ing offices may use Form C to provide such notification to employees. The employing of-fice is obligated to translate this notice in any situation in which it is obligated to do so in 825.300(a)(4). 
(3) If, at the time an employee provides no-
tice of a subsequent need for FMLA leave during the applicable 12-month period due to a different FMLA-qualifying reason, and the employee’s eligibility status has not changed, no additional eligibility notice is required. If, however, the employee’s eligi-bility status has changed ( e.g., if the em-
ployee has not met the hours of service re-quirement in the 12 months preceding the commencement of leave for the subsequent qualifying reason), the employing office must notify the employee of the change in eligibility status within five business days, absent extenuating circumstances. 
(c) Rights and responsibilities notice. (1) Em-
ploying offices shall provide written notice detailing the specific expectations and obli-gations of the employee and explaining any consequences of a failure to meet these obli-gations. The employing office is obligated to translate this notice in any situation in which it is obligated to do so in 825.300(a)(4). This notice shall be provided to the em-ployee each time the eligibility notice is pro-vided pursuant to paragraph (b) of this sec-tion. If leave has already begun, the notice should be mailed to the employee’s address of record. Such specific notice must include, as appropriate: 
(i) That the leave may be designated and 
counted against the employee’s annual FMLA leave entitlement if qualifying ( see 
825.300(c) and 825.301) and the applicable 12- month period for FMLA entitlement ( see 
825.127(c), 825.200(b), (f), and (g)); 
(ii) Any requirements for the employee to 
furnish certification of a serious health con-dition, serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency arising out of active duty or call to active duty status, and the consequences of failing to do so ( see 825.305, 825.309, 825.310, 
825.313); 
(iii) The employee’s right to substitute 
paid leave, whether the employing office will require the substitution of paid leave, the conditions related to any substitution, and the employee’s entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if the employee does not meet the conditions for paid leave ( see 825.207); 
(iv) Any requirement for the employee to 
make any premium payments to maintain health benefits and the arrangements for making such payments ( see 825.210), and the 
possible consequences of failure to make such payments on a timely basis ( i.e., the 
circumstances under which coverage may lapse); 
(v) The employee’s status as a key em-
ployee and the potential consequence that restoration may be denied following FMLA leave, explaining the conditions required for such denial ( see 825.218); 
(vi) The employee’s right to maintenance 
of benefits during the FMLA leave and res-toration to the same or an equivalent job upon return from FMLA leave ( see 825.214 and 
825.604); and 
(vii) The employee’s potential liability for 
payment of health insurance premiums paid by the employing office during the employ-ee’s unpaid FMLA leave if the employee fails to return to work after taking FMLA leave (see 825.213). 
(2) The notice of rights and responsibilities 
may include other information— e.g., wheth-
er the employing office will require periodic reports of the employee’s status and intent to return to work—but is not required to do so. 
(3) The notice of rights and responsibilities 
may be accompanied by any required certifi-cation form. 
(4) If the specific information provided by 
the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, the employing office shall, within five business days of receipt of the employ-ee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, provide written notice ref-erencing the prior notice and setting forth any of the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities that has changed. For example, if the initial leave period was paid leave and the subsequent leave period would be unpaid leave, the employing office may need to give notice of the arrangements for 
making premium payments. 
(5) Employing offices are also expected to 
responsively answer questions from employ-ees concerning their rights and responsibil-ities under the FMLA, as made applicable under the CAA. 
(6) A prototype notice of rights and respon-
sibilities may be obtained in Form C, or from the Office of Compliance. Employing of-fices may adapt the prototype notice as ap-propriate to meet these notice requirements. The notice of rights and responsibilities may 
be distributed electronically so long as it otherwise meets the requirements of this section. 
(d) Designation notice . (1) The employing of-
fice is responsible in all circumstances for designating leave as FMLA-qualifying, and for giving notice of the designation to the employee as provided in this section. When the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason ( e.g., 
after receiving a certification), the employ-ing office must notify the employee whether the leave will be designated and will be counted as FMLA leave within five business days absent extenuating circumstances. Only one notice of designation is required for each FMLA-qualifying reason per applicable 12- month period, regardless of whether the leave taken due to the qualifying reason will be a continuous block of leave or intermit-tent or reduced schedule leave. If the em-ploying office determines that the leave will not be designated as FMLA-qualifying ( e.g., 
if the leave is not for a reason covered by FMLA or the FMLA leave entitlement has been exhausted), the employing office must notify the employee of that determination. If the employing office requires paid leave to be substituted for unpaid FMLA leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employ-ing office must inform the employee of this designation at the time of designating the FMLA leave. 
(2) If the employing office has sufficient in-
formation to designate the leave as FMLA leave immediately after receiving notice of the employee’s need for leave, the employing office may provide the employee with the designation notice at that time. 
(3) If the employing office will require the 
employee to present a fitness-for-duty cer-tification to be restored to employment, the employing office must provide notice of such requirement with the designation notice. If the employing office will require that the fitness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position, the em-ploying office must so indicate in the des-ignation notice, and must include a list of the essential functions of the employee’s po-sition. See 825.312. If the employing office’s 
handbook or other written documents (if 
any) describing the employing office’s leave policies clearly provide that a fitness-for- duty certification will be required in specific circumstances ( e.g., by stating that fitness- 
for-duty certification will be required in all cases of back injuries for employees in a cer-tain occupation), the employing office is not required to provide written notice of the re-quirement with the designation notice, but must provide oral notice no later than with the designation notice. 
(4) The designation notice must be in writ-
ing. A prototype designation notice is con-tained in Form D or may be obtained from the Office of Compliance. If the leave is not designated as FMLA leave because it does not meet the requirements of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the notice to the employee that the leave is not des-ignated as FMLA leave may be in the form of a simple written statement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6039 September 16, 2015 
(5) If the information provided by the em-
ploying office to the employee in the des-ignation notice changes ( e.g., the employee 
exhausts the FMLA leave entitlement), the employing office shall provide, within five business days of receipt of the employee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, written notice of the change. 
(6) The employing office must notify the 
employee of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. If the amount of leave needed is known at the time the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA-qualifying, the employing office must notify the employee of the number of hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement in the designation notice. If it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), then the employing of-fice must provide notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement upon the request by the employee, but no more often than once in a 30-day period and only if leave was taken in that period. The notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement may be oral or in writing. If such notice is oral, it shall be confirmed in writing no later than the following payday (unless the payday is less than one week after the oral notice, in which case the no-tice must be no later than the subsequent payday). Such written notice may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub. 
(e) Consequences of failing to provide notice . 
Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). 
825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 
(a) Employing office responsibilities . The em-
ploying office’s decision to designate leave as FMLA-qualifying must be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s spokesperson ( e.g., if the em-
ployee is incapacitated, the employee’s spouse, adult child, parent, doctor, etc., may 
provide notice to the employing office of the need to take FMLA leave). In any cir-cumstance where the employing office does not have sufficient information about the reason for an employee’s use of leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or the spokesperson to ascer-tain whether leave is potentially FMLA- qualifying. Once the employing office has ac-quired knowledge that the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ploying office must notify the employee as provided in 825.300(d). 
(b) Employee responsibilities . An employee 
giving notice of the need for FMLA leave does not need to expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA to meet his or her obligation to provide notice, though the employee would need to state a quali-fying reason for the needed leave and other-wise satisfy the notice requirements set forth in 825.302 or 825.303 depending on whether the need for leave is foreseeable or unforeseeable. An employee giving notice of the need for FMLA leave must explain the reasons for the needed leave so as to allow the employing office to determine whether 
the leave qualifies under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. If the employee fails to explain the reasons, leave may be denied. In many cases, in explaining the reasons for a request to use leave, especially when the need for the leave was unexpected or unfore-seen, an employee will provide sufficient in-formation for the employing office to des-ignate the leave as FMLA leave. An em-ployee using accrued paid leave may in some cases not spontaneously explain the reasons or their plans for using their accrued leave. However, if an employee requesting to use paid leave for a FMLA-qualifying reason does not explain the reason for the leave and the employing office denies the employee’s request, the employee will need to provide sufficient information to establish a FMLA- qualifying reason for the needed leave so that the employing office is aware that the leave may not be denied and may designate that the paid leave be appropriately counted against (substituted for) the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Similarly, an em-ployee using accrued paid vacation leave who seeks an extension of unpaid leave for a FMLA-qualifying reason will need to state the reason. If this is due to an event which occurred during the period of paid leave, the employing office may count the leave used after the FMLA-qualifying reason against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
(c) Disputes . If there is a dispute between 
an employing office and an employee as to whether leave qualifies as FMLA leave, it should be resolved through discussions be-tween the employee and the employing of-
fice. Such discussions and the decision must be documented. 
(d) Retroactive designation . If an employing 
office does not designate leave as required by 825.300, the employing office may retro-actively designate leave as FMLA leave with appropriate notice to the employee as re-quired by 825.300 provided that the employ-ing office’s failure to timely designate leave does not cause harm or injury to the em-ployee. In all cases where leave would qual-ify for FMLA protections, an employing of-fice and an employee can mutually agree that leave be retroactively designated as FMLA leave. 
(e) Remedies . If an employing office’s fail-
ure to timely designate leave in accordance with 825.300 causes the employee to suffer harm, it may constitute an interference with, restraint of, or denial of the exercise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for appro-priate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suf-fered. See 825.400(c). For example, if an em-
ploying office that was put on notice that an employee needed FMLA leave failed to des-ignate the leave properly, but the employee’s own serious health condition prevented him or her from returning to work during that time period regardless of the designation, an employee may not be able to show that the employee suffered harm as a result of the employing office’s actions. However, if an employee took leave to provide care for a son or daughter with a serious health condi-tion believing it would not count toward his or her FMLA entitlement, and the employee planned to later use that FMLA leave to pro-vide care for a spouse who would need assist-ance when recovering from surgery planned for a later date, the employee may be able to show that harm has occurred as a result of the employing office’s failure to designate properly. The employee might establish this by showing that he or she would have ar-ranged for an alternative caregiver for the 
seriously-ill son or daughter if the leave had been designated timely. 
825.302 Employee notice requirements for 
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
(a) Timing of notice . An employee must pro-
vide the employing office at least 30 days ad-vance notice before FMLA leave is to begin if the need for the leave is foreseeable based on an expected birth, placement for adoption or foster care, planned medical treatment for a serious health condition of the employee or of a family member, or the planned medical treatment for a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember. If 30 days notice is not practicable, such as because of a lack of knowledge of approximately when leave will be required to begin, a change in cir-cumstances, or a medical emergency, notice must be given as soon as practicable. For ex-ample, an employee’s health condition may require leave to commence earlier than an-ticipated before the birth of a child. Simi-larly, little opportunity for notice may be given before placement for adoption. For foreseeable leave due to a qualifying exi-gency, notice must be provided as soon as practicable, regardless of how far in advance such leave is foreseeable. Whether FMLA leave is to be continuous or is to be taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule basis, notice need only be given one time, but the employee shall advise the employing office as soon as practicable if dates of scheduled leave change or are extended, or were initially unknown. In those cases where the employee is required to provide at least 30 days notice of foreseeable leave and does not do so, the employee shall explain the reasons why such notice was not practicable upon a request from the employing office for such information. 
(b) As soon as practicable means as soon as 
both possible and practical, taking into ac-count all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case. When an employee be-comes aware of a need for FMLA leave less than 30 days in advance, it should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of the need for leave either the same day or the next business day. In all cases, however, the determination of when an employee could practicably provide notice must take into account the individual facts and cir-cumstances. 
(c) Content of notice . An employee shall 
provide at least verbal notice sufficient to make the employing office aware that the employee needs FMLA-qualifying leave, and the anticipated timing and duration of the leave. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), and that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b); if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family member unable to perform daily activities, or that the fam-ily member is a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness; and the antici-pated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ployee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA. When an em-ployee seeks leave due to a FMLA-qualifying reason, for which the employing office has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6040 September 16, 2015 
previously provided FMLA-protected leave, 
the employee must specifically reference the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. In all cases, the employing of-fice should inquire further of the employee if it is necessary to have more information about whether FMLA leave is being sought by the employee, and obtain the necessary details of the leave to be taken. In the case of medical conditions, the employing office may find it necessary to inquire further to determine if the leave is because of a serious health condition and may request medical certification to support the need for such leave. See 825.305. An employing office may 
also request certification to support the need for leave for a qualifying exigency or for military caregiver leave. See 825.309, 825.310. 
When an employee has been previously cer-tified for leave due to more than one FMLA- qualifying reason, the employing office may need to inquire further to determine for which qualifying reason the leave is needed. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to respond to rea-sonable employing office inquiries regarding the leave request may result in denial of FMLA protection if the employing office is unable to determine whether the leave is FMLA-qualifying. 
(d) Complying with the employing office pol-
icy. An employing office may require an em-
ployee to comply with the employing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For example, an em-ploying office may require that written no-tice set forth the reasons for the requested 
leave, the anticipated duration of the leave, and the anticipated start of the leave. An employee also may be required by an em-ploying office’s policy to contact a specific individual. Unusual circumstances would in-clude situations such as when an employee is unable to comply with the employing office’s policy that requests for leave should be made by contacting a specific number because on the day the employee needs to provide notice of his or her need for FMLA leave there is no one to answer the call-in number and the voice mail box is full. Where an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and procedural requirements, and no unusual circumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or denied. However, FMLA- protected leave may not be delayed or denied where the employing office’s policy requires notice to be given sooner than set forth in paragraph (a) of this section and the em-ployee provides timely notice as set forth in paragraph (a) of this section. 
(e) Scheduling planned medical treatment . 
When planning medical treatment, the em-ployee must consult with the employing of-fice and make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. Em-ployees are ordinarily expected to consult with their employing offices prior to the scheduling of treatment in order to work out a treatment schedule which best suits the needs of both the employing office and the employee. For example, if an employee who provides notice of the need to take FMLA leave on an intermittent basis for planned medical treatment neglects to consult with the employing office to make a reasonable effort to arrange the schedule of treatments so as not to unduly disrupt the employing of-fice’s operations, the employing office may initiate discussions with the employee and require the employee to attempt to make such arrangements, subject to the approval of the health care provider. See 825.203 and 
825.205. (f) Intermittent leave or leave on a reduced 
leave schedule must be medically necessary due to a serious health condition or a serious injury or illness. An employee shall advise the employing office, upon request, of the reasons why the intermittent/reduced leave schedule is necessary and of the schedule for treatment, if applicable. The employee and employing office shall attempt to work out a schedule for such leave that meets the em-ployee’s needs without unduly disrupting the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. 
(g) An employing office may waive employ-
ees’ FMLA notice requirements. See 825.304. 
825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
(a) Timing of notice . When the approximate 
timing of the need for leave is not foresee-able, an employee must provide notice to the employing office as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the par-ticular case. It generally should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of leave that is unforeseeable within the time prescribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applica-ble to such leave. See 825.303(c). Notice may 
be given by the employee’s spokesperson (e.g., spouse, adult family member, or other 
responsible party) if the employee is unable to do so personally. For example, if an em-ployee’s child has a severe asthma attack and the employee takes the child to the emergency room, the employee would not be required to leave his or her child in order to report the absence while the child is receiv-ing emergency treatment. However, if the child’s asthma attack required only the use of an inhaler at home followed by a period of rest, the employee would be expected to call the employing office promptly after ensuring the child has used the inhaler. 
(b) Content of notice . An employee shall 
provide sufficient information for an em-ploying office to reasonably determine whether the FMLA may apply to the leave request. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b), and the anticipated duration of the absence; or if the leave is for a family member that the condi-tion renders the family member unable to perform daily activities or that the family member is a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness; and the anticipated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even men-tion the FMLA. When an employee seeks leave due to a qualifying reason, for which the employing office has previously provided the employee FMLA-protected leave, the em-ployee must specifically reference either the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. Calling in ‘‘sick’’ without pro-viding more information will not be consid-ered sufficient notice to trigger an employ-ing office’s obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. The employing office will be expected to obtain any addi-tional required information through infor-mal means. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is 
potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to re-spond to reasonable employing office inquir-ies office regarding the leave request may re-sult in denial of FMLA protection if the em-ploying office is unable to determine wheth-er the leave is FMLA-qualifying. 
(c) Complying with employing office policy . 
When the need for leave is not foreseeable, an employee must comply with the employ-ing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For ex-ample, an employing office may require em-ployees to call a designated number or a spe-cific individual to request leave. However, if an employee requires emergency medical treatment, he or she would not be required to follow the call-in procedure until his or her condition is stabilized and he or she has access to, and is able to use, a phone. Simi-larly, in the case of an emergency requiring leave because of a FMLA-qualifying reason, written advance notice pursuant to an em-ploying office’s internal rules and procedures may not be required when FMLA leave is in-volved. If an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements, and no unusual cir-cumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or de-nied. 
825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 
(a) Proper notice required . In all cases, in 
order for the onset of an employee’s FMLA leave to be delayed due to lack of required notice, it must be clear that the employee had actual notice of the FMLA notice re-quirements. This condition would be satis-fied by the employing office’s proper posting, at the worksite where the employee is em-ployed, of the information regarding the FMLA provided (pursuant to section 301(h)(2) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1381(h)(2)) by the Office of Compliance to the employing office in a manner suitable for posting. 
(b) Foreseeable leave—30 days . When the 
need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance and an employee fails to give timely advance notice with no reason-able excuse, the employing office may delay FMLA coverage until 30 days after the date the employee provides notice. The need for leave and the approximate date leave would be taken must have been clearly foreseeable to the employee 30 days in advance of the leave. For example, knowledge that an em-ployee would receive a telephone call about the availability of a child for adoption at some unknown point in the future would not be sufficient to establish the leave was clear-ly foreseeable 30 days in advance. 
(c) Foreseeable leave—less than 30 days . 
When the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable fewer than 30 days in advance and an em-ployee fails to give notice as soon as prac-ticable under the particular facts and cir-cumstances, the extent to which an employ-ing office may delay FMLA coverage for leave depends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if an employee reasonably should have given the employing office two weeks’ notice but instead only provided one week’s notice, then the employing office may delay FMLA-protected leave for one week (thus, if the employing office elects to delay FMLA coverage and the employee nonetheless takes leave one week after pro-viding the notice ( i.e., a week before the two 
week notice period has been met) the leave will not be FMLA-protected). 
(d) Unforeseeable leave . When the need for 
FMLA leave is unforeseeable and an em-ployee fails to give notice in accordance with 825.303, the extent to which an employing of-fice may delay FMLA coverage for leave de-pends on the facts of the particular case. For 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6041 September 16, 2015 
example, if it would have been practicable 
for an employee to have given the employing office notice of the need for leave very soon after the need arises consistent with the em-ploying office’s policy, but instead the em-ployee provided notice two days after the leave began, then the employing office may delay FMLA coverage of the leave by two days. 
(e) Waiver of notice . An employing office 
may waive employees’ FMLA notice obliga-tions or the employing office’s own internal rules on leave notice requirements. If an em-ploying office does not waive the employee’s obligations under its internal leave rules, the employing office may take appropriate action under its internal rules and proce-dures for failure to follow its usual and cus-tomary notification rules, absent unusual circumstances, as long as the actions are taken in a manner that does not discrimi-nate against employees taking FMLA leave and the rules are not inconsistent with 825.303(a). 
825.305 Certification, general rule. 
(a) General . An employing office may re-
quire that an employee’s leave to care for the employee’s covered family member with a serious health condition, or due to the em-ployee’s own serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of the em-ployee’s position, be supported by a certifi-cation issued by the health care provider of the employee or the employee’s family mem-ber. An employing office may also require that an employee’s leave because of a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember with a serious injury or illness be supported by a certification, as described in 825.309 and 825.310, respectively. An employ-ing office must give notice of a requirement for certification each time a certification is required; such notice must be written notice whenever required by 825.300(c). An employ-ing office’s oral request to an employee to furnish any subsequent certification is suffi-cient. 
(b) Timing . In most cases, the employing of-
fice should request that an employee furnish certification at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days thereafter, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. The employing office may request certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its duration. The employee must provide the requested certification to the employing office within 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request, unless it is not practicable under the particular cir-cumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts or the employing office provides more than 15 calendar days to return the requested certification. 
(c) Complete and sufficient certification . The 
employee must provide a complete and suffi-cient certification to the employing office if required by the employing office in accord-ance with 825.306, 825.309, and 825.310. The em-ploying office shall advise an employee whenever the employing office finds a cer-tification incomplete or insufficient, and shall state in writing what additional infor-mation is necessary to make the certifi-cation complete and sufficient. A certifi-cation is considered incomplete if the em-ploying office receives a certification, but one or more of the applicable entries have not been completed. A certification is con-sidered insufficient if the employing office receives a complete certification, but the in-formation provided is vague, ambiguous, or non-responsive. The employing office must provide the employee with seven calendar days (unless not practicable under the par-
ticular circumstances despite the employee’s diligent good faith efforts) to cure any such deficiency. If the deficiencies specified by the employing office are not cured in the re-submitted certification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in ac-cordance with 825.313. A certification that is not returned to the employing office is not considered incomplete or insufficient, but constitutes a failure to provide certification. 
(d) Consequences . At the time the employ-
ing office requests certification, the employ-ing office must also advise an employee of the anticipated consequences of an employ-ee’s failure to provide adequate certification. If the employee fails to provide the employ-ing office with a complete and sufficient cer-tification, despite the opportunity to cure the certification as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, or fails to provide any certifi-cation, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in accordance with 825.313. It is the employee’s responsibility ei-ther to furnish a complete and sufficient cer-tification or to furnish the health care pro-vider providing the certification with any necessary authorization from the employee or the employee’s family member in order for the health care provider to release a com-plete and sufficient certification to the em-ploying office to support the employee’s FMLA request. This provision will apply in any case where an employing office requests a certification permitted by these regula-tions, whether it is the initial certification, a recertification, a second or third opinion, or a fitness-for-duty certificate, including 
any clarifications necessary to determine if such certifications are authentic and suffi-cient. See 825.306, 825.307, 825.308, and 825.312. 
(e) Annual medical certification . Where the 
employee’s need for leave due to the employ-ee’s own serious health condition, or the se-rious health condition of the employee’s cov-ered family member, lasts beyond a single leave year (as defined in 825.200), the employ-ing office may require the employee to pro-vide a new medical certification in each sub-sequent leave year. Such new medical cer-tifications are subject to the provisions for authentication and clarification set forth in 825.307, including second and third opinions. 
825.306 Content of medical certification for 
leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
(a) Required information . When leave is 
taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition, or the serious health condi-tion of a family member, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a medical certification from a health care provider that sets forth the following information: 
(1) The name, address, telephone number, 
and fax number of the health care provider and type of medical practice/specialization; 
(2) The approximate date on which the se-
rious health condition commenced, and its probable duration; 
(3) A statement or description of appro-
priate medical facts regarding the patient’s health condition for which FMLA leave is re-quested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. Such medical facts may include information on symptoms, diagnosis, hospitalization, doctor visits, whether medication has been prescribed, any referrals for evaluation or treatment (phys-ical therapy, for example), or any other regi-men of continuing treatment; 
(4) If the employee is the patient, informa-
tion sufficient to establish that the em-ployee cannot perform the essential func-tions of the employee’s job as well as the na-ture of any other work restrictions, and the likely duration of such inability (see 825.123(b) and (c)); (5) If the patient is a covered family mem-
ber with a serious health condition, informa-tion sufficient to establish that the family member is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the leave required to care for the family member; 
(6) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment of the employee’s or a covered family member’s serious health condition, information sufficient to establish the medical necessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the dates and duration of such treatments and any periods of recovery; 
(7) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for the employee’s serious health condition, in-cluding pregnancy, that may result in un-foreseeable episodes of incapacity, informa-tion sufficient to establish the medical ne-cessity for such intermittent or reduced 
schedule leave and an estimate of the fre-quency and duration of the episodes of inca-pacity; and 
(8) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered family member with a se-rious health condition, a statement that such leave is medically necessary to care for the family member, as described in 825.124 and 825.203(b), which can include assisting in the family member’s recovery, and an esti-mate of the frequency and duration of the re-quired leave. 
(b) The Office of Compliance has developed 
two optional forms (Form A and Form B) for use in obtaining medical certification, in-cluding second and third opinions, from health care providers that meets FMLA’s certification requirements, as made applica-ble by the CAA. ( See Forms A and B.) Op-
tional Form A is for use when the employee’s need for leave is due to the employee’s own serious health condition. Optional Form B is for use when the employee needs leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. These optional forms re-flect certification requirements so as to per-mit the health care provider to furnish ap-propriate medical information. Forms A and B are modeled closely on Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as revised, which were devel-oped by the Department of Labor ( see 29 
C.F.R. Part 825). The employing office may use the Office of Compliance’s forms, or Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as re-vised, or another form containing the same basic information; however, no information may be required beyond that specified in 825.306, 825.307, and 825.308. In all instances the information on the form must relate only to the serious health condition for which the current need for leave exists. 
(c) If an employee is on FMLA leave run-
ning concurrently with a workers’ compensa-tion absence, and the provisions of the work-ers’ compensation statute permit the em-ploying office or the employing office’s rep-resentative to request additional informa-tion from the employee’s workers’ com-pensation health care provider, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the applicable workers’ compensa-tion provisions and information received under those provisions may be considered in determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. Similarly, an em-ploying office may request additional infor-mation in accordance with a paid leave pol-icy or disability plan that requires greater information to qualify for payments or bene-fits, provided that the employing office in-forms the employee that the additional in-formation only needs to be provided in con-nection with receipt of such payments or benefits. Any information received pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6042 September 16, 2015 
to such policy or plan may be considered in 
determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. If the employee fails to provide the information required for re-ceipt of such payments or benefits, such fail-ure will not affect the employee’s entitle-ment to take unpaid FMLA leave. See 
825.207(a). 
(d) If an employee’s serious health condi-
tion may also be a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applica-ble by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the pro-cedures for requesting medical information under the ADA. Any information received pursuant to these procedures may be consid-ered in determining the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA-protected leave. 
(e) While an employee may choose to com-
ply with the certification requirement by providing the employing office with an au-thorization, release, or waiver allowing the employing office to communicate directly with the health care provider of the em-ployee or his or her covered family member, the employee may not be required to provide such an authorization, release, or waiver. In all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 
825.307 Authentication and clarification of 
medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
(a) Clarification and authentication . If an 
employee submits a complete and sufficient certification signed by the health care pro-vider, the employing office may not request additional information from the health care provider. However, the employing office may contact the health care provider for purposes of clarification and authentication of the medical certification (whether initial certifi-cation or recertification) after the employ-ing office has given the employee an oppor-tunity to cure any deficiencies as set forth in 825.305(c). To make such contact, the em-ploying office must use a health care pro-vider, a human resources professional, a leave administrator, or a management offi-cial. Under no circumstances, however, may the employee’s direct supervisor contact the employee’s health care provider. 
For purposes of these regulations, authen-
tication means providing the health care pro-
vider with a copy of the certification and re-questing verification that the information contained on the certification form was com-pleted and/or authorized by the health care provider who signed the document; no addi-tional medical information may be re-quested. Clarification means contacting the 
health care provider to understand the hand-writing on the medical certification or to un-derstand the meaning of a response. Employ-ing offices may not ask health care providers for additional information beyond that re-quired by the certification form. The re-quirements of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Pri-vacy Rule, ( see 45 CFR parts 160 and 164), 
which governs the privacy of individually- identifiable health information created or held by HIPAA-covered entities, must be sat-isfied when individually-identifiable health information of an employee is shared with an employing office by a HIPAA-covered health care provider. If an employee chooses not to provide the employing office with authoriza-tion allowing the employing office to clarify the certification with the health care pro-vider, and does not otherwise clarify the cer-
tification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave if the certification is unclear. See 825.305(d). It is the employee’s 
responsibility to provide the employing of-fice with a complete and sufficient certifi-cation and to clarify the certification if nec-essary. 
(b) Second Opinion . (1) An employing office 
that has reason to doubt the validity of a medical certification may require the em-ployee to obtain a second opinion at the em-ploying office’s expense. Pending receipt of the second (or third) medical opinion, the employee is provisionally entitled to the benefits of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, including maintenance of group health benefits. If the certifications do not ultimately establish the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA leave, the leave shall not be designated as FMLA leave and may be treat-ed as paid or unpaid leave under the employ-ing office’s established leave policies. In ad-dition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if re-quested by the health care provider des-
ignated to provide a second opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete second opinion. 
(2) The employing office is permitted to 
designate the health care provider to furnish the second opinion, but the selected health care provider may not be employed on a reg-ular basis by the employing office. The em-ploying office may not regularly contract with or otherwise regularly utilize the serv-ices of the health care provider furnishing the second opinion unless the employing of-fice is located in an area where access to health care is extremely limited ( e.g., a rural 
area where no more than one or two doctors practice in the relevant specialty in the vi-cinity). 
(c) Third opinion . If the opinions of the em-
ployee’s and the employing office’s des-ignated health care providers differ, the em-ploying office may require the employee to obtain certification from a third health care provider, again at the employing office’s ex-pense. This third opinion shall be final and binding. The third health care provider must be designated or approved jointly by the em-ploying office and the employee. The em-ploying office and the employee must each act in good faith to attempt to reach agree-ment on whom to select for the third opinion provider. If the employing office does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employing office will be bound by the first certification. If the employee does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employee will be bound by the second certifi-cation. For example, an employee who re-fuses to agree to see a doctor in the specialty in question may be failing to act in good faith. On the other hand, an employing office that refuses to agree to any doctor on a list of specialists in the appropriate field pro-vided by the employee and whom the em-ployee has not previously consulted may be failing to act in good faith. In addition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if requested by the health care provider designated to provide a third opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete third opinion. 
(d) Copies of opinions . The employing office 
is required to provide the employee with a copy of the second and third medical opin-ions, where applicable, upon request by the employee. Requested copies are to be pro-
vided within five business days unless ex-tenuating circumstances prevent such ac-tion. 
(e) Travel expenses . If the employing office 
requires the employee to obtain either a sec-ond or third opinion the employing office must reimburse an employee or family mem-ber for any reasonable ‘‘out of pocket’’ travel expenses incurred to obtain the second and third medical opinions. The employing office may not require the employee or family member to travel outside normal commuting distance for purposes of obtaining the second or third medical opinions except in very un-usual circumstances. 
(f) Medical certification abroad . In cir-
cumstances in which the employee or a fam-ily member is visiting in another country, or a family member resides in another country, and a serious health condition develops, the employing office shall accept a medical cer-tification as well as second and third opin-ions from a health care provider who prac-tices in that country. Where a certification by a foreign health care provider is in a lan-guage other than English, the employee must provide the employing office with a written translation of the certification upon request. 
825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-
cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
(a) 30-day rule. An employing office may re-
quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section apply. 
(b) More than 30 days. If the medical certifi-
cation indicates that the minimum duration of the condition is more than 30 days, an em-ploying office must wait until that minimum duration expires before requesting a recer-tification, unless paragraph (c) of this sec-
tion applies. For example, if the medical cer-tification states that an employee will be un-able to work, whether continuously or on an intermittent basis, for 40 days, the employ-ing office must wait 40 days before request-ing a recertification. In all cases, an employ-ing office may request a recertification of a medical condition every six months in con-nection with an absence by the employee. Accordingly, even if the medical certifi-cation indicates that the employee will need intermittent or reduced schedule leave for a period in excess of six months (e.g., for a life-time condition), the employing office would be permitted to request recertification every six months in connection with an absence. 
(c) Less than 30 days. An employing office 
may request recertification in less than 30 days if: 
(1) The employee requests an extension of 
leave; 
(2) Circumstances described by the pre-
vious certification have changed signifi-cantly ( e.g., the duration or frequency of the 
absence, the nature or severity of the illness, complications). For example, if a medical certification stated that an employee would need leave for one to two days when the em-ployee suffered a migraine headache and the employee’s absences for his or her last two migraines lasted four days each, then the in-creased duration of absence might constitute a significant change in circumstances allow-ing the employing office to request a recer-tification in less than 30 days. Likewise, if an employee had a pattern of using unsched-uled FMLA leave for migraines in conjunc-tion with his or her scheduled days off, then the timing of the absences also might con-stitute a significant change in circumstances sufficient for an employing office to request a recertification more frequently than every 30 days; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6043 September 16, 2015 
(3) The employing office receives informa-
tion that casts doubt upon the employee’s stated reason for the absence or the con-tinuing validity of the certification. For ex-ample, if an employee is on FMLA leave for four weeks due to the employee’s knee sur-gery, including recuperation, and the em-ployee plays in company softball league games during the employee’s third week of FMLA leave, such information might be suf-ficient to cast doubt upon the continuing va-lidity of the certification allowing the em-ploying office to request a recertification in less than 30 days. 
(d) Timing. The employee must provide the 
requested recertification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. 
(e) Content. The employing office may ask 
for the same information when obtaining re-certification as that permitted for the origi-nal certification as set forth in 825.306. The employee has the same obligations to par-ticipate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certification or ade-quate authorization to the health care pro-vider) in the recertification process as in the initial certification process. See 825.305(d). As 
part of the information allowed to be ob-tained on recertification for leave taken be-cause of a serious health condition, the em-ploying office may provide the health care provider with a record of the employee’s ab-sence pattern and ask the health care pro-vider if the serious health condition and need for leave is consistent with such a pattern. 
(f) Any recertification requested by the 
employing office shall be at the employee’s expense unless the employing office provides otherwise. No second or third opinion on re-certification may be required. 
825.309 Certification for leave taken because 
of a qualifying exigency. 
(a) Active Duty Orders. The first time an 
employee requests leave because of a quali-fying exigency arising out of the covered ac-tive duty or call to covered active duty sta-tus (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of a military member ( see 825.126(a)), an employing office 
may require the employee to provide a copy of the military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the mili-tary which indicates that the military mem-ber is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and the dates of the military member’s covered active duty serv-ice. This information need only be provided to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military may be required by the employing office if the need for leave be-cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of the same or a different military member; 
(b) Required information. An employing of-
fice may require that leave for any quali-fying exigency specified in 825.126 be sup-ported by a certification from the employee that sets forth the following information: 
(1) A statement or description, signed by 
the employee, of appropriate facts regarding the qualifying exigency for which FMLA leave is requested. The facts must be suffi-cient to support the need for leave. Such facts should include information on the type of qualifying exigency for which leave is re-quested and any available written docu-mentation which supports the request for leave; such documentation, for example, may 
include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a document confirming an appoint-ment with a counselor or school official, or a copy of a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs; 
(2) The approximate date on which the 
qualifying exigency commenced or will com-mence; 
(3) If an employee requests leave because of 
a qualifying exigency for a single, contin-uous period of time, the beginning and end dates for such absence; 
(4) If an employee requests leave because of 
a qualifying exigency on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, an estimate of the frequency and duration of the qualifying exi-gency; 
(5) If the qualifying exigency involves 
meeting with a third party, appropriate con-tact information for the individual or entity with whom the employee is meeting (such as the name, title, organization, address, tele-phone number, fax number, and email ad-dress) and a brief description of the purpose of the meeting; and 
(6) If the qualifying exigency involves Rest 
and Recuperation leave, a copy of the mili-
tary member’s Rest and Recuperation or-ders, or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuper-ation leave, and the dates of the military member’s Rest and Recuperation leave. 
(c) The Office of Compliance has developed 
an optional form (Form E) for employees’ use in obtaining a certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See 
Form E). This optional form reflects certifi-cation requirements so as to permit the em-ployee to furnish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency. Form E, or another form containing the same basic information, may be used by the employing office; how-ever, no information may be required beyond that specified in this section. 
(d) Verification. If an employee submits a 
complete and sufficient certification to sup-port his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency, the employing office may not request additional information from the employee. However, if the qualifying exi-gency involves meeting with a third party, the employing office may contact the indi-vidual or entity with whom the employee is meeting for purposes of verifying a meeting or appointment schedule and the nature of the meeting between the employee and the specified individual or entity. The employ-ee’s permission is not required in order to verify meetings or appointments with third parties, but no additional information may be requested by the employing office. An em-ploying office also may contact an appro-priate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty); no additional information may be re-quested and the employee’s permission is not required. 
825.310 Certification for leave taken to care 
for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 
(a) Required information from health care 
provider. When leave is taken to care for a 
covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a certification com-pleted by an authorized health care provider of the covered servicemember. For purposes of leave taken to care for a covered service-member, any one of the following health care providers may complete such a certification: (1) A United States Department of Defense 
(‘‘DOD’’) health care provider; 
(2) A United States Department of Vet-
erans Affairs (‘‘VA’’) health care provider; 
(3) A DOD TRICARE network authorized 
private health care provider; 
(4) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-
ized private health care provider; or 
(5) Any health care provider as defined in 
825.125. 
(b) If the authorized health care provider is 
unable to make certain military-related de-terminations outlined below, the authorized health care provider may rely on determina-tions from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care coordinator) or an authorized VA representative. An employ-ing office may request that the health care provider provide the following information: 
(1) The name, address, and appropriate con-
tact information (telephone number, fax number, and/or email address) of the health care provider, the type of medical practice, the medical specialty, and whether the health care provider is one of the following: 
(i) A DOD health care provider; 
(ii) A VA health care provider; (iii) A DOD TRICARE network authorized 
private health care provider; 
(iv) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-
ized private health care provider; or 
(v) A health care provider as defined in 
825.125. 
(2) Whether the covered servicemember’s 
injury or illness was incurred in the line of duty on active duty or, if not, whether the covered servicemember’s injury or illness ex-isted before the beginning of the servicemember’s active duty and was aggra-vated by service in the line of duty on active duty; 
(3) The approximate date on which the se-
rious injury or illness commenced, or was ag-gravated, and its probable duration; 
(4) A statement or description of appro-
priate medical facts regarding the covered servicemember’s health condition for which FMLA leave is requested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. 
(i) In the case of a current member of the 
Armed Forces, such medical facts must in-clude information on whether the injury or illness may render the covered servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating and whether the member is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy; 
(ii) In the case of a covered veteran, such 
medical facts must include: 
(A) Information on whether the veteran is 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is the continuation of an injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered vet-eran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating; or 
(B) Information on whether the veteran is 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Service-Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and that such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(C) Information on whether the veteran is 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition that substan-tially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or dis-abilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6044 September 16, 2015 
(D) Documentation of enrollment in the 
Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Care-givers. 
(5) Information sufficient to establish that 
the covered servicemember is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and whether the cov-ered servicemember will need care for a sin-gle continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and recovery, and an es-timate as to the beginning and ending dates for this period of time; 
(6) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment appointments for the covered servicemember, whether there is a medical necessity for the covered service-member to have such periodic care and an es-timate of the treatment schedule of such ap-pointments; 
(7) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered servicemember other than for planned medical treatment ( e.g., episodic 
flare-ups of a medical condition), whether there is a medical necessity for the covered servicemember to have such periodic care, which can include assisting in the covered servicemember’s recovery, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the periodic care. 
(c) Required information from employee and/ 
or covered servicemember. In addition to the 
information that may be requested under 825.310(b), an employing office may also re-quest that such certification set forth the following information provided by an em-ployee and/or covered servicemember: 
(1) The name and address of the employing 
office of the employee requesting leave to care for a covered servicemember, the name of the employee requesting such leave, and the name of the covered servicemember for whom the employee is requesting leave to care; 
(2) The relationship of the employee to the 
covered servicemember for whom the em-ployee is requesting leave to care; 
(3) Whether the covered servicemember is a 
current member of the Armed Forces, the National Guard or Reserves, and the covered servicemember’s military branch, rank, and current unit assignment; 
(4) Whether the covered servicemember is 
assigned to a military medical facility as an outpatient or to a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit), and the name of the medical treatment facility or unit; 
(5) Whether the covered servicemember is 
on the temporary disability retired list; 
(6) Whether the covered servicemember is a 
veteran, the date of separation from military service, and whether the separation was other than dishonorable. The employing of-fice may require the employee to provide documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered servicemember is a veteran, the date of separation, and that the separation is other than dishonorable. Where an employing office requires such doc-umentation, an employee may provide a copy of the veteran’s Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty issued by the U.S. Department of Defense (DD Form 214) or other proof of veteran status. See 
825.127(c)(2). 
(7) A description of the care to be provided 
to the covered servicemember and an esti-mate of the leave needed to provide the care. 
(d) The Office of Compliance has developed 
an optional form (Form F) for employees’ use in obtaining certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See 
Form F). This optional form reflects certifi-cation requirements so as to permit the em-
ployee to furnish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Form F, or Form WH–385 (developed by the Department of Labor), or another form containing the same basic in-formation, may be used by the employing of-fice; however, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified in this section. In all instances the information on the cer-tification must relate only to the serious in-jury or illness for which the current need for leave exists. An employing office may seek authentication and/or clarification of the certification under 825.307. However, second and third opinions under 825.307 are not per-mitted for leave to care for a covered serv-icemember. Additionally, recertifications under 825.308 are not permitted for leave to care for a covered servicemember. An em-
ploying office may require an employee to provide confirmation of covered family rela-tionship to the seriously injured or ill serv-icemember pursuant to 825.122(j) of the FMLA. 
(e) An employing office requiring an em-
ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification, in lieu of the Office of Compliance’s optional certification form (Form F) or an employing office’s own certification form, invitational travel orders (ITOs) or invitational travel authorizations (ITAs) issued to any family member to join an injured or ill servicemember at his or her bedside. An ITO or ITA is sufficient certifi-cation for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA. During that time period, an eligible employee may take leave to care for the covered servicemember in a continuous block of time or on an intermittent basis. An eligible employee who provides an ITO or ITA to support his or her request for leave may not be required to provide any addi-tional or separate certification that leave taken on an intermittent basis during the period of time specified in the ITO or ITA is medically necessary. An ITO or ITA is suffi-cient certification for an employee entitled to take FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember regardless of whether the em-ployee is named in the order or authoriza-tion. 
(1) If an employee will need leave to care 
for a covered servicemember beyond the ex-piration date specified in an ITO or ITA, an employing office may request that the em-ployee have one of the authorized health care providers listed under 825.310(a) com-plete the Office of Compliance optional cer-tification form (Form F) or an employing of-fice’s own form, as requisite certification for the remainder of the employee’s necessary leave period. 
(2) An employing office may seek authen-
tication and clarification of the ITO or ITA under 825.307. An employing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the recertification process under 825.308 during the period of time in which leave is supported by an ITO or ITA. 
(3) An employing office may require an em-
ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of an ITO or ITA. 
(f) An employing office requiring an em-
ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness documentation indicating the servicemember’s enrollment in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Program of Com-prehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
Such documentation is sufficient certifi-cation of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness to support the employee’s request for military caregiver leave regardless of whether the employee is the named care-giver in the enrollment documentation. 
(1) An employing office may seek authen-
tication and clarification of the documenta-tion indicating the servicemember’s enroll-ment in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers under 825.307. An employ-ing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the re-certification process under 825.308 when the servicemember’s serious injury or illness is shown by documentation of enrollment in this program. 
(2) An employing office may require an em-
ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of such en-rollment documentation. An employing of-fice may also require an employee to provide documentation, such as a veteran’s Form DD–214, showing that the discharge was other than dishonorable and the date of the veteran’s discharge. 
(g) Where medical certification is re-
quested by an employing office, an employee may not be held liable for administrative delays in the issuance of military docu-ments, despite the employee’s diligent, good- faith efforts to obtain such documents. See 
825.305(b). In all instances in which certifi-cation is requested, it is the employee’s re-sponsibility to provide the employing office with complete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 
825.311 Intent to return to work. 
(a) An employing office may require an 
employee on FMLA leave to report periodi-cally on the employee’s status and intent to return to work. The employing office’s pol-icy regarding such reports may not be dis-criminatory and must take into account all of the relevant facts and circumstances re-lated to the individual employee’s leave situ-ation. 
(b) If an employee gives unequivocal notice 
of intent not to return to work, the employ-ing office’s obligations under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health benefits (subject to COBRA require-ments or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applica-ble) and to restore the employee cease. How-ever, these obligations continue if an em-ployee indicates he or she may be unable to return to work but expresses a continuing desire to do so. 
(c) It may be necessary for an employee to 
take more leave than originally anticipated. Conversely, an employee may discover after beginning leave that the circumstances have changed and the amount of leave originally anticipated is no longer necessary. An em-ployee may not be required to take more FMLA leave than necessary to resolve the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. In both of these situations, the em-ploying office may require that the employee provide the employing office reasonable no-tice ( i.e., within two business days) of the 
changed circumstances where foreseeable. The employing office may also obtain infor-mation on such changed circumstances through requested status reports. 
825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 
(a) As a condition of restoring an employee 
whose FMLA leave was occasioned by the employee’s own serious health condition that made the employee unable to perform the employee’s job, an employing office may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6045 September 16, 2015 
have a uniformly-applied policy or practice 
that requires all similarly-situated employ-ees ( i.e., same occupation, same serious 
health condition) who take leave for such conditions to obtain and present certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider that the employee is able to resume work. The employee has the same obliga-tions to participate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certifi-cation or providing sufficient authorization to the health care provider to provide the in-formation directly to the employing office) in the fitness-for-duty certification process as in the initial certification process. See 
825.305(d). 
(b) An employing office may seek a fitness- 
for-duty certification only with regard to the particular health condition that caused the employee’s need for FMLA leave. The certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider must certify that the employee is able 
to resume work. Additionally, an employing office may require that the certification spe-cifically address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the em-ployee’s job. In order to require such a cer-tification, an employing office must provide an employee with a list of the essential func-tions of the employee’s job no later than with the designation notice required by 825.300(d), and must indicate in the designa-tion notice that the certification must ad-dress the employee’s ability to perform those essential functions. If the employing office satisfies these requirements, the employee’s health care provider must certify that the employee can perform the identified essen-tial functions of his or her job. Following the procedures set forth in 825.307(a), the em-ploying office may contact the employee’s health care provider for purposes of clari-fying and authenticating the fitness-for-duty certification. Clarification may be requested only for the serious health condition for which FMLA leave was taken. The employ-ing office may not delay the employee’s re-turn to work while contact with the health care provider is being made. No second or third opinions on a fitness-for-duty certifi-cation may be required. 
(c) The cost of the certification shall be 
borne by the employee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. 
(d) The designation notice required in 
825.300(d) shall advise the employee if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work and whether that fitness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job. 
(e) An employing office may delay restora-
tion to employment until an employee sub-mits a required fitness-for-duty certification unless the employing office has failed to pro-vide the notice required in paragraph (d) of this section. If an employing office provides the notice required, an employee who does not provide a fitness-for-duty certification or request additional FMLA leave is no longer entitled to reinstatement under the FMLA. See 825.313(d). 
(f) An employing office is not entitled to a 
certification of fitness to return to duty for each absence taken on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule. However, an employing office is entitled to a certification of fitness to return to duty for such absences up to once every 30 days if reasonable safety con-cerns exist regarding the employee’s ability to perform his or her duties, based on the se-rious health condition for which the em-ployee took such leave. If an employing of-fice chooses to require a fitness-for-duty cer-tification under such circumstances, the em-ploying office shall inform the employee at the same time it issues the designation no-
tice that for each subsequent instance of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the employee will be required to submit a fit-ness-for-duty certification unless one has al-ready been submitted within the past 30 days. Alternatively, an employing office can set a different interval for requiring a fit-ness-for-duty certification as long as it does not exceed once every 30 days and as long as the employing office advises the employee of the requirement in advance of the employee taking the intermittent or reduced schedule leave. The employing office may not termi-nate the employment of the employee while awaiting such a certification of fitness to re-turn to duty for an intermittent or reduced schedule leave absence. Reasonable safety 
concerns means a reasonable belief of signifi-
cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. 
(g) If the terms of a collective bargaining 
agreement govern an employee’s return to work, those provisions shall be applied. 
(h) Requirements under the Americans 
with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA, apply. After an employee returns from FMLA leave, the ADA requires any medical examination at an employing office’s expense by the employing office’s health care provider be job-related and consistent with business necessity. For example, an attorney could not be required to submit to a medical examination or in-quiry just because her leg had been ampu-tated. The essential functions of an attor-ney’s job do not require use of both legs; therefore such an inquiry would not be job related. An employing office may require a warehouse laborer, whose back impairment affects the ability to lift, to be examined by an orthopedist, but may not require this em-ployee to submit to an HIV test where the test is not related to either the essential functions of his or her job or to his/her im-pairment. If an employee’s serious health condition may also be a disability within the meaning of the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the proce-dures for requesting medical information under the ADA. 
825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
(a) Foreseeable leave . In the case of foresee-
able leave, if an employee fails to provide certification in a timely manner as required by 825.305, then an employing office may deny FMLA coverage until the required cer-tification is provided. For example, if an em-ployee has 15 days to provide a certification and does not provide the certification for 45 days without sufficient reason for the delay, the employing office can deny FMLA protec-tions for the 30-day period following the ex-piration of the 15-day time period, if the em-ployee takes leave during such period. 
(b) Unforeseeable leave . In the case of un-
foreseeable leave, an employing office may deny FMLA coverage for the requested leave if the employee fails to provide a certifi-cation within 15 calendar days from receipt of the request for certification unless not practicable due to extenuating cir-cumstances. For example, in the case of a medical emergency, it may not be prac-ticable for an employee to provide the re-quired certification within 15 calendar days. Absent such extenuating circumstances, if the employee fails to timely return the cer-tification, the employing office can deny FMLA protections for the leave following the expiration of the 15-day time period until a sufficient certification is provided. If the employee never produces the certification, 
the leave is not FMLA leave. 
(c) Recertification . An employee must pro-
vide recertification within the time re-quested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the re-quest) or as soon as practicable under the particular facts and circumstances. If an em-ployee fails to provide a recertification with-in a reasonable time under the particular facts and circumstances, then the employing office may deny continuation of the FMLA leave protections until the employee pro-duces a sufficient recertification. If the em-ployee never produces the recertification, the leave is not FMLA leave. Recertification does not apply to leave taken for a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember. 
(d) Fitness-for-duty certification . When re-
quested by the employing office pursuant to a uniformly applied policy for similarly-situ-ated employees, the employee must provide medical certification, at the time the em-ployee seeks reinstatement at the end of FMLA leave taken for the employee’s serious health condition, that the employee is fit for duty and able to return to work ( see 
825.312(a)) if the employing office has pro-vided the required notice ( see 825.300(e)); the 
employing office may delay restoration until the certification is provided. Unless the em-ployee provides either a fitness-for-duty cer-tification or a new medical certification for a serious health condition at the time FMLA leave is concluded, the employee may be ter-minated. See also 825.213(a)(3). 
SUBPART D—ENFORCEMENT MECHA-
NISMS 
825.400 Enforcement of FMLA rights, as made 
applicable by the CAA. 
(a) To commence a proceeding, a covered 
employee alleging a violation of the rights and protections of the FMLA, made applica-ble by the CAA, must request counseling by the Office of Compliance not later than 180 days after the date of the alleged violation. If a covered employee misses this deadline, the covered employee will be unable to ob-tain a remedy under the CAA. 
(b) The following procedures are available 
under title IV of the CAA for covered em-ployees who believe that their rights under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, have been violated: 
(1) counseling; (2) mediation; and (3) election of either— (A) a formal complaint, filed with the Of-
fice of Compliance, and a hearing before a hearing officer, subject to review by the Board of Directors of the Office of Compli-ance, and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit; or 
(B) a civil action in a district court of the 
United States. 
(c) Regulations of the Office of Compliance 
describing and governing these procedures are found at www.compliance.gov. 
825.401 [Reserved] 
825.402 [Reserved] 825.403 [Reserved] 825.404 [Reserved] SUBPART E—[RESERVED] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE 
TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, 
definitions. 
(a) Certain special rules apply to employ-
ees of local educational agencies, including public school boards and elementary schools under their jurisdiction, and private elemen-tary and secondary schools. The special rules do not apply to other kinds of educational institutions, such as colleges and univer-sities, trade schools, and preschools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6046 September 16, 2015 
(b) Educational institutions are covered by 
FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA (and these special rules). The usual requirements for employees to be eligible do apply. 
(c) The special rules affect the taking of 
intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule, or leave near the end of an academic term (semester), by instructional employees. Instructional employees are those 
whose principal function is to teach and in-struct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting. This term includes not only teachers, but also athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education as-sistants such as signers for the hearing im-paired. It does not include, and the special rules do not apply to, teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal job actual teaching or instructing, nor does it include auxiliary personnel such as coun-selors, psychologists, or curriculum special-ists. It also does not include cafeteria work-ers, maintenance workers, or bus drivers. 
(d) Special rules which apply to restoration 
to an equivalent position apply to all em-ployees of local educational agencies. 
825.601 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on intermittent leave. 
(a) Leave taken for a period that ends with 
the school year and begins the next semester is leave taken consecutively rather than intermittently. The period during the sum-mer vacation when the employee would not have been required to report for duty is not counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. An instructional employee who is on FMLA leave at the end of the school year must be provided with any benefits over the summer vacation that employees would normally receive if they had been working at the end of the school year. 
(1) If an eligible instructional employee 
needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule to care for a family member with a serious health condition, to care for a covered servicemember, or for the employee’s own serious health condition, which is foreseeable based on planned med-ical treatment, and the employee would be on leave for more than 20 percent of the total number of working days over the period the leave would extend, the employing office may require the employee to choose either to: 
(i) Take leave for a period or periods of a 
particular duration, not greater than the du-ration of the planned treatment; or 
(ii) Transfer temporarily to an available 
alternative position for which the employee is qualified, which has equivalent pay and benefits and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. 
(2) These rules apply only to a leave in-
volving more than 20 percent of the working days during the period over which the leave extends. For example, if an instructional em-ployee who normally works five days each week needs to take two days of FMLA leave per week over a period of several weeks, the special rules would apply. Employees taking leave which constitutes 20 percent or less of the working days during the leave period would not be subject to transfer to an alter-native position. Periods of a particular dura-
tion means a block, or blocks, of time begin-
ning no earlier than the first day for which leave is needed and ending no later than the last day on which leave is needed, and may include one uninterrupted period of leave. 
(b) If an instructional employee does not 
give required notice of foreseeable FMLA leave ( see 825.302) to be taken intermittently 
or on a reduced leave schedule, the employ-ing office may require the employee to take leave of a particular duration, or to transfer temporarily to an alternative position. Al-ternatively, the employing office may re-
quire the employee to delay the taking of leave until the notice provision is met. 
825.602 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 
(a) There are also different rules for in-
structional employees who begin leave more than five weeks before the end of a term, less than five weeks before the end of a term, and less than three weeks before the end of a term. Regular rules apply except in cir-cumstances when: 
(1) An instructional employee begins leave 
more than five weeks before the end of a term. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— 
(i) The leave will last at least three weeks, 
and 
(ii) The employee would return to work 
during the three-week period before the end of the term. 
(2) The employee begins leave during the 
five-week period before the end of a term be-cause of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— 
(i) The leave will last more than two 
weeks, and 
(ii) The employee would return to work 
during the two-week period before the end of the term. 
(3) The employee begins leave during the 
three-week period before the end of a term because of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than five working days. 
(b) For purposes of these provisions, aca-
demic term means the school semester, which 
typically ends near the end of the calendar year and the end of spring each school year. In no case may a school have more than two academic terms or semesters each year for purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An example of leave falling within these provisions would be where an employee plans two weeks of leave to care for a family member which will begin three weeks before the end of the term. In that situation, the employing office could require the employee to stay out on leave until the end of the term. 
825.603 Special rules for school employees, 
duration of FMLA leave. 
(a) If an employee chooses to take leave for 
periods of a particular duration in the case of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the entire period of leave taken will count as FMLA leave. 
(b) In the case of an employee who is re-
quired to take leave until the end of an aca-demic term, only the period of leave until the employee is ready and able to return to work shall be charged against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. The employing of-fice has the option not to require the em-ployee to stay on leave until the end of the school term. Therefore, any additional leave required by the employing office to the end of the school term is not counted as FMLA leave; however, the employing office shall be required to maintain the employee’s group health insurance and restore the employee to the same or equivalent job including other benefits at the conclusion of the leave. 825.604 Special rules for school employees, 
restoration to an equivalent position. 
The determination of how an employee is 
to be restored to an equivalent position upon return from FMLA leave will be made on the basis of ‘‘established school board policies and practices, private school policies and practices, and collective bargaining agree-ments.’’ The ‘‘established policies’’ and col-lective bargaining agreements used as a basis for restoration must be in writing, must be made known to the employee prior to the taking of FMLA leave, and must clearly explain the employee’s restoration rights upon return from leave. Any estab-lished policy which is used as the basis for restoration of an employee to an equivalent position must provide substantially the same protections as provided in the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, for reinstated employees. See 825.215. In other words, the 
policy or collective bargaining agreement must provide for restoration to an equiva-lent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. For example, an employee may not be restored to a position requiring additional licensure or certification. 
SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, 
EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 
825.700 Interaction with employing office’s 
policies. 
(a) An employing office must observe any 
employment benefit program or plan that provides greater family or medical leave rights to employees than the rights estab-lished by the FMLA. Conversely, the rights established by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, may not be diminished by any employment benefit program or plan. For ex-ample, a provision of a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) which provides for rein-statement to a position that is not equiva-lent because of seniority ( e.g., provides lesser 
pay) is superseded by FMLA. If an employing office provides greater unpaid family leave rights than are afforded by FMLA, the em-ploying office is not required to extend addi-tional rights afforded by FMLA, such as maintenance of health benefits (other than through COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable), to the additional leave period not covered by FMLA. 
(b) Nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-
ble by the CAA, prevents an employing office from amending existing leave and employee benefit programs, provided they comply with FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. How-ever, nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-ble by the CAA, is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. 
825.701 [Reserved] 
825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination 
laws, as applied by section 201 of the CAA. 
(a) Nothing in FMLA modifies or affects 
any applicable law prohibiting discrimina-tion on the basis of race, religion, color, na-tional origin, sex, age, or disability ( e.g., 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and as made applicable by the CAA). FMLA’s legislative history explains that FMLA is ‘‘not intended to modify or affect the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the regulations concerning employment which have been promulgated pursuant to that statute, or the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 [as amended] or the regula-tions issued under that act. Thus, the leave provisions of the [FMLA] are wholly distinct 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6047 September 16, 2015 
from the reasonable accommodation obliga-
tions of employers covered under the [ADA] . . . or the Federal government itself. The purpose of the FMLA, as applied by the CAA, is to make leave available to eligible em-ployees and [employing offices] within its coverage, and not to limit already existing rights and protection.’’ S. Rep. No. 3, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 38 (1993). An employing office must therefore provide leave under which-ever statutory provision provides the greater rights to employees. When an employer vio-lates both FMLA and a discrimination law, an employee may be able to recover under ei-ther or both statutes (double relief may not be awarded for the same loss; when remedies coincide a claimant may be allowed to uti-lize whichever avenue of relief is desired. Laffey v. Northwest Airlines, Inc. , 567 F.2d 429, 
445 (D.C. Cir. 1976), cert. denied , 434 U.S. 1086 
(1978). 
(b) If an employee is a qualified individual 
with a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the employing office must make reasonable ac-commodations, etc., barring undue hardship, 
in accordance with the ADA. At the same time, the employing office must afford an employee his or her FMLA rights. ADA’s ‘‘disability ’’ and FMLA’s ‘‘ serious health con-
dition ’’ are different concepts, and must be 
analyzed separately. FMLA entitles eligible employees to 12 weeks of leave in any 12- month period due to their own serious health condition, whereas the ADA allows an inde-terminate amount of leave, barring undue hardship, as a reasonable accommodation. FMLA requires employing offices to main-
tain employees’ group health plan coverage during FMLA leave on the same conditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the leave period, whereas ADA does not require maintenance of health insurance unless other employees receive health insur-ance during leave under the same cir-cumstances. 
(c)(1) A reasonable accommodation under 
the ADA might be accomplished by providing an individual with a disability with a part- time job with no health benefits, assuming the employing office did not ordinarily pro-vide health insurance for part-time employ-ees. However, FMLA would permit an em-ployee to work a reduced leave schedule until the equivalent of 12 workweeks of leave were used, with group health benefits main-tained during this period. FMLA permits an employing office to temporarily transfer an employee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule to an alter-native position, whereas the ADA allows an accommodation of reassignment to an equiv-alent, vacant position only if the employee cannot perform the essential functions of the employee’s present position and an accom-modation is not possible in the employee’s present position, or an accommodation in the employee’s present position would cause an undue hardship. The examples in the fol-lowing paragraphs of this section dem-onstrate how the two laws would interact with respect to a qualified individual with a disability. 
(2) A qualified individual with a disability 
who is also an eligible employee entitled to FMLA leave requests 10 weeks of medical leave as a reasonable accommodation, which the employing office grants because it is not an undue hardship. The employing office ad-vises the employee that the 10 weeks of leave is also being designated as FMLA leave and will count towards the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. This designation does not prevent the parties from also treating the leave as a reasonable accommodation and re-instating the employee into the same job, as required by the ADA, rather than an equiva-lent position under FMLA, if that is the 
greater right available to the employee. At the same time, the employee would be enti-tled under FMLA to have the employing of-fice maintain group health plan coverage during the leave, as that requirement pro-vides the greater right to the employee. 
(3) If the same employee needed to work 
part-time (a reduced leave schedule) after re-turning to his or her same job, the employee would still be entitled under FMLA to have group health plan coverage maintained for the remainder of the two-week equivalent of FMLA leave entitlement, notwithstanding an employing office policy that part-time employees do not receive health insurance. This employee would be entitled under the ADA to reasonable accommodations to en-able the employee to perform the essential functions of the part-time position. In addi-tion, because the employee is working a part-time schedule as a reasonable accom-modation, the FMLA’s provision for tem-porary assignment to a different alternative position would not apply. Once the employee has exhausted his or her remaining FMLA leave entitlement while working the reduced (part-time) schedule, if the employee is a qualified individual with a disability, and if the employee is unable to return to the same 
full-time position at that time, the employee might continue to work part-time as a rea-sonable accommodation, barring undue hard-ship; the employee would then be entitled to only those employment benefits ordinarily provided by the employing office to part- time employees. 
(4) At the end of the FMLA leave entitle-
ment, an employing office is required under FMLA to reinstate the employee in the same or an equivalent position, with equivalent pay and benefits, to that which the employee held when leave commenced. The employing office’s FMLA obligations would be satisfied if the employing office offered the employee an equivalent full-time position. If the em-ployee were unable to perform the essential functions of that equivalent position even with reasonable accommodation, because of a disability, the ADA may require the em-ploying office to make a reasonable accom-modation at that time by allowing the em-ployee to work part-time or by reassigning the employee to a vacant position, barring undue hardship. 
(d)(1) If FMLA entitles an employee to 
leave, an employing office may not, in lieu of FMLA leave entitlement, require an em-ployee to take a job with a reasonable ac-commodation. However, ADA may require that an employing office offer an employee the opportunity to take such a position. An employing office may not change the essen-tial functions of the job in order to deny FMLA leave. See 825.220(b). 
(2) An employee may be on a workers’ com-
pensation absence due to an on-the-job in-jury or illness which also qualifies as a seri-ous health condition under FMLA. The workers’ compensation absence and FMLA leave may run concurrently (subject to prop-er notice and designation by the employing office). At some point the health care pro-vider providing medical care pursuant to the workers’ compensation injury may certify the employee is able to return to work in a light duty position. If the employing office offers such a position, the employee is per-mitted but not required to accept the posi-tion. See 825.220(d). As a result, the employee 
may no longer qualify for payments from the workers’ compensation benefit plan, but the employee is entitled to continue on unpaid FMLA leave either until the employee is able to return to the same or equivalent job the employee left or until the 12-week FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. See 825.207 
(e). If the employee returning from the work-ers’ compensation injury is a qualified indi-
vidual with a disability, he or she will have rights under the ADA. 
(e) If an employing office requires certifi-
cations of an employee’s fitness for duty to return to work, as permitted by FMLA under a uniform policy, it must comply with the ADA requirement that a fitness for duty physical be job-related and consistent with business necessity. 
(f) Under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act 
of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Dis-crimination Act, and as made applicable by the CAA, an employing office should provide the same benefits for women who are preg-nant as the employing office provides to other employees with short-term disabil-ities. Because Title VII does not require em-ployees to be employed for a certain period of time to be protected, an employee em-
ployed for less than 12 months by the em-ploying office (and, therefore, not an ‘‘eligi-ble’’ employee under FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA) may not be denied mater-nity leave if the employing office normally provides short-term disability benefits to employees with the same tenure who are ex-periencing other short-term disabilities. 
(g) Under the Uniformed Services Employ-
ment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq. , veterans 
are entitled to receive all rights and benefits of employment that they would have ob-tained if they had been continuously em-ployed. Therefore, under USERRA, a return-ing servicemember would be eligible for FMLA leave if the months and hours that he or she would have worked for the civilian employing office during the period of ab-sence due to or necessitated by USERRA- covered service, combined with the months employed and the hours actually worked, meet the FMLA eligibility threshold of 12 months of employment and the hours of service requirement. See 825.110(b)(2)(i) and 
(c)(2) and 825.802(c). 
(h) For further information on Federal 
antidiscrimination laws applied by section 201 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311), including Title VII, the Rehabilitation Act, and the ADA, in-dividuals are encouraged to contact the Of-fice of Compliance. 
E
NDNOTES  
1. In contrast, the committee report ac-
companying the bill containing the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 complied with sec-tion 102(b)(3) of the CAA and contained a pro-vision that indicated an intent to apply the ADA Amendments to the legislative branch. Committee on Education and Labor, H.Rpt. 110–730 §VII (June 23, 2008). 
2. By regulation, the Board can require em-
ploying offices to provide the additional rights and protections for servicemembers and their families added to the FMLA since 1996. This is because, unlike executive branch agencies, the rulemaking power of the Board (after Congressional approval) is ‘‘an exercise of the rulemaking power of the House of Representatives and the Senate’’ under the Constitution. 2 U.S.C. §1431(1). The rulemaking power of Congress under the Constitution, U.S. Const. Art. 1, §5, cl. 2, is a ‘‘broad grant of authority’’ that allows each house of Congress to determine its own internal rules bounded only by ‘‘constitu-tional restraints and fundamental rights.’’ Consumers Union of U.S., Inc. v. Periodical Correspondents’ Ass’n , 515 F.2d 1341, 1343 (D.C. 
Cir. 1975); United States v. Ballin , 144 U.S. 1, 5 
(1892). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6048 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2157 ES090915.001smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification of Health Care Provider 
for Employee's Serious Health Condition 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable 
by the Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA protections because of a need for leave due to a serious health condition to submit a 
medical certification issued by the employee's health care provider. Please complete Section I before giving this 
form to your employee. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to use this form, you may not ask 
the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued by the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.306-825.308. Employing offices must generally maintain 
records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of employees created 
for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate files/records from the usual personnel files, if the 
Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by 
the CAA. 
Employing office name and contact: ------------------------------
Employee's job title: ______________ Regular work schedule: _________ _ 
Employee's essential job functions:----------------------------
Check if job description is attached: 0 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II before giving this form to your medical 
provider. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that you submit a 
timely, complete, and sufficient medical certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to your own serious 
health condition. If requested by your employing office, your response is required to obtain or retain the benefit of 
FMLA protections. Failure to provide a complete and sufficient medical certification may result in a denial of your 
FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.313.Your employing office must give you at least 15 calendar days to return 
this form. OOC regulations at 825.305(b). 
YourName: ___ ~~-------------~~-------
Firs.t Middle Last 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: Your patient has requested leave under the FMLA, as 
made applicable by the CAA. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable parts. Several questions seek a response 
as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your answer should be your best estimate based upon 
your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"lifetime," "unknown," or ''indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Limit your 
responses to the condition for which the employee is seeking leave. Do not provide information about genetic tests 
140 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6049 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2158 ES090915.002smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEas defined in 29 C.F.R § 1635.3(f), genetic services. as defined in 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(e), or the manifestation of 
disease or disorder in the employee's family members, 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(b). Please be sure to sign the form on the 
last page. 
Provider's name and business address: ---------------------------------------------------
Type of practice I Medical specialty:--------------------------------
Telephone: ..__ _____ _ Fax: (___) ___ _ 
1. Approximate date condition commenced:--------------------------· 
Probable duration of condition:-----------------------------
Mark below as applicable: 
Was the patient admitted for an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility? 
0 No Yes If so, dates of admission: 
Date(s) you treated the patient for condition: 
Will the patient need to have treatment visits at least twice per year due to the condition? 0 No 0 Yes 
Was medication, other than over-the-counter medication, prescribed? []No 0 Yes 
Was the patient referred to other health care provider(s) for evaluation or treatment (e.g., physical therapist)? 
0 No 0 Yes If so, state the nature of such treatments and expected duration of treatment: 
2. Is the medical condition pregnancy? No 0 Yes If so, expected delivery date:---------
3. Use the information provided by the employing office in Section I to answer this question. If the employing 
office fails to provide a list of the employee's essential functions or a job description, answer these questions 
based upon the employee's own description of his/her job functions. 
Is the employee unable to perform any of his/her job functions due to the condition: 0 No Yes 
If so, identify the job functions the employee is unable to perform: 
4. Describe other relevant medical facts, if any, related to the condition for which the employee seeks leave (such 
medical facts may include symptoms, diagnosis, or any regimen of continuing treatment such as the use of 
specialized equipment): 
141 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6050 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2159 ES090915.003smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE5. Will the employee be incapacitated for a single continuous period of time due to his/her medical condition, 
including any time for treatment and recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of incapacity: --------------
6. Will the employee need to attend follow-up treatment appointments or work part-time or on a reduced schedule 
because ofthe employee's medical condition? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, are the treatments or the reduced number of hours of work medically necessary? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate treatment schedule, if any, including the dates of any scheduled appointments and the time required for 
each appointment, including any recovery period: 
Estimate the part-time or reduced work schedule the employee needs, if any: 
___ hour(s) per day; ___ days per week from _________ through _________ _ 
7. Will the condition cause episodic flare-ups periodically preventing the employee from performing his/her job 
functions? 0 No 0 Yes 
Is it medically necessary for the employee to be absent from work during the flare-ups? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, explain: ________ _ 
Based upon the patient's medical history and your knowledge of the medical condition, estimate the frequency of 
flare-ups and the duration of related incapacity that the patient may have over the next 6 months (e.g., 1 episode 
every 3 months lasting 1-2 days): 
Frequency: __ times per __ week(s) month(s) 
Duration: __ hours or __ day(s) per episode 
142 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6051 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2160 ES090915.004smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDate 
143 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6052 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2161 ES090915.005smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety. health, and workplace rights m the legislative branch 
Certification of Health Care Provider 
for Family Member's Serious Health 
Condition 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable 
by the Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA protections because of a need for leave to care for a covered family member with a serious 
health condition to submit a medical certification issued by the health care provider of the covered family member. 
Please complete Section I before giving this form to your employee. Your response is voluntary. While you are not 
required to use this form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA 
regulations issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.306-825.308. 
Employing offices must generally maintain records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, 
or medical histories of employees' family members created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in 
separate files/records from the usual personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic 
Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by the CAA. 
Employing office name and contact: ---------------------------
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II before giving this form to your family member 
or his/her medical provider. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that 
you submit a timely, complete, and sufficient medical certification to support a request for FMLA leave to care for a 
covered family member with a serious health condition. If requested by your employing office, your response is 
required to obtain or retain the benefit of FMLA protections. Failure to provide a complete and sufficient medical 
certification may result in a denial of your FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.313. Your employing office must 
give you at least 15 calendar days to return this form to your employing office. OOC regulations at 825.305(b ). 
Your Name:~~---------~~----------~~------------
Name offamily member for whom you will provide care: -:::-:·---------:-:-:-:-::-----------,.~--
Relationship of family member to you:--------·-------------------
If family member is your son or daughter, date of birth:-·---------·--------
Describe care you will provide to your family member and estimate leave needed to provide care: 
144 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6053 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2162 ES090915.006smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEEmployee Signature Date 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee listed above has requested leave under 
the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for your patient. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable 
parts below. Several questions seek a response as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your 
answer should be your best estimate based upon your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the 
patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as "lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to 
determine FMLA coverage. Limit your responses to the condition for which the patient needs leave. Do not provide 
information about genetic tests as defined in 29 C.F.R §!635.3(f), or genetic services, as defined in 29 C.F.R. 
§ 1635.3(e). Page 3 provides space for additional information, should you need it. Please be sure to sign the form on 
the last page. 
Provider's name and business address:----------------------·------
Type of practice I Medical specialty: 
Fax:('-___ ) ____ _ 
I. Approximate date condition commenced:--------------------------
Probable duration of condition:-----------------------------
Was the patient admitted for an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility? 
0 No 0 Yes If so, dates of admission:-----------------------
Date(s) you treated the patient for condition:-----------------------
Was medication, other than over-the-counter medication, prescribed? 0 No 0 Yes 
Will the patient need to have treatment visits at least twice per year due to the condition? IJ No 11 Yes 
Was the patient referred to other health care provider(s) for evaluation or treatment (e.g., physical therapist)? 
DNo DYes If so, state the nature of such treatments and expected duration of treatment: 
2. Is the medical condition pregnancy? D No DYes If so, expected delivery date: ______ _ 
3. Describe other relevant medical facts, if any, related to the condition for which the patient needs care (such 
medical facts may include symptoms, diagnosis, or any regimen of continuing treatment such as the use of 
specialized equipment): 
145 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6054 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2163 ES090915.007smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEWhen answering these questions, keep in mind that your 
patient's need for care by the employee seeking leave may include assistance with basic medical, hygienic, 
nutritional, safety or transportation needs, or the provision of physical or psychological care: 
4. Will the patient be incapacitated for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and 
recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of incapacity: ----------------
During this time, will the patient need care? 0 No 0 Yes 
Explain the care needed by the patient and why such care is medically necessary: -----------
5. Will the patient require follow-up treatments, including any time for recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate treatment schedule, if any, including the dates of any scheduled appointments and the time required for 
each appointment, including any recovery period: 
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: ------------
6. Will the patient require care on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, including any time for recovery? 
ONo DYes 
Estimate the hours the patient needs care on an intem1ittent basis, if any: 
____ hour(s) per day; ___ days per week from _________ through--------
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: -----------
146 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6055 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2164 ES090915.008smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE7. Will the condition cause episodic flare-ups periodically preventing the patient from participating in normal daily 
activities? D No D Yes 
Based upon the patient's medical history and your knowledge of the medical condition, estimate the frequency of 
flare-ups and the duration of related incapacity that the patient may have over the next 6 months (e.g., 1 episode 
every 3 months lasting 1-2 days): 
Frequency: __ times per __ week(s) __ month(s) 
Duration: __ hours or __ day{s) per episode 
Does the patient need care during these flare-ups? D No D Yes 
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: -----------
--------------·---·--------------------------
147 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6056 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2165 ES090915.009smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSESignature of Health Care Provider Date: 
148 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6057 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2166 ES090915.010smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Notice of Eligibility Rights and 
Responsibilities 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable 
by the Congressional Accountability 
Act) 
In general, to be eligible a covered employee must have worked for an employing office for at least 12 months and 
have worked at least 1,250 hours in the 12 months preceding the leave. While use of this form by employing offices 
is optional, a fully completed form provides employees with the information required by the FMLA regulations 
issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.300(b), which must be provided 
within five business days of the employee notifying the employing office of the need for FMLA leave. Part B 
provides employees with information regarding their rights and responsibilities for taking FMLA leave, as required 
by the Board's FMLA regulations at 825.300(b), (c). 
[Part A NOTICE OF ELIGIBILITYJ 
TO: 
Employee 
FROM: ~~===-~------------------Emplo) ing Office Representative 
DATE: 
On _________ , you informed us that you needed leave beginning on _________ for: 
0 The birth of a child, or placement of a child with you for adoption or foster care; 
0 Your own serious health condition; 
0 Because you are needed to care for your 0 spouse; 0 child; 0 parent due to his/her serious health condition. 
Because of a qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that your 0 spouse; 0 son or daughter; [J parent is on 
covered active duty or call to covered active duty status with the Armed Forces. 
0 Because you are the [J spouse; 0 son or daughter; 0 parent; 0 next of kin of a covered servicemember with a 
serious injury or illness. 
This Notice is to inform you that you: 
Are eligible for FMLA leave (See Part B below for Rights and Responsibilities) 
0 Are not eligible for FMLA leave, because (only one reason need be checked, although you may not be eligible 
for other reasons): 
0 You have not met the FMLA's 12-month length of service requirement. As ofthe first date of requested 
leave, you will have worked approximately __ months towards this requirement. 
0 You have not met the FMLA 's I ,250-hours-worked requirement. 
If you have any questions, contact: or view the -----------------------------
FMLA poster located in 
149 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6058 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2167 ES090915.011smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE!PART B-RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES FOR TAKING FMLA LEAVE! 
As explained in Part A, you meet the eligibility requirements for taking FMLA leave and still have FMLA leave 
available in the applicable 12-month period. However, in order for us to determine whether your absence 
qualifies as FMLA leave, you must return the following information to us by_----:-----:------:~:--~:--­
(If a certification is requested, employing offices must allow at least 15 calendar days from receipt of this notice; 
additional time may be required in some circumstances.) If sufficient information is not provided in a timely 
manner, your leave may be denied. 
0 Sufficient certification to support your request for FMLA leave. A certification form that sets forth the 
information necessary to support your request is/_ is not enclosed. 
0 Sufficient documentation to establish the required relationship between you and your family member. 
0 Other information needed (such as documentation for military family leave):------------
C No additional information requested 
If your leave does qualify as FMLA leave, you will have the following responsibilities while on FMLA leave 
(only checked blanks apply): 
0 Contact at to make arrangements to 
continue to make your share of the premium payments on your health insurance to maintain health benefits 
while you are on leave. You have a minimum 30-day (or, indicate longer period, if applicable) grace period in 
which to make premium payments. If payment is not made timely, your group health insurance may be 
cancelled, provided we notifY you in writing at least 15 days before the date that your health coverage will 
lapse, or, at our option, we may pay your share of the premiums during FMLA leave, and recover these 
payments from you upon your return to work. 
0 You will be required to use your available paid sick, vacation, and/or _other leave during your 
FMLA absence. This means that you will receive your paid leave and the leave will also be considered 
protected FMLA leave and counted against your FMLA leave entitlement. 
o Due to your status within the company, you are considered a "key employee" as defined in the FMLA. As a 
"key employee," restoration to employment may be denied following FMLA leave on the grounds that such 
restoration will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to us. We _have/_ have not determined 
that restoring you to employment at the conclusion of FMLA leave will cause substantial and grievous 
economic harm to us. 
D While on leave you will be required to furnish us with periodic reports of your status and intent to return to work 
every . (Indicate interval of periodic reports, as appropriate for the particular 
leave situation). 
If the circumstances of your leave change, and you are able to return to work earlier than the date indicated 
on this form, you will be required to notify us at least two workdays prior to the date you intend to report for 
work. 
If your leave does qualify as FMLA leave you will have the following rights while on FMLA leave: 
• You have a right under the FMLA for up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave in a 12-month period calculated as: 
150 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6059 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2168 ES090915.012smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE0 the calendar year (January- December). 
0 a fixed leave year based on. _______________________ _ 
l] the 12-month period measured forward from the date of your first FMLA leave usage. 
0 a "rolling" 12-month period measured backward from the date of any FMLA leave usage. 
• You have a right under the FMLA for up to 
26 weeks of unpaid leave in a single 12-month period to care 
for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. This single 12-month period commenced on 
• Your health benefits must be maintained during any period of unpaid leave under the same conditions as if 
you continued to work. 
• You must be reinstated to the same or an equivalent job with the same pay, benefits, and terms and 
conditions of employment on your return from FMLA-protected leave. (If your leave extends beyond the 
end of your FMLA entitlement, you do not have return rights under FMLA.) 
• If you do not return to work following FMLA leave for a reason other than: l) the continuation, recurrence, 
or onset of a serious health condition which would entitle you to FMLA leave; 2) the continuation, 
recurrence, or onset of a covered servicemember's serious injury or illness which would entitle you to 
FMLA leave; or 3) other circumstances beyond your control, you may be required to reimburse us for our 
share of health insurance premiums paid on your behalf during your FMLA leave. 
• If we have not informed you above that you must use accrued paid leave while taking your unpaid FMLA 
leave entitlement, you have the right to have sick, __ vacation, and/or other leave run 
concurrently with your unpaid leave entitlement, provided you meet any applicable requirements of the 
leave policy. Applicable conditions related to the substitution of paid leave are referenced or set forth 
below. If you do not meet the requirements for taking paid leave, you remain entitled to take unpaid FMLA 
leave. 
0 For a copy of conditions applicable to sick/vacation/other leave usage please refer to 
__________ available at: ------------------
0 Applicable conditions for use of paid leave:------------------------
Once we obtain the information from you as specified above, we will inform you, within 5 business days, 
whether your leave will be designated as FMLA leave and count towards your FMLA leave entitlement. If 
you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact: at 
151 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6060 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2169 ES090915.013smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights m the legislative branch 
Designation Notice 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
Leave covered under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made applicable by the Congressional 
Accountability Act (CAA), must be designated as FMLA-protected and the employing office must inform the 
employee of the amount of leave that will be counted against the employee's FMLA leave entitlement. In 
order to determine whether leave is covered under the FMLA, the employing office may request that the 
leave be supported by a certification. If the certification is incomplete or insufficient, the employing office 
must state in writing what additional information is necessary to make the certification complete and 
sufficient. While use of this form by employing offices is optional, a fully completed form provides an easy 
method of providing employees with the written information required by the regulations issued by the Office 
of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.300(d), 825.301, and 825.305(c). 
To: ______________________________________ _ 
Date: 
We have reviewed your request for leave under the FMLA and any supporting documentation that you have 
provided. We received your most recent infonnation on and decided: 
__ Your FMLA leave request is approved. All leave taken for this reason will be designated as FMLA leave. 
The FMLA requires that you notify us as soon as practicable if dates of scheduled leave change or are 
extended, or were initially unknown. Based on the information you have provided to date, we are providing 
the following information about the amount of time that will be counted against your leave entitlement: 
Provided there is no deviation from your anticipated leave schedule, the following number of hours, days, or 
weeks will be counted against your leave entitlement: ----------------------------
Because the leave you will need will be unscheduled, it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks 
that will be counted against your FMLA entitlement at this time. You have the right to request this 
infonnation once in a 30-day period (if leave was taken in the 30-day period). 
Please be advised (check if applicable): 
__ You have requested to use paid leave during your FMLA leave. Any paid leave taken for this reason will 
count against your FMLA leave entitlement. 
__ We are requiring you to substitute or use paid leave during your FMLA leave. 
You will be required to present a fitness-for-duty certificate to be restored to employment. If such certification 
is not timely received, your return to work may be delayed until certification is provided. A list of the 
essential functions of your position_ is __ is not attached. If attached, the fitness-for-duty certification must 
address your ability to perfonn these functions. 
Additional information is needed to determine if your FMLA leave request can be approved: 
The certification you have provided is not complete and sufficient to detennine whether the FMLA applies to 
your leave request. You must provide the following infonnation no later than __ _ 
(Provide at least seven calendar days) 
unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances despite your diligent good faith efforts, or your 
leave may be denied. 
(Specify information needed to make certification complete and sufficient) 
152 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6061 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2170 ES090915.014smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE__ We are exercising our right to have you obtain a second or third opinion medical certification at our expense, 
and we will provide further details at a later time. 
Your FMLA Leave request is Not Approved. 
The FMLA does not apply to your leave request. 
You have exhausted your FMLA leave entitlement in the applicable 12-month period. 
153 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6062 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2171 ES090915.015smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing saftty, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification of Qualifying Exigency for 
Military Family Leave 
(Family and Medical Leave Act. as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency to submit a certification. Please complete Section I 
before giving this form to your employee. Your response is voluntary, and while you are not required to use this 
form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued 
by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.309. 
Employing office name:---------------
Contact Information:-------------------------·----
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II fully and completely. The FMLA, as made 
applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that you submit a timely, complete, and sufficient 
certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency. Several questions in this section seek 
a response as to the frequency or duration of the qualifYing exigency. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Your response is required to 
obtain a benefit. OOC regulations at 825.310. While you are not required to provide this information, failure to do so 
may result in a denial of your request for FMLA leave. Your employing office must give you at least 15 calendar 
days to return this form to your employing office. 
YourName: ___ ~~-----------~~~----------~~----------First Middle Last 
Name of military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status: 
First Middle Last 
Relationship of military member to you:----------------------------
Period of military member's covered active duty:---------------------------
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency includes 
written documentation confirming a military member's covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
Please check one of the following and attach the indicated document to support that the military member is on 
covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
A copy of the military member's covered active duty orders is attached. 
Other documentation from the military certifYing that the military member is on covered active duty (or has 
been notified of an impending call to covered active duty) is attached. 
I have previously provided my employing office with sufficient written documentation confirming the military 
member's covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
154 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6063 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2172 ES090915.016smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE1. Describe the reason you are requesting FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency (including the specific 
reason you are requesting leave): 
2. A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency 
includes any available written documentation which supports the need for leave; such documentation may 
include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a 
document confirming the military member's Rest and Recuperation leave; a document confirming an 
appointment with a third party, such as a counselor or school official, or staff at a care facility; or a copy of 
a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs. Available written documentation supporting 
this request for leave is attached. 
Yes 0 No 0 None Available 0 
1. Approximate date exigency commenced:-----------------------
Probable duration of exigency:----------------------------
2. Will you need to be absent from work for a single continuous period of time due to the qualifYing 
exigency? 0 Yes 0 No 
If so, estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of absence: 
3. Will you need to be absent from work periodically to address this qualifYing exigency? 0 Yes [J No 
Estimate schedule of leave, including the dates of any scheduled meetings or appointments: 
Estimate the frequency and duration of each appointment, meeting, or leave event, including any travel 
time (i.e., 1 deployment-related meeting every month lasting 4 hours): 
Frequency: times per week(s) month(s) 
Duration: __ hours __ day(s) per event. 
If leave is requested to meet with a third party (such as to arrange for childcare, to attend counseling, to attend 
meetings with school, childcare or parental care providers, to make financial or legal arrangements, to act as the 
military member's representative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging or 
appealing military service benefits, or to attend any event sponsored by the military or military service 
organizations), a complete and sufficient certification includes the name, address, and appropriate contact 
155 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6064 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2173 ES090915.017smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEinfonnation of the individual or entity with whom you are meeting (i.e., either the telephone or fax number or email 
address of the individual or entity). This infonnation may be used by your employing office to verif'y that the 
infonnation contained on this fonn is accurate. 
Name oflndividual: ______________ Title:----------------
Organization:--------------·--------------------------
Address: __________________________________________ _ 
Telephone:(. ___ ) ___________ _ Fax:~ ___ ) ______________ ___ 
Email: __________________________________________ _ 
Describe nature of meeting:--------------------------------------
I certify that the infonnation I provided above is true and correct. 
Signature of Employee Date: 
156 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6065 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2174 ES090915.018smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a 
Current Servicemember-
for Military Family Leave 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA leave due to a serious injury or illness of a current servicemember to submit a certification 
providing sufficient facts to support the request for leave. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to 
use this form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations 
issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.310. Employing offices must 
generally maintain records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of 
employees or employees' family members created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate 
files/records from the usual personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information 
Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by the CAA. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE or CURRENT SERVICEMEMBER: Please complete Section I before 
having Section II completed. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require 
that an employee submit a timely, complete, and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to 
a serious injury or illness of a servicemember. If requested by the employing office, your response is required to 
obtain or retain the benefit ofFMLA-protected leave. Failure to do so may result in a denial of an employee's 
FMLA request. Board's regulations at 825.31 O(t). The employing office must give an employee at least 15 calendar 
days to return this form to the employing office. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee listed on Page 2 has requested leave 
under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for a family member who is a current member of the 
Regular Armed Forces, the National Guard, or the Reserves who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or 
therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list for a serious injury or 
illness. For purposes of FMLA leave, a serious injury or illness is one that was incurred in the line of duty on active 
duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member's active duty and was aggravated by 
service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces that may render the servicemember medically unfit to 
perform the duties of his or her office, grade, rank, or rating. 
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a covered servicemember's 
serious injury or illness includes written documentation confirming that the servicemember's injury or illness was 
incurred in the line of duty on active duty or if not, that the current servicemember' s injury or illness existed before 
the beginning of the servicemember's active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in 
the Armed Forces, and that the current servicemember is undergoing treatment for such injury or illness by a health 
care provider listed above. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable parts. Several questions seek a response as 
157 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6066 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2175 ES090915.019smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEto the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your answer should be your best estimate based upon 
your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Limit your 
responses to the servicemember's condition for which the employee is seeking leave. Do not provide information 
about genetic tests, as defined in 29 C.F.R. §l635.3(f), or genetic services, as defined in 29 C.F.R. §1635.3(e). 
(This section must be completed first before any of the below sections can be completed by a health care provider.) 
Name and Address of Employing Office (this is the employing office ofthe employee requesting leave to care for 
the current servicemember): 
Name of Employee Requesting Leave to Care for Current Servicemember: 
Name of the Current Servicemember (for whom employee is requesting leave to care): 
Relationship of Employee to the Current Servicemember: 
0 Spouse 0 Parent 0 Son 0 Daughter ONextofKin 
(I) Is the Servicemember a Current Member of the Regular Armed Forces, the National Guard or Reserves? 
DYes DNo 
If yes, please provide the servicemember's military branch, rank and unit currently assigned to: 
-----------------
Is the servicemember assigned to a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient or to a unit 
established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving 
medical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit)? 
DYes ONo 
If yes, please provide the name of the medical treatment facility or unit: 
(2) Is the Servicemember on the Temporary Disability Retired List (TDRL)? 
DYes DNo 
158 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6067 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2176 ES090915.020smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEDescribe the Care to Be Provided to the Current Servicemember and an Estimate of the Leave Needed to Provide the 
Care: 
If you are unable to make certain of the military-related determinations contained below in Part B, you are 
permitted to rely upon determinations from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care 
coordinator). 
(Please ensure that Section I above has been completed before completing this section. Please be sure to sign the 
form on the last page.) 
Health Care Provider's Name and Business Address: 
Type of Practice/Medical Specialty: 
Please state whether you are either: (1) a DOD health care provider; (2) a VA health care provider; (3) a DOD 
TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; (4) a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private 
health care provider; or (5) a health care provider as defined in the OOC regulations at 825.125: 
Telephone: ('-----' Fax:('---- ____ _ 
Email: ____________ ~---------------------------------------------------------
(I) The current Servicemember's medical condition is classified as (Check One ofthe Appropriate Boxes): 
0 (VSI) Very Seriously Ill/Injured- Illness/Injury is of such a severity that life is imminently 
endangered. Family members are requested at bedside immediately. (Please note this is an internal DOD 
casualty assistance designation used by DOD healthcare providers.) 
0 (SI) Seriously Ill/Injured- Illness/injmy is of such severity that there is cause for immediate concern, 
but there is no imminent danger to life. Family members are requested at bedside. (Please note this is an 
internal DOD casualty assistance designation used by DOD healthcare providers.) 
0 OTHER Ill/Injured- a serious injury or illness that may render the servicemember medically unfit to 
perform the duties of the member's office, grade, rank, or rating. 
0 NONE OF THE ABOVE (Note to Employee: If this box is checked, you may still be eligible to take 
leave to care for a covered family member with a "serious health condition" under 825.113 of the FMLA, 
159 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6068 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2177 ES090915.021smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEas made applicable by the CAA. If such leave is requested, you may be required to complete the OOC's 
optional certification form (Form B) or an employing office-provided form seeking the same information.) 
(2) Is the current Servicemember being treated for a condition which was incurred or gravitated by service in 
the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces? D Yes [J No 
(3) Approximate date condition commenced: ___ _ 
(4) Probable duration of condition and/or need for care:--------------------
(5) Is the servicemember undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for this condition? 
DYes DNo 
If yes, please describe medical treatment, recuperation or therapy: 
(1) Will the servicemember need care for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment 
and recovery? Yes D No 
If yes, estimate the beginning and ending dates for this period of time: 
(2) Will the servicemember require periodic follow-up treatment appointments? DYes D No 
If yes, estimate the treatment schedule: 
(3) Is there a medical necessity for the servicemember to have periodic care for these follow-up treatment 
appointments? DYes D No. 
(4) Is there a medical necessity for the servicemember to have periodic care for other than scheduled follow-up 
treatment appointments (e.g., episodic flare-ups of medical condition)? DYes D No. 
If yes, please estimate the frequency and duration of the periodic care: 
Signature of Health Care Provider:--------------- Date: _________ _ 
160 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6069 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2178 ES090915.022smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safoty, health. and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a 
Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), 
provides that an employing office may require an employee seeking military caregiver leave under the FMLA leave 
due to a serious injury or illness of a covered veteran to submit a certification providing sufficient facts to support 
the request for leave. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to use this form, you may not ask the 
employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued by the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.310. Employing offices must generally maintain records 
and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of employees or employees' 
family members, created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate files/records from the usual 
personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, 
as made applicable by the CAA. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE and/or VETERAN: Please complete Section I before having Section II 
completed. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that an employee 
submit a timely, complete, and sufficient certification to support a request for military caregiver leave under the 
FMLA leave due to a serious injury or illness of a covered veteran. If requested by the employing office, your 
response is required to obtain or retain the benefit of FMLA-protected leave. Failure to do so may result in a denial 
of an employee's FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.31 O(g). The employing office must give an employee at 
least 15 calendar days to return this form to the employing office. 
(This section must be completed before Section II can be completed by a health care provider.) 
Name and address of employing office (this is the employing office of the employee requesting leave to care for a 
veteran): 
Name of employee requesting leave to care for a veteran: 
Name of veteran (for whom employee is requesting leave): 
Last 
Relationship of employee to veteran: 
0 Spouse 0 Parent 0 Son 0 Daughter 0 Next of Kin 0 ________ (please specif'y relationship): 
161 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6070 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2179 ES090915.023smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE( 1) Date of the veteran's discharge: 
(2) Was the veteran dishonorably discharged or released from the Armed Forces (including the National 
Guard or Reserves)? 0 Yes 0 No 
(3) Please provide the veteran's military branch, rank and unit at the time of discharge: 
( 4) Is the veteran receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness? 
0 Yes ONo 
Describe the care to be provided to the veteran and an estimate of the leave needed to provide the care: 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee named in Section I has requested leave under 
the military caregiver leave provision of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for a family member 
who is a veteran. For purposes of FMLA military caregiver leave, a serious injury or illness means an injury or 
illness incurred by the servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or that existed before 
the beginning of the servicemember's active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in 
the Armed Forces) and manifested itself before or after the servicemember became a veteran, and is: 
(i) a continuation of a serious injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was 
a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember unable to perform the duties of the 
scrvicemcmber's office, grade, rank, or rating; or 
(ii) a physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans 
Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (V ASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and such V ASRD rating is 
based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(iii) a physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran's ability to secure or follow 
a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or 
would do so absent treatment; or 
(iv) an injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran has been enrolled in 
the Department of Veterans' Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA military caregiver leave due to a covered 
veteran's serious injury or illness includes written documentation confirming that the veteran's injury or illness was 
incurred in the line of duty on active duty or existed before the beginning of the veteran's active duty and was 
aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty, and that the veteran is undergoing treatment, recuperation, 
or therapy for such injury or illness by a health care provider listed above. Answer 
fully and completely all 
applicable parts. Several questions seek a response as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. 
Your answer should be your best estimate based upon your 
medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the 
patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as "lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to 
determine FMLA military caregiver leave coverage. Limit your responses to the veteran's condition for which the 
162 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6071 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2180 ES090915.024smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEemployee is seeking leave. Do not provide information about genetic tests, as defined in 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(f), or 
genetic services, as defined in 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(e). 
(Please ensure that Section I has been completed before completing this section. Please be sure to sign the form on 
the last page and return this form to the employee requesting leave (See Section I, Part A above). DO NOT SEND 
THE COMPLETED FORM TO THE OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE.) 
Health care provider's name and business address:-----------------------
Telephone: ('--~ ___ _ __________ Fax:{~--- _____ __ 
Email: ______________________________________ _ 
Type of Practice/Medical Specialty: ______________________________ _ 
Please indicate if you are: 
0 a DOD health care provider 
0 a VA health care provider 
0 a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider 
0 a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private health care provider 
0 other health care provider 
Note: If you are unable to make certain of the military-related determinations contained in Part B, you are permitted 
to rely upon determinations from an authorized DOD representative (such as, DOD Recovery Care Coordinator) or 
an authorized VA representative. 
(1) The Veteran's medical condition is: 
A continuation of a serious injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran 
was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember unable to perform the duties of 
the servicemember's office, grade, rank, or rating. 
D A physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of 
Veterans Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (V ASRD) of 50% or higher, and such V ASRD 
rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave. 
D A physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran's ability to secure or 
follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military 
service, or would do so absent treatment. 
0 An injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran is enrolled in the 
Department of Veterans' Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
0 None of the above. 
(2) Is the veteran being treated for a condition which was incurred or aggravated by service in the line of duty 
on active duty in the Armed Forces? DYes D No 
163 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6072 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.012 H16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2181/2199 ES090915.025smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE(3) Approximate date condition commenced: 
(4) Probable duration of condition and/or need for care:------------------
(5) Is the veteran undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for this condition? 0 Yes 0 No 
If yes, please describe medical treatment, recuperation or therapy:----------------
"Need for care" encompasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for example, due to 
his or her serious injury or illness, the veteran is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or 
nutritional needs or safety, or is unable to transport him or herself to the doctor. It also includes providing 
psychological comfort and reassurance which would be beneficial to the veteran who is receiving inpatient or home 
care. 
(I) Will the veteran need care for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and 
recovery? l Yes 1 No 
If yes, estimate the beginning and ending dates for this period of time:-------------
(2) Will the veteran require periodic follow-up treatment appointments? 1"1 Yes No 
If yes, estimate the treatment schedule: __ 
(3) Is there a medical necessity for the veteran to have periodic care for these follow-up treatment 
appointments? ' i Yes No 
(4) Is there a medical necessity for the veteran to have periodic care for other than scheduled follow-up 
treatment appointments (e.g., episodic flare-ups of medical condition)? l; Yes No 
If yes, please estimate the frequency and duration of the periodic care:--------------
Signature of Health Care Provider:--------------- Date:----------
164 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6073 September 16, 2015 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2782. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General David R. Hogg, United States Army, and his advance-ment to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2783. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Federal Highway Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting a re-port pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Re-form Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2784. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; Mar-tha’s Vineyard, Massachusetts [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0731] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2785. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; U.S. Army Exercise, Des Plaines River, Channahon, IL [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0760] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2786. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Eighth Coast Guard District Annual and Recurring Safety Zones Update [Docket No.: USCG-2013-1060] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 8, 2016, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2787. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations; Eighth Coast Guard District Annual and Re-curring Marine Events Update [Docket No.: USCG-2013-1061] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2788. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Waddington Homecoming Fireworks, St. Lawrence River, Ogden Island, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0715] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2789. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; NOBLE DISCOVERER, Outer Continental Shelf Drillship, Chukchi Sea, AK [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0248] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2790. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s 
temporary final rule — Safety Zone — Oil Exploration Staging Area in Dutch Harbor, AK [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0246] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2791. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zones; Cleveland Dragon Boat Festival and Head of the Cuyahoga, Cuyahoga River, Cleveland, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0082] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2792. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River MM 180.0 to 180.5; St. Louis, MO [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0704] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2793. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Incredoubleman Triathlon; Henderson Bay, Lake Ontario, Sackets Harbor, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0509] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2794. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Unexploded Ordnance Removal, Vero Beach, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0737] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2795. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone, Schuylkill River; Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2015- 0094] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2796. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zones and Regulated Navigation Area; Shell Arctic Drilling/Exploration Vessel and Associated Voluntary First Amendment Area, Portland, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0543] (RIN: 1625- AA00; 1625-AA11) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2797. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation, Tennessee River 647.0 to 648.0; Knox-ville, TN [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0337] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received September 8, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2798. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Special Local Reg-ulation; Southern California Annual Marine 
Events for the San Diego Captain of the Port Zone; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0568] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2799. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Special Local Reg-ulation; Southern California Annual Marine Events for the San Diego Captain of the Port Zone; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0738] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2800. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lations for Marine Events, Wrightsville Channel; Wrightsville Beach, NC [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0663] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2801. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regula-tion; Perth Amboy, New Jersey [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0374] (RIN: 1625-AA09) received September 8, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2802. A letter from the Chair of the Board 
of Directors, Office of Compliance, transmit-ting a notice of proposed rulemaking to the rights and protections under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as required by Sec. 304(b)(1) of the Congressional Account-ability Act of 1995, and 2 U.S.C. 1384(b)(1); jointly to the Committees on House Admin-istration and Education and the Workforce. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of com-
mittees were delivered to the Clerk for print-ing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on 
Rules. House Resolution 420. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adop-tion of environmental documents for permit-ting determinations, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 758) to amend rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney ac-countability, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules. (Rept. 114–261). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Ms. FOXX: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 421. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc.; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion; and for other purposes. (Rept. 114–262). Referred to the House Calendar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16SE7.000 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6074 September 16, 2015 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. UPTON: 
H.R. 8. A bill to modernize energy infra-
structure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government account-ability, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Education and the Work-force, Oversight and Government Reform, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. E STY): 
H.R. 3511. A bill to clarify the status of the 
North Country, Ice Age, and New England National Scenic Trails as units of the Na-tional Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, 
Mr. H
INOJOSA , Ms. H AHN, Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
SABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
GALLEGO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ECK 
of Washington, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California): 
H.R. 3512. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to clarify the Federal Pell Grant duration limits of borrowers who at-tend an institution of higher education that closes or commits fraud or other misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. 
E
LLISON , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. S AR-
BANES ): 
H.R. 3513. A bill to ensure greater afford-
ability of prescription drugs; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, 
Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. A DAMS , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , and Ms. B ROWN of Florida): 
H.R. 3514. A bill to amend the National 
Labor Relations Act to strengthen protec-tions for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employment and to provide for stronger remedies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Ms. F OXX, and 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 3515. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit dismemberment abortions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri, Mr. C OLE, Mr. T IBERI , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. R OSKAM , 
Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. R EED, 
and Mr. B OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 3516. A bill to amend the Social Secu-
rity Act relating to the use of determina-tions made by the Commissioner; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3517. A bill to amend title 36, United 
States Code to enhance oversight of the American National Red Cross by the Govern-ment Accountability Office and Inspectors General at the Departments of Homeland Se-curity, Treasury, and State, and require the Department of Homeland Security to con-duct a pilot program with the American Na-tional Red Cross to research and develop mechanisms for the Department to better le-verage social media to improve preparedness and response capabilities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for 
himself and Mr. A
MASH ): 
H.R. 3518. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to prohibit the use of amounts from the Asset Forfeiture Fund for the Do-mestic Cannabis Suppression/Eradication Program of the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3519. A bill to establish pilot programs 
to encourage the use of shared appreciation mortgage modifications, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself 
and Mrs. C
APPS ): 
H.R. 3520. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to establish an inter-agency coordinating committee on pul-monary hypertension, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3521. A bill to authorize grants for 
data collection for use in stock assessments of red snapper and other reef fish species in the Gulf of Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. E
LLI-
SON, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 3522. A bill to amend the National 
Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to implement a process under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to register to vote in elections for Federal office in the State, to direct the Election Assistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of minors in public election activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California (for 
herself, Ms. E
DWARDS , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. E SHOO , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. H AHN, and 
Mr. K EATING ): 
H.R. 3523. A bill to amend the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide for the eligibility of Transportation Security Administration employees to re-ceive public safety officers’ death benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. E
LLI-
SON, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. L EE, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 3524. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to prohibit the use of con-sumer credit checks against prospective and current employees for the purposes of mak-ing adverse employment decisions; to the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 3525. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a pilot program to award grants and loan guarantees to hospitals to carry out projects for the purpose of reduc-ing energy costs and increasing resilience to improve security; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHIFF , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F ARR, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K EATING , Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California): 
H.R. 3526. A bill to amend the Endangered 
Species Act of 1973 to extend the import- and export-related provision of that Act to spe-cies proposed for listing as threatened or en-dangered under that Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16SE7.100 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6075 September 16, 2015 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 3527. A bill to designate the mountain 
at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3528. A bill to amend the Congres-
sional Accountability Act of 1995 to provide enhanced enforcement authority for occupa-tional safety and health protections applica-ble to the legislative branch, to provide whistleblower protections and other antidiscrimation protections for employees of the legislative branch, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: 
H.R. 3529. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to study the feasibility of constructing an aramid synthetic fiber aque-duct to transport water from Oregon to Cali-fornia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. H
ONDA , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
COHEN ): 
H.R. 3530. A bill to eliminate mandatory 
minimum sentences for all drug offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B EYER , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, and Mr. L EWIS): 
H. Con. Res. 77. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the 70th anniversary of the estab-lishment of the United Nations; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H. Res. 422. A resolution honoring the Red 
Land Little League Team of Lewisberry, Pennsylvania for the performance of the team in the 2015 Little League World Series; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. W
HIT-
FIELD , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H UNTER , 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. H URDof 
Texas, Mr. J ONES , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
BISHOP of Utah, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
MACARTHUR , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-
gia, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B YRNE , and 
Mr. P ETERS ): 
H. Res. 423. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of October 2015 as Special Operations Forces Appreciation Month in order to honor members of United States Special Operations Forces for their service and sacrifice on behalf of the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
129. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 19, urging the Congress of the United States to enact legislation allowing immigrants to serve in the military if they are eligible under the President’s Executive Order for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or Executive Order for Deferred Action for Par-ents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and the Judiciary. 
130. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 18, urging the Congress of the United States to support H.R. 167, the federal Wildfire Disaster Funding Act; joint-ly to the Committees on the Budget, Agri-culture, and Natural Resources. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. UPTON: 
H.R. 8. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 3512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 3513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 3514. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 3515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the authority to protection 
unborn children under the Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.R. 3516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution, including Article I, 
section 8. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California: 
H.R. 3518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution (relating to the general welfare of the United States). 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 3520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. BEYER: 
H.R. 3522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: 
H.R. 3523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. COHEN: 
H.R. 3524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power to regulate foreign and interstate commerce) of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 3525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under the following pro-visions of the United States Constitution: 
Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 
By Mrs. LUMMIS: 
H.R. 3527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States;’’ 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3528. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16SE7.100 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6076 September 16, 2015 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: 
H.R. 3529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution: To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3530. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills—and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 184: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 188: Ms. E DWARDS and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska. 
H.R. 209: Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
POMPEO , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 265: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 300: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 306: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 317: Ms. L OFGREN and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 343: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 347: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 381: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 423: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 540: Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 546: Ms. E STYand Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 572: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 583: Mr. H UDSON and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 592: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 665: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 702: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
TROTT , and Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 711: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 748: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 765: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. N UNES , and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 771: Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 816: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 842: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND . 
H.R. 845: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 846: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 869: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. W ALZ, and Ms. 
MCCOLLUM . 
H.R. 879: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. W HITFIELD , and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 881: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 902: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 921: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 980: Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 985: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1013: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 1133: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1142: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. H ARDY and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1258: Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. K INGof New 
York, and Mr. A SHFORD . H.R. 1271: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1276: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 1383: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1391: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1422: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. M EEHAN and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. J OYCE and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1490: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1492: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1515: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P OMPEO and Mr. S WALWELL  
of California. 
H.R. 1526: Mr. H ECK of Nevada and Ms. 
EDWARDS . 
H.R. 1534: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1542: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1566: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1600: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D EUTCH and Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. J ONES , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
SANFORD , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1635: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. N ADLER , and 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1643: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 1644: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 1670: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1686: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1692: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1706: Mr. L ANGEVIN and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1718: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1728: Ms. E STYand Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. T AKANO , and 
Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1779: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P ETERS , 
and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. J ENKINS of West 
Virginia. 
H.R. 1859: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 1941: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1948: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 1969: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. 
AMODEI . 
H.R. 2005: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2010: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee. 
H.R. 2050: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2114: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2156: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2169: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2209: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2234: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2278: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
LEVIN, and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2366: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
WALBERG . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. R EED, Mr. T AKAI, and Ms. 
SINEMA . 
H.R. 2460: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 2463: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2510: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2520: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2521: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 2572: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 2595: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2602: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2622: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2639: Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 2675: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. E STY, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. 
PETERS , and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2726: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2737: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. 
H.R. 2738: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2763: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 2769: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2800: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 2808: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 2811: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2824: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 2850: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2855: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. L EVIN, Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 2861: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2867: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. E DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 2901: Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2903: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Mr. U PTON , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. 
BUCK. 
H.R. 2909: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2915: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2933: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2940: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2948: Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 2972: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2980: Mr. Q UIGLEY and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3011: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 3051: Mr. N ADLER and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3071: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 3084: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. 
JOYCE . 
H.R. 3108: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 3120: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3129: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3134: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H.R. 3137: Mr. V ALADAO  
H.R. 3141: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 3150: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN -GRISHAM of 
New Mexico, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 3202: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 3221: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 3226: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 3243: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. C A´RDENAS ,, Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3314: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 3338: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ILL, 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
WILLIAMS , Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, and Mr. 
DESANTIS . 
H.R. 3339: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 3340: Mr. R OYCE and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 3364: Mr. L EVIN, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. 
H.R. 3378: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. L ANCE and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.037 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6077 September 16, 2015 
H.R. 3423: Mr. L EVIN, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. W ELCH , and Mrs. 
BUSTOS . 
H.R. 3428: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 3429: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. K ELLY of Mis-
sissippi. 
H.R. 3442: Mr. M EEHAN and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 3443: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3454: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 3455: Mr. N ADLER and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 3456: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3457: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
HILL, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
MARINO , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. Y ODER , Ms. J ENKINS  
of Kansas, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. M UR-
PHYof Pennsylvania, Mr. S HIMKUS , and Mr. 
ROTHFUS . 
H.R. 3495: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M URPHY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 3497: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3504: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mrs. 
ROBY, and Mr. B ARTON . 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.J. Res. 66: Mr. R OUZER . 
H. Con. Res. 67: Mr. R OUZER . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. T IPTON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. S MITH of New Jer-
sey. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H. Res. 54: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H. Res. 111: Mr. F ORBES . 
H. Res. 140: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. D ENHAM , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Ms. K USTER . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
Mr. E LLISON . 
H. Res. 267: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 277: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H. Res. 294: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H. Res. 346: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H. Res. 348: Ms. E SHOO , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H. Res. 390: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H. Res. 392: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H. Res. 393: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. F OSTER . 
H. Res. 394: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
ENGEL . 
H. Res. 417: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED 
TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 3504 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative G
OODLATTE , or a designee, to 
H.R. 348, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE7.032 H16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6661 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 2015 No. 133 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. God of grace and love, You guard our 
lives with Your peace. Help us to not attempt to build a relationship with You on the basis of our merit and good-ness. 
Give our lawmakers the wisdom to 
make Your grace the foundation for their living. May Your righteousness that comes from faith energize them to dare more boldly, attempting to ac-complish great things for Your glory. Lord, grant that their childlike trust in You will free them to serve others, inspired by Your love. 
Oh God, You are our help and hope. 
Thank You for Your gifts of liberty and grace, unconditional love, and generous mercy. 
We pray in Your marvelous Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
AND GOVERNMENT FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, in one week 
Congress will host one of the world’s great faith leaders, His Holiness Pope Francis. Every Member of Congress is 
looking forward to the Pope’s historic address. 
Since beginning his papacy, Pope 
Francis has been admired for his hu-mility and honesty. Rather than shirk responsibility from important and con-troversial global challenges, he has confronted them. While he and I don’t agree on everything, his statements on climate change, immigration reform, and income inequality have challenged world leaders, and that is an under-statement. 
Yesterday His Holiness and the Vati-
can stated their support for the nuclear agreement with Iran. A spokesperson for His Holiness told the International Atomic Energy Agency that this agree-ment ‘‘will be a definitive step toward greater stability and security in the re-gion.’’ That is certainly the truth. 
Supporting the nuclear agreement 
between the permanent five members of the U.N. Security Council, Germany, and Iran is the best way to ensure that Iran does not get a nuclear weapon. That is what the agreement is all about. That is why last week the Sen-ate clearly stated the agreement will stand. No matter how you talk about all these other things, the agreement is to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. That is what it is all about. 
Last night the Senate again rejected 
the Republican attempt to derail the nuclear agreement. Now for the second time, the Republican leader is refusing to accept the reality that, in fact, it is going to go forward. He is doubling down and committing the Senate to vote on other issues. 
We have seen this strategy before. It 
never works, whether it was with homeland security, ObamaCare or all the other issues. All it does is waste time that we cannot afford. 
When the Republican leader tried 
this approach on homeland security, remember what J
OHNMCCAIN, the Sen-
ator from Arizona, said: It was the ‘‘definition of insanity.’’ What he was talking about was what Albert Ein-
stein said, that if you keep doing the same thing over and over, knowing you will get the same result, it is insanity. 
Today a news report described the 
Republican leader’s strategy as ‘‘the second kick of a mule,’’ and said ‘‘it’s not working.’’ 
It is unbelievable what the Repub-
lican leader is trying to do. We have 7 working days before a shutdown of the government. Why? Because we won’t have any money. The Senate will take no votes today. If the Republican lead-er has his way, all the Senate will do this week is take yet another failed vote on Iran. At this rate the Senate will end this week with nothing to show for our time but two failed votes—nothing dealing with the most important issue facing this country, and that is, how to fund the govern-ment. 
We have seen Republicans manufac-
ture crises before. This one truly is em-barrassing. The government runs out of money in a matter of days. Repub-licans have no plans to avoid a shut-down, and we have almost twoscore of Republicans in the House who said they will vote for nothing unless it defunds women’s health care. We have a number of Senators saying if there is nothing in this to stop the funding of Planned Parenthood, they will vote against it. 
The government runs out of money 
in just a few days. To do nothing, with no plans to avoid a shutdown, when we are standing around waiting for some-thing to be done on the budget is un-wise and wrong, and it is an insult to the American people. 
Last Thursday’s vote is not going to 
change. Last night’s vote will not change. The Republicans lost those votes. What are their future plans? They will not prevent President Obama and his administration from imple-menting the Iran agreement. 
There is precious little time left be-
fore a government shutdown. It is time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.000 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6662 September 16, 2015 
for the Republican leader to get serious 
about keeping the Federal Government open and funded. Are we just talking about something that is nonexistent as a problem? Two years ago the govern-ment was shut down for almost a month. I think it was 21 days that the government was shut down. It is very disturbing. 
In 1 week, as I have indicated, the 
Pope will be here, and it is time that we make sure that we follow some of the advice and counsel that he has given us. 
f 
NOMINATION OF GAYLE SMITH 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the good-
will and humanitarian efforts of the United States are needed all across the world. Victims of civil wars, disease outbreaks, and natural disasters de-pend on the aid and compassion of the American people. To our credit, we try our best to help as much as possible. 
Take one example. The Syrian ref-
ugee crisis is the worst humanitarian crisis since World War II. Four million Syrians are now refugees because of the country’s civil war, and thousands and thousands are fleeing to any place they can go. Most of them are winding up in Europe to escape the violence. 
There are almost another 8 million 
who are internally displaced within war-ravaged Syria. A lot of them are in cities and can’t go anyplace. If they try to leave, they get killed. Tragically, 5
1⁄2 
million of these poor individuals are children. The United States is trying to help. We are the single largest donor of humanitarian aid to the Syrian cri-sis. There is not a close second. 
The U.S. Agency for International 
Development, known as USAID, is one of the principal organizations by which the United States administers civilian foreign aid. This Agency plays an es-sential role in administering our Na-tion’s foreign policy. Yet, while all these events continue to unfold before the world’s eyes, Senate Republicans are blocking the next Administrator from taking her place. 
Gayle Smith was nominated by 
President Obama 5 months ago. We had hearings weeks and weeks ago—now into months. It was right to nominate her. She is an experienced leader in ad-ministering international humani-tarian assistance and global develop-ment, serving on the National Security Council at the White House. 
During her time at the White House, 
Gayle Smith has worked on major ty-phoons in Asia, the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, and ongoing conflicts in Syria and Iraq. She has extensive expe-rience in African affairs, both from her time at the National Security Council and from her work as a journalist cov-ering international affairs for more than two decades. During her time as a journalist, she spent time in active war zones and other conflicts. 
Gayle Smith’s credentials are impec-
cable, and her hearing in the Foreign Relations Committee in June reflected that. In September she was voted out 
unanimously in a voice vote. Yet here we are post-June—that is an under-statement. Her nomination was re-ported favorably, and we still have no confirmed Administrator. 
With all the news accounts we watch 
every day of these thousands and thou-
sands of lost people, the United States is being hampered in its ability to help because we don’t have anyone running the Agency. It is just the latest exam-ple of Republican obstruction for ob-struction’s sake. 
According to the Congressional Re-
search Service, the current Republican Congress has confirmed far fewer nomi-nees than any Congress in memory. Why? 
What are Republicans accomplishing 
by preventing a qualified nominee such as Gayle Smith from leading the U.S. Agency for International Development? They are doing it, and in so doing they are undermining U.S. foreign policy. They are undoing decades of admirable American humanitarian efforts. But even more unsettling is that Repub-licans are impeding our ability to as-sist those around the world who need help. 
It is time for the Republican leader 
and his Senators to change course and stop this blockade of the President’s nominations. 
I look forward to the Senate Repub-
licans releasing their obstruction on the Gayle Smith nomination and work-ing with Democrats to confirm her as the next Administrator of USAID im-mediately. All the Republican leader has to do is bring it to the floor. We will vote on it. If someone doesn’t want to vote for her, don’t vote for her. But it is really wrong to have our great country at a time of this huge humani-tarian crisis having no one leading the Agency that does more to alleviate the problems these people face than anyone we have in our government. 
Would the chair announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats con-trolling the final half. 
The Senator from South Dakota. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 2035 AND H.R. 36 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I under-
stand that there are two bills at the desk due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2035) to provide for the compensa-
tion of Federal employees affected by a lapse in appropriations. 
A bill (H.R. 36) to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
Mr. THUNE. In order to place the 
bills on the calendar under the provi-sions of rule XIV, I object to further proceeding, en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, back in 
May, Congress passed and the Presi-dent signed legislation guaranteeing Congress the chance to take an up-or- down vote on any nuclear deal with Iran. It was widely debated here in the Senate and in the House of Representa-tives. Votes were held, and in the Sen-ate, 98 Senators on both sides of the aisle agreed that we should pass legis-lation requiring that Congress have a voice—and through Congress the Amer-ican people have a voice—in something that is so important to America’s na-tional security interests. 
Yet here we are 4 months later, and 
the same Democrats who voted for that at the time and joined Republicans—98 Senators voted for the American people to have their voice heard on this— these same Democrats have now chosen to stifle the voices of the American people by refusing to allow an up-or- down vote on the President’s nuclear agreement. Twice now, when we at-tempted to move to a final vote on the deal, only four Democrats broke ranks with their colleagues and stood up to the President. That is a deeply dis-appointing result, especially given the stakes on this agreement. 
I would have to say that in some 
ways I suppose if you are trying to pro-tect your President from having to make a decision about whether to sign or veto this legislation—maybe they were pushed into that position by the administration—but the fact is, this is something that was voted on in the Senate, in the House of Representa-tives, overwhelmingly supported, and sent to the President. The President of the United States reluctantly signed it into law, but the understanding was from that point forward that when this was actually brought to the floor of the Senate, there would be an open debate and there would be a vote. All that I think is simply expected by the Amer-ican people is an opportunity to be heard from, in the form of an up-or- down vote, through their representa-tives in the Senate. 
I would think that even if Democrats 
in the Senate object to the vote that we would have on a resolution of dis-approval and want to support the President’s position, that they would allow it to be voted on and let it go to the President. If the President is so 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.001 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6663 September 16, 2015 
proud of this deal—and clearly he is— 
why would he not then want the oppor-tunity to veto a resolution of dis-approval coming from Congress on 
this? 
I think, clearly, Democrats in the 
Senate are doing their best to try and protect the President from having to make that decision, notwithstanding the President’s assertions that this is a wonderful deal for our country, a won-derful deal for our allies. Of course, the facts tell an entirely different story. A nuclear-armed Iran is a direct threat to the security of the United States and our allies in the Middle East, and the American people deserved that chance to have their voices heard. 
I wish to take just a moment to read 
some of the statements that have been made by Iran’s Supreme Leader over the past few weeks. This is directly from the Twitter feed of the Ayatollah Khamenei. Speaking to Israel, he said: ‘‘You will not see the next 25 years.’’ That is the Supreme Leader of Iran speaking to Israel. He adds: ‘‘God will-ing,’’ there will be nothing of the ‘‘Zi-onist regime’’ in the next 25 years. Again, this is coming directly from the Twitter feed of the Iranian Supreme Leader. 
Of the United States, he says some-
thing he has said before: ‘‘U.S. is the Great Satan.’’ That is exactly as I said coming directly from the Supreme Leader, the Ayatollah Khamenei, in Iran. 
So I challenge my colleagues in the 
Senate to reflect on those statements. Think about them. Not only do they demonstrate Iran’s hostility toward the United States and Israel, but they demonstrate another key point when it comes to this agreement; that is, Iran is playing the long game. 
President Obama and Secretary 
Kerry may be thinking in terms of the next few months, may be thinking about their own legacy, but the Iranian regime is thinking in terms of years and decades. While this deal may slow down Iran in the near term, in the long term it legitimizes Iran’s nuclear en-richment and drastically shortens its breakout period for a bomb. 
Under this agreement, in 10 years, 
Iran will transition from its current IR–1 centrifuges—which is about, they say, 1960s technology—to the large- scale production of IR–2m centrifuges, which are four or five times faster than what Iran has today. In addition, this deal gives Iran the option of building still more advanced IR–6 and IR–8 cen-trifuges down the road, which are 15 times faster at enriching uranium. In other words, without once violating this agreement in a decade, Iran will have reduced its breakout period for a bomb from a few months to a few weeks. This agreement also allows Iran to keep its fortified nuclear facilities, and it gives Iran access to conventional weapons and ballistic missiles capable of delivering a warhead far beyond Iran’s borders. 
Plus, under this agreement, Iran will 
have full access to international mar-kets and the materials and technical 
components it needs to build a bomb, material that right now it can only ac-cess through black-market channels. Iran is playing the long game, and in the long term this is a very good deal for Iran. 
Let’s be clear about Iran’s intentions 
regarding its nuclear program. Iran is not simply interested in pursuing a nu-clear enrichment program for its civil-ian energy needs. Iran is interested in building a bomb. Make no mistake about it, if Iran were only interested in producing electricity, it wouldn’t need a nuclear enrichment program. 
Look at other countries that use nu-
clear power to produce electricity. Sweden, for example, currently has 10 functioning nuclear powerplants, but it does not have a domestic nuclear en-richment program. Finland has four nuclear powerplants, but it does not conduct its own nuclear enrichment. Ukraine, which voluntarily gave up its post-Soviet nuclear arsenal in the 1990s, has 15 nuclear powerplants. It does not conduct its own nuclear en-richment. Mexico, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Spain, Switzerland, and South Africa—all these countries have nuclear powerplants, but none of these countries conducts its own nuclear en-richment and none of these countries needs to conduct its own enrichment because the fuel can easily be obtained in the world market, where there is ac-tually a surplus of enriched uranium. No one worries that these countries are on the verge of building a bomb be-cause their intentions are clear. They are only interested in the electricity they can obtain from nuclear power, and for this they don’t need to enrich their own uranium. 
Another striking example can be seen 
on the Korean Peninsula. South Korea, a thriving democracy, has 23 operating nuclear powerplants. Yet it does not have a commercial enrichment pro-gram or even a spent fuel reprocessing facility. North Korea, on the other hand, chose to pursue an undisclosed il-licit nuclear enrichment program, and North Korea has produced a nuclear bomb. 
Based on Iran’s behavior, is Iran try-
ing to be more like South Korea, with its multitude of powerplants and no en-richment capabilities, or North Korea, which fails to provide its population with electricity but still built a nu-clear bomb. If Iran wants a peaceful, ci-vilian, nuclear energy program, it does not need to be enriching uranium. 
Plain and simple, the only reason 
Iran needs a nuclear enrichment pro-gram is if it is interested in developing a nuclear weapon. If Iran wanted to si-lence all of its critics, if it wanted to prove that it is operating in good faith, it could halt its nuclear enrichment fa-cility at Fordow and halt its domestic enrichment program altogether. 
If President Obama had reached a 
deal that would accomplish this, the Senate would not have sought a vote upon a resolution of disapproval. In-stead, Republicans and Democrats 
alike would have been supporting the agreement praising the success of the negotiations, but that is not what hap-pened. Instead, the President agreed to a deal that validates Iran’s enrichment program, allows it to maintain its nu-clear facilities, and explicitly permits Iran to continue researching and man-ufacturing advanced centrifuges. In other words, in a few short years, this deal gives Iran everything it would need for the speedy development of a nuclear weapon. 
If Iran genuinely wants a peaceful 
nuclear energy program, it can put ev-eryone’s concerns to rest and dis-mantle its uranium enrichment struc-ture. Short of that, Iran is telegraphing to the world that it wants a nuclear bomb. 
Mr. President, I wish to shift gears 
for just a moment and address an as-sertion that Secretary Kerry has made numerous times throughout this de-bate. 
As we all know, one of the major 
points of contention surrounding this deal is the side agreements between Iran and the International Atomic En-ergy Agency, or the IAEA, that remain a secret. The nuclear deal grants in-spections at Iran’s known nuclear sites, but the details of these inspec-tions are being kept secret between the IAEA and Iran. Secretary Kerry has as-serted that keeping these side agree-ments secret is standard practice for the IAEA, but is that really the case? Are private agreements between Iran and host countries the norm? 
I wanted to find out. So last week I 
sat down with the former Deputy Di-rector of the IAEA, Olli Heinonen, and discussed the policies and procedures of the IAEA with him at length. Mr. Heinonen is an expert on this topic, having served with the IAEA for 27 years and personally inspected, I might add, sites in Iran in the past. He was able to tell me that keeping side agree-ments a secret is not standard for the IAEA. It is an exception that has peri-odically been used to protect propri-etary information for commercial rea-sons. 
Let me repeat that. In contrast to 
what Secretary Kerry is claiming, re-fusing to disclose these side agree-ments is not the IAEA’s normal proce-dure; it is an exception. When commer-cially sensitive information is not at risk, the IAEA’s practice is to make the details of the agreements public. 
So then why is the IAEA keeping its 
side agreements with Iran a secret? So far as we know, no proprietary con-cerns exist, which leads to the inevi-table conclusion that these agreements have been kept a secret because they outline a weak inspections regime that would be unlikely to stand up to scru-tiny, and the limited information that has been leaked so far backs up this conclusion. According to leaked docu-ments made available to the Associ-ated Press, the side agreements with the IAEA allow Iran to collect its own 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.003 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6664 September 16, 2015 
samples, with cameras recording the 
process. Iran will then deliver these samples to the IAEA to be tested for radioactive material. 
If that is true, there is reason to be 
deeply concerned because a process such as that would give Iran the oppor-tunity to hide its nuclear activities from the IAEA. It is like having the fox guard the hen house. 
One of the agreements made by Sec-
retary Kerry when the discussion of the 24-day waiting period for inspec-tions of undisclosed sites came up was that traces of radioactive material could not be hidden in 24 days. That was the Secretary’s argument. Samples taken from surfaces, where activities involving radioactive materials have taken place, will still have radioactive traces after the materials themselves are taken away. That has been the ar-gument that has been made by Sec-retary Kerry. The Secretary is right about that. Traces of radioactive mate-rial do remain, but what the Secretary doesn’t mention is that those traces can be hidden. If tabletops, floors or walls are painted over with certain ma-terials—not just once but several times—samples taken from their sur-faces will not reveal radioactive mate-rial, and that makes allowing Iran to take its own samples very dangerous, even if cameras are present. 
If inspections are intrusive enough— 
meaning actual human IAEA inspec-tors are walking through a facility looking not only for illicit activity but for signs of someone trying to cover up such activity—it is pretty easy to iden-tify newly painted surfaces and to know that something is amiss. That is the difference between actual inspec-tions by the IAEA and having Iran col-lect samples and having cameras cover it. 
If, as reports suggest, the IAEA has 
agreed to allow monitoring by camera instead of sending inspectors into the facilities, it will be very difficult for the IAEA to pick up on efforts to hide illicit activities, such as repainting surfaces. If the IAEA’s secret side deals allow Iran to conduct its own inspec-tions, then it is no wonder Iran wants to keep such deals a secret. 
Given the possibility that these se-
cret side deals significantly weaken the inspections regime authorized by this agreement, it is imperative that the contents of these deals be made public. In addition, if these agreements are not made known, the IAEA will be setting a dangerous precedent that could undermine its credibility moving forward. If Iran gets off the hook on in-spections and the IAEA allows this, what happens next time there is a rogue regime pursuing an illicit nu-clear program? Well, I will tell you what is going to happen. That nation will ask for the same inspections deal Iran got. 
If the White House is serious on any 
level about preventing future nuclear proliferation, it needs to consider very carefully what it is doing right now be-cause right now the White House is es-
tablishing a precedent that if a country is belligerent enough and hostile enough and pursues a nuclear program in violation of international agree-ments, eventually the international community will validate that coun-try’s nuclear program and possibly even allow the country to conduct its own inspections. That is an incredibly dangerous precedent to set. 
I understand that Senators have dif-
ferent ideological foundations from which we form our views and that sometimes political pressures come into play when Senators are looking at legislation, but it is very unfortunate that so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle chose to ignore the text of this agreement and cast their vote on ideological grounds. 
The truth is that this agreement will 
provide a hostile nation which has an expressed hatred of the United States and Israel with a clear path to a nu-clear bomb, and I am deeply dis-appointed that Senate Democrats could not even allow a vote on a deal of this magnitude—a deal that will shape the situation in the Middle East for years to come. 
As we move forward, Republicans 
will do everything we can to protect our country and our allies from the worst consequences of this agreement, starting with Leader M
CCONNELL ’s 
amendment to require a show of good faith from Tehran before congressional sanctions are lifted. I hope Democrats will join us. They still have that chance. I really do hope they will. This is that important. It is important to America’s national security interests. It is important to our allies in that re-gion of the world. 
This agreement is a bad agreement. 
It needs to be rejected. At a minimum, it needs to at least be voted on by the people’s elected representatives of this country—something 98 Senators agreed to do just 4 months ago, and now all of a sudden, because the President evi-dently doesn’t want to have to deal with a decision about whether to veto this resolution of disapproval, Demo-crats have dug in here in the Senate and are preventing the very thing 98 of us as Senators voted to allow to hap-pen just 4 months ago. That is wrong. The American people deserve better. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
address this issue the Senator from South Dakota has been speaking on as well. I am extremely disappointed and frustrated, as the Senator from South Dakota is and many of us are, that 42 of our Democratic colleagues would choose to block the Senate from even being able to consider and have an up- or-down vote on whether we should proceed with this incredibly important, in my view, extremely dangerous deal with Iran despite the fact, as has been observed, that 98 Senators voted to cre-ate this very mechanism—a mechanism by which we could consider whether 
Congress wanted to pass a resolution of disapproval to prevent this dangerous deal from going forward. Nevertheless, they subsequently voted not to allow the Senate—and it is mystifying. We know what the outcome would be. We know there is a bipartisan majority in the Senate that opposes the deal, as there is a bipartisan majority in the House that opposes the deal, as there is a bipartisan majority across America that opposes the deal. But somehow we have to I guess pretend that is not the case and avoid a vote that would clear-ly manifest that bipartisan majority here in the Senate. 
If we did have that vote and we 
passed the resolution of disapproval—it has passed the House—it would go to the President, and he would veto it. He has made that clear. And those of us who disapprove of this deal don’t have enough votes to override the Presi-dent’s veto. So in the end the President would still get his way. 
But somehow we have to hide from 
the fact that there is a clear bipartisan majority in both Houses of Congress that reflects the wishes of the Amer-ican people about this. That is pretty frustrating and pretty surprising and strange, that my Democratic col-leagues who say they are all for this deal nevertheless are afraid to ac-knowledge where the consensus really is. 
Well, I want to talk a bit about the 
specifics of the deal, but mostly I want to talk about the context of entering into a deal with a regime like the Ira-nian regime. There are a few things we should bear in mind when we are enter-ing into negotiations with any other country, but first and foremost, let’s remember that this isn’t an agreement with Switzerland; this isn’t an agree-ment with Canada; this is an agree-ment with the regime in Iran. 
The first point I would make about 
this regime is to remember how hostile they have been to the United States. Thirty-six years ago, radical Islamists in Tehran overran the U.S. Embassy, stormed the compound, and took 52 American hostages and held them for 444 days. And I would argue that our relationship with Iran has not im-proved a whole lot since then. They are still holding American hostages today. They have killed over 500 American troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. They regularly call for ‘‘Death to America.’’ They call us the Great Satan. This is a very hostile regime indeed. 
The second point we should keep in 
mind is the consistent, demonstrated aggressive nature and the regional am-bitions of this regime. This is, after all, the world’s No. 1 state sponsor of ter-rorism. They actively support Hezbollah. They actively support the Assad regime as he massacres his own people. And when the government in Yemen was cooperating with the United States—cooperating with us in attacking and killing terrorists who were trying to kill Americans—during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.004 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6665 September 16, 2015 
the midst of the negotiations, the Ira-
nian regime decided that was unaccept-able, so they essentially overthrew the Government in Yemen and launched a civil war, which rages to this day. Of course, they continue to consistently threaten the very existence of Israel. That has been a consistent message from this regime. 
The third point I would make is how 
fundamentally untrustworthy this re-gime is. They are currently in viola-tion of over 20 international agree-ments; yet we think they are going to comply with this one? It escapes me why we think that history isn’t going to repeat itself. Even during the nego-tiations, they were caught trying to buy nuclear parts. That is a violation of their own commitments. They were recently caught again using Hezbollah to supply arms to Assad in violation of agreements to which they committed. The bottom line is very clear: This re-gime in Iran cannot be trusted. 
Maybe the fourth point I want to 
make is the most important in some ways. It seems to me, in my experience in business and in life, in order to suc-cessfully complete a deal of almost any kind, to reach an agreement, it starts with a meeting of the minds. It starts with an agreement about a desired out-come. That is true in business, in mul-tinational organizations, and it is true in negotiations we engage in here in Congress. The starting point is agree-ing on a fundamental objective, and when two parties reach that agree-ment, then you can document it. You can draft the legal documents that then manifest and bring that agree-ment about. In my view—and I think this is a widely shared view—the Ira-nian regime has not decided to abandon their pursuit of nuclear weapons, and that makes all the difference in the world. 
I will take a contrasting point that I 
think is worth thinking about—the case of Muammar Qadhafi. We can probably all agree that Muammar Qa-dhafi was a very bad guy, probably a human being with no redeeming quali-ties at all. But after the United States went into Iraq and when our govern-ment presented him with the evidence we had about the Libyan weapon of mass destruction program, Muammar Qadhafi came to a conclusion. His con-clusion was that it was in his interest to abandon his pursuit of weapons of mass destruction because he was afraid of what we would do to him if he didn’t. He didn’t become a good guy; he made a rational analysis of his situa-tion and decided it was in his best in-terest. His ability to hold on to power would be enhanced if he gave up those programs, so he did. We reached an agreement, it was documented, and there is every reason to believe that would have succeeded because he had decided it was in his interest to make that agreement. 
I don’t think the Iranian Government 
has in any way come to the conclusion that they have to give up the pursuit of nuclear weapons. They have been at it 
for decades, and the very conditions they insisted on in this agreement, in my view, make it clear they have every intention of continuing to pursue nu-clear weapons. 
To summarize these points, when you 
are dealing with a country that is ex-tremely hostile to the United States and our allies, that is aggressively seeking to dominate that region, that has demonstrated by its actions that it is completely untrustworthy, and that shows no evidence of having actually decided to abandon the pursuit of nu-clear weapons, given those aspects, the reality we face, it is very difficult to complete an acceptable negotiation to ensure that country will be nuclear- free. At a minimum, you would need an absolutely bulletproof, airtight agree-ment in order to be successful. 
Instead, what do we have? We have 
an agreement where we give many tens, maybe over $100 billion virtually up front, which Iran will certainly use, at least in part, to fund their terrorist activities. The agreement allows them to retain an industrial-scale uranium enrichment program. You don’t need any uranium enrichment to have peaceful nuclear energy. There is a very dubious inspection and verifica-tion process which allows up to 24 days before inspectors can get to certain sites. The whole deal is temporary. After Iran gets its money, Iran can walk away with the deal with 35 days’ notice at any time. There is a little process they have to go through that is 30 days long, and then they can give 35 days’ notice and just walk away. That is codified in the agreement. Of course, I think it is extremely dangerous for Israel and diminishes the ability of Israel to defend itself, and I think it is very likely to lead to nuclear prolifera-tion throughout the Middle East. 
Those are plenty of reasons, in my 
view, to oppose this deal, but those are the parts we know about. What is truly amazing, what is absolutely shocking to me is that we don’t have all the doc-uments. I don’t know how anyone can support a deal when they know they haven’t seen some of the important documents that are part of the deal, but we know that is the case. 
There are two documents, negotiated 
apparently between the IAEA—which is responsible for enforcement of essen-tial parts of this agreement—and Iran, that not only has Congress not seen, the administration hasn’t even seen. Secretary Kerry has not seen them. Our negotiators haven’t seen them. No-body has. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have an additional 2 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. No objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TOOMEY. I thank the Chair. So it is shocking to me that we 
would proceed and that people would support an agreement when they know there are essential parts of enforce-
ment and discovery about the previous military dimensions that are unknown to us. 
There is another point I need to 
make, and I will close with this. We had the minority leader, the Demo-cratic leader, who was here last time we had this vote saying: This is over. You guys need to accept it, deal with it. This deal is going forward, and there is nothing you can do about it. It is done. 
I strongly disagree with that. This is 
not over. We are not finished with this. 
The reason we are not finished with this is because the President made a conscious decision. His decision was not to treat this as a treaty, not to re-spect the constitutional requirement to get two-thirds of the Senate to sup-port this, and had he brought us in early on, we might very well have been able to get there. Instead, he decided to circumvent the Constitution, the Con-gress, the United States Senate, and the will of the American people. So the result is that if the President goes for-ward with this, which it certainly looks as though he will, this deal will not be binding on the United States past this administration. That is by virtue of the decision the President made. The President could have gone a different way, but he didn’t, so the deal can be undone by the next President. And with bipartisan majorities in both Houses of Congress, that is entirely plausible. 
There is another consideration, and 
that is that the President will be doing so in violation of the law. The law—the Corker-Cardin legislation—clearly and unambiguously requires the President to turn over all documents to Congress before the 60-day window even begins, and only after that is he permitted to lift the sanctions. But the President has not given all the documents to Congress. In fact, he hasn’t even gotten all the documents himself. This is a 
clear, explicit violation of the law we all passed. 
I know the administration says: But 
it is customary for the IAEA to enter into these secret negotiations. As the Senator from South Dakota indicated a little while ago, it is not at all clear that it is customary, but more impor-tantly, that doesn’t matter. The law of the United States of America is more important than whatever is customary between the IAEA and other parties. 
So I think this is a very dangerous 
deal. I am very disappointed that we don’t have a chance to have a clean up- or-down vote on this as we should have. But it is important for companies thinking about doing business with Iran and countries around the world to realize this is a deal between the cur-rent administration and Iran and it does not necessarily succeed this ad-ministration. No. 2, if the President goes ahead and lifts sanctions, he will be doing it in violation of the law he signed. 
This is not over, and we should not be 
giving up. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.005 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6666 September 16, 2015 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
rise to speak today on another topic, and that is the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. Senator C
ANT-
WELL is going to be here shortly, and I 
thank her for her strong leadership. We will also be hearing at some point from Senator M
CCASKILL and Senator 
HEITKAMP . This has been a bipartisan 
effort. I thank the other Senators who have joined in this fight—Senator G
RA-
HAMand Senator K IRK. 
The reason I am here today is to say 
that America needs to be a country that exports, a country that thinks, that invents, that builds things, and that exports to the world. When 95 per-cent of the world’s customers live out-side of our borders, there is literally a world of opportunity out there for U.S. businesses. We simply can’t afford to pass this up. 
We know there are about 85 credit ex-
port agencies in over 60 other coun-tries. So all of these other countries, over 60 countries—major developed na-tions—have an Ex-Im type bank. Our businesses in the United States are competing against companies in those countries, so when they are bidding against each other for a contract, the companies in the other countries can say: Well, I may not be a huge busi-ness, I am a small business, but I know I can get financing from my country’s bank—whether they are in Germany or whether they are in China. 
Do you know what our companies 
have to say right now? Well, the Ex-Im Bank’s charter has lapsed. We can’t get financing. 
And if you don’t think their competi-
tors know this—their competitors know it. We have already heard that they have lost contracts because of this shortsightedness of letting the Ex- Im Bank lapse. So they are competing against these foreign businesses that are backed by other countries’ credit export programs, and they often also receive government subsidies. So why, I ask, would we want to make it harder for our own companies to compete across the globe and create jobs right here at home? 
In 2014, the Ex-Im Bank provided sup-
port for $27 billion worth of U.S. ex-ports. That sounds like a lot, but in the same year—are you ready for this?— China financed more than double that amount, $58 billion. So their Ex-Im type bank financed $58 billion, ours only did $27 billion, and now we are not doing anything. South Korea and Ger-many have already provided more sup-port for their exports than we have in the United States of America. 
So if we don’t get this done and reau-
thorize the Ex-Im Bank, countries like China are going to eat our lunch. That is why I am urging my colleagues to in-clude the reauthorization of the Ex-Im 
Bank in the spending bills we must pass to keep the government open and running. If we want to level the play-ing field for our businesses, we need to have the U.S. Ex-Im Bank open and running too. This is about jobs. 
In June I led a meeting of the Steer-
ing and Outreach Committee on the importance of the Ex-Im Bank. Several of my colleagues were at that meeting, too, and I will tell you what we heard. We heard from small business owners from all over the country. They did not mince words. Frankly, they were furi-ous and frustrated after watching some Members of Congress throw up road-block after roadblock and refuse to do the commonsense thing—reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank. These small business owners, like the many small business owners I have met in my State, told me the Ex-Im Bank is essential for their ability to export. Many of these small-er businesses don’t have an expert on every country in the world. They rely on the Ex-Im Bank to help them with that expertise, to get the financing. And what do they get now? This is what they get. This is what is on the Web site right now of the Ex-Im Bank: 
Due to a lapse in EXIM Bank’s authority, 
as of July 1, 2015, the Bank is unable to proc-ess applications or engage in new business or other activities. For more information, please click here. 
Then you click here, and it says: 
To Customers and Stakeholders of the Ex-
port-Import Bank of the United States:— 
This is the United States of America. 
It says— 
Due to a lapse in our authority, as of mid-
night on June 30th the Export-Import Bank of the United States ceased processing new applications or engaging in new business. 
Last week, Congress adjourned for their 
August recess without reauthorizing EXIM. Both the Senate and the House of Represent-atives return to Washington on September 8th. This means that EXIM will focus on the management of our $107 billion portfolio . . . 
But they cannot do anything new. 
Guess who else is reading that. Our 
foreign competitors, companies and countries all over the world. They are able to show the people for whom they are bidding: Look what happens when you go to the Ex-Im type financing site in the United States. Guess what it says. It says: Sorry, we are lapsed; we can’t do anything. 
That is what these companies from 
other countries are seeing. 
We heard from Boyle Energy Services 
in New Hampshire, Air Tractor in Texas, the Orbital Sciences Corpora-tion in Virginia, and FirmGreen in California. Most were headed up by Re-publican CEOs. They all said the same thing—that Ex-Im Bank has been crit-ical in building their businesses and supporting their ability to export all over the world. Many of them told us they would lose business, not be able to enter into contracts, and may even have to lay off workers if they lose the support of the Ex-Im Bank. And now it is not just the possibility of having to lay off workers; that is actually hap-pening in our country due to this prob-
lem with the Ex-Im Bank. 
At the end of June when the Ex-Im 
Bank expired, there were nearly 200 transactions totaling over $9 billion in financing pending. Letting the Ex-Im Bank’s charter lapse meant lost con-tracts and layoffs. It means European and Chinese workers will be doing the jobs Americans are now doing. 
My colleagues, I don’t think we can 
wait any longer. I will put in the R
ECORD the evidence from my own 
State and what it has meant in my own State. 
Every year I visit all 87 counties in 
Minnesota and I meet with all kinds of small business owners. One thing that I find over and over is that these small businesses are exporting and many are using the Ex-Im Bank to provide them with the expertise they need to enter new markets all over the world and the vital loans, loan guarantees or credit insurance they need to access these markets. 
The list of Minnesota companies that 
have told me of their strong support for the Ex-Im Bank is long. Let me share a few examples. 
I have met with the people at 
Balzer—an agricultural equipment manufacturer based in Mountain Lake—a town of 2,000. They told me that they have grown their exports to about 15 percent of total sales with the help of the Ex-Im Bank. They export from Canada to Kazakhstan—from Japan to Australia—and now South Af-rica too. 
With the help of the Ex-Im Bank, Su-
perior Industries in Morris has been able to export to Canada, Australia, Russia, Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, and Brazil. 
I have heard from the Trade Accept-
ance Group in Edina which provides credit insurance to businesses that ex-port. They rely on the Ex-Im Bank. I heard from Fastenal and Miller Inge-nuity, both from Winona. They told me how the Ex-Im Bank helped them reach new markets in Mexico, Indonesia, and Africa. And the list goes on. 
The Ex-Im Bank was helping these 
small businesses from all over Min-nesota and all over the country com-pete and export globally. These are success stories and we need more of them. There are success stories like this in every State. And these are the stories we want to hear—not stories about losing jobs and business opportu-nities to Europe and China. 
I have given speeches on this before. 
We cannot wait any longer. We need to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank now. 
I will end with this, as I see Senator 
C
ANTWELL , our great leader on this, is 
in the Chamber. The Ex-Im Bank has been reauthorized 16 times in its 81- year history, every time with broad bi-partisan majorities, and Ex-Im has the support this year. The Senate has voted twice with bipartisan support to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank, and over 250 House Members have cosponsored bills supporting the Ex-Im Bank. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.007 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6667 September 16, 2015 
The time is here. It is time to stop 
playing procedural games, get this re-authorized so our great U.S. companies no longer have to go to a Web site that says: Due to a lapse of authority, the Export-Import Bank of the United States is unable to process applications or engage in new business. 
We are all about new business in this 
country. That is what we have always been all about. So it is time to change that Web site, and we do it by reau-thorizing Ex-Im. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Minnesota for her work and her leadership position in the Senate and for focusing on eco-nomic policy and constantly doing the research and legwork on how our econ-omy is moving forward and what key essentials we need to move forward. The fact that she is here this morning to speak about the Export-Import Bank and the fact that the lapse of the Bank itself is causing us great eco-nomic challenge—I certainly very much appreciate everything she is doing. She comes from a State that has businesses that are exporters. Min-nesota has a lot of exporters, so she knows this is causing a big challenge. 
I know my colleague Senator 
H
EITKAMP , who is an original sponsor 
of this legislation, is speaking out on this issue as well. I think Senator M
CCASKILL may be joining us this 
morning. 
I don’t know if the American people 
know, but many of our colleagues know that the Export-Import Bank is tooled to help U.S. manufacturers ex-port products overseas by financing the deals—not really financing them so much as basically helping private banks finance them when the banks won’t take all the risk. The program works just like the SBA—the Small Business Administration—does to help small businesses with bank financing. This helps businesses that are trying to export their products overseas get fi-nancing where these developing coun-tries may not have banks to do that. So it has expired, which means it is cutting off economic opportunity here in the United States to grow jobs. 
When we think about it, with 90 per-
cent of consumers living outside of the United States, the biggest economic opportunity for our country is to sell those consumers products that the United States of America makes. But we have to have financing for devel-oping countries. 
There are 478 Ex-Im Bank guarantees 
and credit insurance policies worth $3.2 billion set to expire October 1. If we don’t quickly reauthorize the Export- Import Bank, that money will be lost. And those are programs that are al-ready underway. As this shows, there are 116 pending deals—deals we could do, deals we could get approved. That would be basically $9.3 billion in rev-enue to those companies, and obviously companies could grow their economic 
bottom line. 
In my visits with companies in the 
State of Washington, I have seen that a lot of businesses are looking at maybe 20 percent of their revenues coming from overseas markets, so having the Ex-Im Bank helps them reach new mar-ket opportunities. Every time I talk to them—what happens if this program goes away and you can’t get financing? Most of them will say: That 20 percent of our business will result in layoffs— those people who are associated with that business. 
So right now what we need to do is to 
help these businesses that are in their fourth quarter have the certainty and guarantee that we are going to com-pete on the playing field of what is called a global economy. If you are not interested in that, if you think we are just going to make U.S. products and sell them to U.S. people, I guess that could be your strategy. I think it is a wrongheaded strategy. 
So we are here today to talk about 
how this is impacting small businesses, big businesses, and what we need to do to get this reauthorized. 
Why are we here this morning? Be-
cause yesterday we heard news from a major manufacturer that basically talked specifically about what is going to happen. It is not that the Koch brothers are going to win or the Herit-age Foundation is going to win; it is that companies such as GE and others are going to ship their jobs overseas so they can get financing for the manu-factured products they make. So what happened? GE basically has said it has been forced to move 500 jobs from the U.S. to France, China, and Hungary. Why? Why are they moving jobs over-seas? Because they still have a credit agency. France has one and is willing to provide export financing as a major component of wind turbines that would otherwise have been built in the United States. Altogether, GE has $11 billion in contracts that require export credit agency support. So they are going to meet customer demand. 
I worked in business for 5 years. I 
know what it is like to build and ship a product to meet customer demand. They cannot sit around and wait for Congress to stop catering to special in-terests to get their customer applica-tions filled. They either do it or they lose business. And that is what is hap-pening today—the American economy is losing business because people here are playing politics with an important tool that helps U.S. manufacturers. 
GE isn’t the only one. Boeing is also 
facing job loss. On July 31, Boeing an-nounced that it had lost a contract for communications satellite ABS–8, which will provide service to millions of peo-ple in the Asia-Pacific region. We know this is important business, satellite communication. Think about the de-veloping world in places such as the Pacific islands, Indonesia, the Phil-ippines, New Zealand, Papua New Guin-ea. This company specifically cited Ex- Im’s lapse as the reason they did some-
thing else besides going with a U.S. manufacturer. These satellites will still be launched. There will be massive growth in the middle class of Asia that demands it, and they will continue to get a product. It just won’t be from a U.S. manufacturer. Why? Because we have chosen to let the Export-Import Bank fail. 
All in all, this Export-Import Bank is 
on track to support 58,000 fewer jobs in 2015—jobs that, if they were able to op-erate, they would be able to continue. So the fact is that Boeing and GE may be hurting, but they will come up with strategies that work well for them be-cause that is what you do when you are a big company—you figure out how to compete. But the small businesses in America that might be the job engine of growth for the future are not so eas-ily able to move their company or move overseas to get the financing. For example, since 2007 Export-Import Bank has supported more than 230 busi-ness exporters in the State of Wash-ington. Two thirds of those are small businesses. So these companies aren’t going to be able to all of a sudden stop what they are doing, go to France or go to another country, and start a manu-facturing facility just to get credit 
agency support. The damage that is being done to small businesses in America right now is acute, and we need to make sure we get this export agency reauthorized. 
An example of this: My colleague 
Senator M
ERKLEY and I visited Bob’s 
Red Mill. I think that about everybody in America, if they don’t know Bob’s Red Mill, knows they have bought a product from Bob’s Red Mill when they have gone and bought oatmeal or grains. It has grown their export rev-enue about 35 percent since they start-ed working with the Export-Import Bank in 2012. Think about that: Those consumers—90 percent outside of the United States—want to basically con-sume more products like Bob’s Red Mill, a great product. I personally think these are the kinds of things the United States ought to be focusing on. We are still number one in agriculture. We still should be focused on shipping agriculture products to developing markets around the world. This is one of the biggest and easiest opportuni-ties, feeding the world with a product like Bob’s Red Mill. But no, no, no. Bob’s Red Mill will lose business be-cause they will not have an export au-thority. I doubt that Bob at his age—a great man, a very vibrant guy at 80- some years old—is going to start a business somewhere else in Europe or in Africa just to export to that market and try to get the financing. 
Texas-based Air Tractor will lose up 
to 25 percent of their sales because the Export-Import Bank is stopping. Penn-sylvania-based Precision Custom Com-ponents, which manufactures parts for the nuclear industry, says it has over 100 jobs linked to their ability to serv-ice people with export-import financ-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.009 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6668 September 16, 2015 
This is a loss of real jobs. When peo-
ple talk about what we are dealing with in our fiscal crisis—the fact that people are talking about shutting down Government—to me, if you want to be a good fiscal steward, then reinstitute the Export-Import Bank. 
In 2014 alone, Export-Import Bank 
paid $675 million into our Treasury. That is deficit reduction. In fact, in the 
previous 5 years, it had generated somewhere around $5 billion in deficit reduction. Not only are we taking away a key tool, where are you going to plug the hole in our budget from the hundreds of millions of dollars this year—to say nothing of next year and the next year—that you don’t have from killing the Export-Import Bank? People need to realize, these people— small businesses, big organizations seeking financing—have to pay a fee. That fee generates revenue. That rev-enue is used to pay down the Federal deficit. Not only do we create jobs and not only do we reach market access, we actually have a government program that is helping us pay down the Federal deficit. 
Why would you not want to re-
institute that? The good news is that the Senate voted to do that. From what I hear, there are enough people in the House of Representatives. People have continued to hold this program hostage because people are anxious about the politics of the Heritage Foundation, the Koch brothers, or peo-ple sending out emails or challenging them when in reality you just need to stand up and speak for the fact that you want U.S. job creation, and you be-lieve that U.S. manufacturers making and building a product and selling it overseas is a winning economic strat-egy for the United States of America. It is. To boot, it pays down the deficit. We know that American businesses are obviously working hard to try to com-municate this. Everybody from the manufacturers association to indi-vidual workforce organizations is try-ing to express this. I know my col-league Senator H
EITKAMP has been 
working very hard on this on the bank-ing committee. 
With just a short period of time left 
before whatever this proposal is to shut down the government, which I cer-tainly don’t support, we have to say to our colleagues that you either have to get this on the highway bill—which it is as part of a package that we passed out of the Senate—and get either the package that was passed here in the Senate passed by the House or come up with another vehicle that gets this done, as my colleague from Minnesota just suggested, on the continuing reso-lution or some other bill so that we ac-tually know we are giving American businesses the opportunity to continue to compete. 
I hope we will get a long-term solu-
tion here. The fact that we have sent this message around the United States and the world—that there is no longer financing available—has really hurt our competitive opportunity at a time 
when America needs to embrace the fact that there is so much business in these developing middle-class markets around the globe. 
You can sit here and trade away our 
opportunity to compete by saying I don’t want U.S. job creation or deficit reduction. Instead, I want to ship jobs overseas. I don’t get the strategy. I don’t get what someone thinks is smart about allowing U.S. jobs to be shipped overseas just because they can’t get financing here. If the market were willing to take those risks with-out some of the security put forth here, obviously people would want to see that. But that is not happening be-cause if you are selling grain silos like we are to African nations, there is no bank there that is financing that deal. If you are selling product to Asian countries that are just developing, whether it is seafood or whether it is grain like Bob’s Red Mill, they are not always able to get financing. This is a way for the United States to win. All we have to do is embrace this and make sure that we pass the Export-Im-port Bank as soon as possible. 
I yield the floor. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, how 
much time is remaining in morning business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democrats have 9 minutes remaining. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want 
to thank my colleague from Wash-ington for taking the floor and sup-porting the reauthorization of the Ex-port-Import Bank. She has been dili-gent in coming to Congress and ex-plaining that this agency not only fa-cilitates exports from the United States, which creates jobs and helps businesses here, but it also generates a surplus for the Treasury. What is wrong with that picture? Why would the Republicans be so opposed to an agency that helps American businesses, large and small, export more goods and doesn’t cost the Federal Government any money? Why do they want to kill this agency? Why do they want to kill these jobs? I don’t understand it. 
We had a vote on the floor of the Sen-
ate a few weeks ago on the Transpor-tation bill to reauthorize the Export- Import Bank and it passed. We sent it over to the House of Representatives which, sadly, has become the graveyard for big issues, important issues when it comes to the future of America. I hope it changes. I hope they will listen to business leaders—that Republicans in the House will listen to business lead-ers and not just Boeing aircraft. Of course I am interested in that. It is headquartered in Chicago and is a major employer in the United States, but large and small companies alike feel the same. Export-Import Bank gives our companies in America the ability to finance export deals so they can compete with other countries. 
When we decide—or at least some in 
the Senate decide—to take the United States out of the export business, who is going to step in? Who will take over 
and create the jobs? Sadly, our com-petitors, China. They are not waiting around for their legislature, whatever it may be, to give permission for them to dramatically increase exports. They are on the road to do that. I support what the Senator from Washington said. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on the 
floor we are going to return in a few minutes to the debate on the Iran agreement. This agreement, of course, has been in the works for a long time. President Obama set out to create a set of sanctions, punishment against Iran to force them to come to the table and to negotiate with us and other nations so they would not develop a nuclear weapon. The President invested a lot of capital in it, and it worked. Congress imposed sanctions. The President im-posed sanctions. 
The day came when the negotiations 
started, and we weren’t sitting alone at the table. It is an amazing alliance of nations trying to stop Iran from devel-oping a nuclear weapon. It included China, Russia, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and the European Union. They all joined us in the sanc-tions, and many others too. But they joined us at the negotiating table, and they worked with us until we reached an agreement. That agreement didn’t rely on trusting the Iranians. No. It re-lied on inspectors, real inspectors from the United Nations who have a sterling reputation. It was those inspectors who warned us before we invaded Iraq that there were no weapons of mass destruc-tion. The Bush-Cheney administration paid no attention. We paid a heavy price for that dereliction of duty. 
Now these inspectors are in place— 
will be when this agreement moves for-ward. We can not only find out what is going on in Iran when it comes to nu-clear weapons, we can make sure we discourage them from ever violating this treaty or agreement. Should they violate it, automatically the sanctions will snap back. In fact, it takes only the vote of the United States in the Se-curity Council of the United Nations for all of the sanctions to come back on Iran if they break the treaty. Inspec-tors, snapback on sanctions, and I hope it results in what we want to see: No. 1, stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon, and No. 2, avoid the United States from going to war again in the Middle East. Those are our two goals. 
Those who oppose this agreement 
come to the floor and say: Stop it. Don’t do it. Walk away from it. It is nothing but bad. 
Every single Republican in the House 
and Senate—every single one of them— has come out against this agreement. Not one is supporting it. It shouldn’t surprise us. 
On March 9, 2015, 47 Republican Sen-
ators sent a letter to the Ayatollah Khamenei. Do you know what they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.010 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6669 September 16, 2015 
said? Don’t negotiate with the United 
States of America. Don’t negotiate with this President or other nations. Whatever you do is going to be subject to congressional review. There is no guarantee we will support it. Even if it is supported by Congress, there is no guarantee that any future President would enforce this agreement. 
You may even hear it tonight in the 
Republican Presidential candidate de-bate. Isn’t it interesting that this was the first time in the history of the United States, the very first time that a group of Senators intervened in a Presidential negotiation in national se-curity—the first time that has ever happened. And 47 Republican Senators, including every Member of the leader-ship, signed that letter. What would happen if 47 Democrats had sent a let-ter to Saddam Hussein prior to the in-vasion of Iraq saying: Don’t pay any at-tention to President Bush. What do you think the reaction of Vice Presi-dent Cheney would have been? He would have had us all up on charges— treason. That is exactly what happened here. There was a letter from 47 Repub-lican Senators saying: Don’t negotiate with the United States. The President ignored it. The negotiations continued. 
The agreement is before us. There 
was a key vote last week, a critical vote. Every single Member of the Sen-ate has publicly declared where they stand on this agreement. After some 8 weeks of deliberation and debate, the vote took place last week, but it wasn’t enough for Senator M
CCONNELL . He de-
manded that we replay the vote last night. We did, with the same result. 
I don’t know how many times he is 
going to bring this before us, but may I suggest to the Republican leader there are some items that he might consider moving to. We are 8 legisla-tive days away from shutting down the Government of the United States. Should we be discussing that? Most Americans would say so. Most Ameri-cans think it is embarrassing that the U.S. Government would shut down be-cause a willful group—a small minor-ity—is determined to get that done. Too many people suffer when that hap-pens. We have to do everything we can to keep this government open. 
Let’s get beyond this debate. We have 
already established what the vote is, and the Republicans didn’t come up with the 60 votes necessary to move forward. That is the story. They don’t like the ending, but that is the ending. Let’s move forward in a responsible way to do two things—first, to make sure that Iran lives up to this agree-ment and do everything in our power to enforce it, and second, get on with the business of government. Let’s fund this government. Let’s not become a nation that people look at and say: Who is in charge here if a Republican Congress would shut down a govern-ment for a second time, as they did a couple of years ago? Who is in charge? Let’s get into that issue and let’s do it in a responsible and a bipartisan way. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
rise to talk about something very im-portant to small businesses in Mis-souri. Ironically, tonight there is going to be a debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. I hear a lot of talk from my friends on the other side of the aisle about small businesses, but here we are today confronting the fail-ure and the job losses associated with our not embracing the Export-Import Bank. President Eisenhower, President Ford, President Reagan, President George Bush—both President George Bushes. 
This was not controversial, and it is 
really easy to understand why. The Ex-port-Import Bank has never been con-troversial. This is a credit agency. There are 60 other credit agencies around the world that support compa-nies in their countries—60 around the world. It is not a level playing field in the global economy if America decides to no longer support our manufac-turing economy and the small busi-nesses associated with that by remov-ing this important tool for exports. It is real jobs. This is not fairytale stuff, and this is not crony capitalism. This is an analysis of risks done by a credit agency and that credit agency, when it analyzes the risk, can keep track of it. We can figure out if in fact they are taking good risks or if in fact it is scratching somebody’s back by virtue of the fact that $7 billion has been put in our Treasury after the Bank has covered its expenses. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). All time for morning business 
has expired. 
Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak in morning business for a couple more minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. M
CCASKILL. In 2014 this credit 
agency that all the other countries in the world have access to put $674 mil-lion in the U.S. Treasury. 
Let me count off here. It creates jobs, 
supports manufacturing, and adds money into our Treasury. What is the problem? 
My staff and I have met with nearly 
100 companies in Missouri, and 90 per-cent of Ex-Im’s work directly supports small businesses. I will say that again: 90 percent supports small businesses. 
I will give a couple of examples. 
There is a small company in Joplin, MO. These kids started it in their ga-rage. They build skateboard parks. They now have a manufacturing facil-ity, and they are manufacturing skateboard parks which are exported around the world. They can’t go to their local community bank to help their customer in Indonesia. They need what other countries have—a credit 
agency that analyzes risk on a global basis. 
I toured a small Kansas City com-
pany now run by the third generation of the same family. They rely on Ex-Im Bank to help them manage their risk of extending credit in foreign markets. Sixty percent of their sales are exports. Do we want to shutter this company? Is that what we want to do? Do we want them to have to cut their em-ployee base by 60 percent because they can no longer export? 
There is a St. Louis company that 
makes cutting-edge play equipment for children and uses the insurance from Ex-Im Bank to work with customers in South America, Australia, and beyond. There is another small St. Louis manu-facturer that was founded as a family- owned company in 1951 that sells elec-trical components to Saudi Arabia, Brazil, and Thailand. They depend on Ex-Im Bank. 
What is going on in this place? How 
has this become controversial? This was never been controversial, and there is one representative that is in a key position in the House of Representa-tives that is shutting this whole thing down. The American people ought to be outraged. We can vote on Iran as many times as you guys want us to if it makes everybody feel better. I have no problem with that. It was a tough deci-sion for me. I made up my mind. But to be wasting time on political posturing when these jobs—and I have real exam-ples of contracts that aren’t going through now because Ex-Im is not there. 
I plead with my friends on the other 
side of the aisle: Make time in your busy schedule of scoring political points on the Iranian agreement to re-authorize Export-Import Bank. Jobs in my State depend on it. Yes, we have unemployment down to 5 percent in this country, but that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t still focus on jobs every day in the Senate. 
With that, I yield the floor and ask 
for the help of all my Republican col-leagues to help us get Ex-Im Bank across the finish line so small busi-nesses in this country do not suffer at the hands of global competition that figures out that this ought to be easy. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.J. Res. 61, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.011 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6670 September 16, 2015 
from being taken into account for purposes 
of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
McConnell amendment No. 2640, of a per-
fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2656 (to amend-
ment No. 2640), to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, reducing, pro-viding relief from, or otherwise limiting the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran. 
McConnell amendment No. 2657 (to amend-
ment No. 2656), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2658 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2640), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2659 (to amend-
ment No. 2658), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell motion to commit the joint res-
olution to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, with instructions, McConnell amend-ment No. 2660, to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, reducing, providing re-lief from, or otherwise limiting the applica-tion of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran. 
McConnell amendment No. 2661 (to (the in-
structions) amendment No. 2660), of a per-fecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2662 (to amend-
ment No. 2661), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. 
The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about the agreement before us. I find in this line of work that repetition is sometimes useful. I know my friend from Illinois men-tioned how we ought to be focused on something else, but I think all of us understand that there is an assumed deadline on this topic, which is set for tomorrow. 
I say to my friends on both sides of 
the aisle that the likelihood is that after tomorrow we will move on to the other types of business that we need to deal with. But this is not, as my friend from Missouri mentioned, an issue of political points. The issue with Iran is one of the most significant, if not the most significant, foreign policy issue that we will likely deal with while we are here in the Senate. I think it is im-portant, while this is before us, to spend as much time as possible talking about this issue, focusing on this issue, debating this issue, and making sure that everyone understands what the contents of this Iranian deal are. 
I will walk through it, if I could for 
a few moments, and lay out why we are where we are today. 
I know the Presiding Officer is new 
here and brings a wealth of national se-curity experience from previous posts that he had with the State Department prior to serving here. But what brought us here really was this body acting al-most in a unanimous way to put sanc-tions in place four times since 2010. We worked with the House of Representa-tives to put sanctions in place because we knew that Iran was doing things, such as nuclear development, that were 
going to be damaging to the world. So we sanctioned and punished them. We put crippling sanctions on their econ-omy, and we did that collectively. 
This is something that very few peo-
ple on either side of the aisle objected to. We acted in unison. It was the crip-pling sanctions that we put together that really brought Iran to the table. Let’s face it. Their economy and stand-ard of living were causing people in Iran to become restless, and so finally Iran said: OK, it is time to talk. 
When these talks began, our Presi-
dent stated that what we would do in these talks was to end Iran’s nuclear program. And just for what it is worth, I think people on both sides of the aisle celebrated that goal—ending Iran’s nu-clear program. 
I might remind people who may be 
just tuning into this that Iran has 19,000 centrifuges right now, and 10,000 of those are operating. They built un-derground bunkers at a place called Fordow. It is hard to get to it. It is hard to take those out with munitions, if you will. They built a plutonium fa-cility called Arak. 
By the way, much of this was done in 
a clandestine way. All of it was done violating U.N. Security Council resolu-tions. 
I will say everyone here understands 
fully that Iran has zero practical need for any of this. Iran has one nuclear fa-cility. Everyone knows that it would be so much cheaper for them to just purchase enriched uranium to fuel that one facility. But they say: No, we want to be leaders in medical isotopes. For what it is worth, if Iran really wanted to develop the expertise around med-ical isotopes, they would have 500 cen-trifuges. So we all know that the pur-pose of this program has not been for civilian purposes. It has been to cause them to be a threshold nuclear coun-try. We know that. Everyone knows that. They know that, we know that, and every country involved in the dis-cussions with Iran knows that. 
First of all, we know what their goals 
are. So when the President says that in these negotiations what we are going to do is end Iran’s nuclear program, I think most people in this body would celebrate that. So he began the discus-sions, and as he started moving along, it became very apparent to those of us paying attention that what he planned to do was to enter into what is called an executive agreement. 
Now, for people who don’t do what we 
do on a daily basis, there are three ways that the President can enter into an international agreement. One way is through a treaty that requires a two- thirds approval by this body. A treaty is interesting because it binds future Presidents, and it binds future Con-gresses. But the President decided that was not the route he was going to take. 
There is a second route he could have 
taken, and that is called a congres-sional-executive Agreement. While it is not as strong as a treaty, it does create a law that is binding on future Presi-
dents and future Congresses. The Presi-dent decided he was not going to go that route. 
The President decided that he was 
going to do this unilaterally, through what is called an Executive agreement. As we know, an Executive agreement is something the President can do, if he chooses, on his own. The problem with it is that it doesn’t survive his Presi-dency. Another President can do some-thing very different. 
In this case, however, as everybody 
has analyzed this deal, everyone under-stands that we lose all of our leverage over the next 9 months and give it away. When people in this body began to realize that we brought Iran to the table—or at least played a heavy role in bringing them to the table—and that the President was going to use what is called a national security waiver to waive away all the congressional sanc-tions so that he could enter into this Executive agreement without ever talking to us, we achieved something else that was very important. As a matter of fact, this is the first time this has happened since I have been in the Senate, and there are a lot of mis-understandings about it. For the first time in Congress since I have been in the Senate—on a strongly bipartisan basis—we took power back from the President. We said: Mr. President, we know that you can enter into Execu-tive agreements, but in this particular case, since we put the sanctions in place that brought them to the table— by the way, over your objections—we want a chance to go through this agreement in detail, and we want the right to either approve or disapprove. But you have to present us with this, and it has to sit before us for 60 days, which it will have done as of tomorrow, and we want the right to weigh in as to whether we believe the substance of this deal is good for our Nation. 
We had 98 Senators in this body vote 
for this. One of the Senators who was absent supported it, and that makes it 99. It is pretty remarkable that on a bi-partisan basis 99 Senators said: No, we want this to lie before us because we believe this is one of the biggest for-eign policy issues we are going to deal with, we believe that this is a vote of conscience, and we believe that every Senator and every House Member— which is unusual with these kind of agreements—should weigh in and be able to voice their opinion. 
So we have gone through the deal, 
and what is fascinating about it is—I hate to be pejorative, but we had al-most unanimity on putting sanctions in place to bring them to the table. We had almost unanimity on the fact that we should be able to weigh in. It is my strong belief that in lieu of the Presi-dent achieving the deal that he did or the goals that he stated to end Iran’s nuclear program, obviously, we have done anything but that. 
So what has happened is we have to-
tally squandered an opportunity to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Sep 16, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.013 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6671 September 16, 2015 
unite this Nation, and others, around 
ending their program. Instead, our Na-tion, with other ‘‘great nations’’ have agreed to allow Iran not only to not end their program but to industrialize it. We have agreed to let them develop intercontinental ballistic missiles so they can deliver a nuclear weapon. We agreed to let them do research and de-velopment. 
Right now they are using the old IR– 
1 centrifuges, which are like antiques, but we are going to allow them to do research and development on the IR–2s, IR–4s, IR–6s, and IR–8s, which we know are multiple times faster. We have lift-ed the conventional weapons embargo and the ballistic weapons embargo, for some reason, just throwing it in for good measure. We are allowing them, for the first time, to begin testing. 
So what has happened is now in this 
body, there is some tepid support—I see my friend from Michigan, I have other friends, and I haven’t heard anybody come out and say this is a great agree-ment. What they are saying—not nec-essarily the Senator from Michigan but others—is, well, we are where we are. We are where we are. 
This is not a very good agreement. It 
is flawed. Even though Congress, 200 times, has sent international agree-ments back to the executive branch— 200 times—in this case: We are where we are. And our friends in Russia—by the way, has anybody seen what our friends in Russia are doing in Syria right now? Yes, they are really good friends. Has anybody seen what China is doing right now in the South China Sea? They are building their third air-strip, claiming territory that for thou-sands of years has belonged to other countries from the standpoint of terri-torial waters. People are saying—our friends and allies—what will we do about our friends and allies? 
So here is where we are. I could go on 
and on. I just cannot believe that our great Nation, with ‘‘our friends’’ from Great Britain, Germany, and France and ‘‘our friends’’ from China and Rus-sia, squandered—squandered—an oppor-tunity, had a rogue nation with a boot on its neck—a boot on its neck—we squandered the opportunity. Now, with our approval, they can industrialize their program. As a matter of fact, they don’t have to violate the terms of this deal. They can just honor the terms of this deal. Their economy will flourish. By the way, it is hard for me to believe this, but I think most people understand that we are giving them back $100 billion. We are going to do that over the next 9 months. We are lifting the major sanctions that have crippled them. We are doing that with-out us even asking them to do much. From that point on, by the way, the le-verage shifts from us to them. 
We are very concerned about what 
they are doing in Syria. By the way, they have doubled down on that since the agreement was reached with the nuclear file. We are very concerned about what they are doing with Hezbollah in Lebanon. We are very con-
cerned about what they are doing with Hamas, allowing rockets to be fired into Israel. We are very concerned about what they are doing in Lebanon with the Houthis. We are very con-cerned about what they are doing in Bahrain with thousands of men and women in uniform trying to keep the strait open. We are very concerned about that, but in 9 months, if we ex-press our concerns, what are they going to do? They are going to say: We have all of our money, you have lifted all the sanctions, and if you press back against us for terrorism or human rights or violations in this agreement that are minor, we are just going to 
start a nuclear program again. So it is kind of unbelievable that we have ended up in this place. 
What is happening on the floor now, 
just to explain to the American people, we have a process in the Senate which says that at the end of debate—by the way, we have had a lot of debate on this. We have had 12 hearings in the Foreign Relations Committee alone. The Presiding Officer serves on the Committee on Armed Services and they have had hearings. The Intel-ligence Committee has had hearings. We have had hearings as a body. We have had personal meetings. As a mat-ter of fact, I would say this body knows more about this international agree-ment than any international agree-ment in modern times. As a matter of fact, thanks to us pushing back against this administration, the American peo-ple know more about this agreement than any agreement in modern times. It is amazing. Thank goodness we passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act; otherwise, none of this would be known—none of this. 
So where we are today is we all said 
this was one of the biggest foreign pol-icy issues to come before us; we want the American people to know where we stand on the substance of the deal. So for people tuning in, here is the way the Senate works. 
When a vote comes before us—and 
right now, since there is a strong bipar-tisan majority of people who oppose this deal—as a matter of fact, the two most knowledgeable Democrats on for-eign policy issues, the ranking member and the former chairman and ranking member, who know more about foreign policy than any Democrat in this body—both oppose this deal. So on a strong bipartisan majority, we have a group of people who think we can do better. Just like the 200-plus times we have sent agreements back to say do better, we are saying we think we can do better. 
So here is what is happening. When a 
bill comes or a vote comes before the Senate, we have these rules, and there is a rule that says there is a cloture vote. What cloture means is that peo-ple say: OK. We have heard enough about this. We believe it is time to take a vote. 
I just heard the Senator from Illinois 
say we have been talking about this way too long. It is time to move be-
yond it. He left out a minor detail; that is, it takes 60 Members of the Senate to say we have heard enough about it. It is time to vote. But what is happening is that we have 42 Members of one party who are in the minority—42 Sen-ators who are saying: No, we are not going to allow this to move to a final vote. We are not going to do it. 
We know it is not about debate. We 
know—as a matter of fact, the second highest officer on the Democratic side says we need to move on to other busi-ness. It is time to move on to other business, and what we need to do is in-voke cloture and let’s vote. But let me tell my colleagues what is really hap-
pening here. It has sort of taken on—I have said this several times—it has taken on kind of a Tammy Wynette kind of flavor: Let’s stand by our man. Let’s stand by our man. We don’t want the President to have to deal with a resolution of disapproval; we want to protect him from that. We don’t want to embarrass him, that there is a bipar-tisan—by the way, the smartest, most well-versed, deeply informed on policy Member on his side of the aisle is agreeing with the vast majority of the Senate—58 Senators—saying this is not good for our Nation because this does not end the program. By the way, if this ended the program, do we know what would be happening? We would have 100 Senators saying: Let’s vote to approve this. This is outstanding. The President achieved his stated goal. But since that isn’t the case, what we want to do is send a resolution of dis-approval to the President. But we have 42 Senators on the one hand saying let’s move on and let’s deal with fund-ing government but on the other hand are not agreeing to a final vote. 
So we have one more chance. I just 
want to say this. We have a lot of par-tisanship that happens here. Let’s face it, we do. I get it. It happens. I am going to have to say in this case, the majority leader has allowed me to work with my friends on the other side of the aisle. He has allowed me to move this through in an appropriate way. At every juncture—when my friends on the other side of the aisle felt as though something was occurring that was adding unnecessary temper or maybe something was getting out of line and we needed to alter our course of action—at every juncture, the ma-jority leader said: Senator C
ORKER , if 
you think this is the best way of mov-ing ahead to keep the bipartisanship that I have had with Senator C
ARDIN  
and Senator M ENENDEZ and so many 
others, have at it. 
I just want to remind people that as 
we entered this debate—as we know, there are all kinds of inflammatory amendments that could be added to this debate—the leader filled the tree. Now, for people out in the listening au-dience, fill the tree, what does that mean. What he did was he kept any in-flammatory amendments from being offered. The only thing that is before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.014 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6672 September 16, 2015 
us—I know he has filed an amendment 
now. After two times, the minority will not let us move to a final vote. I know there is going to be one that is tough— I don’t know if it is that tough or not— to vote on this Thursday, but the fact is that the purpose has been for us to move to a final vote. Forty-two Sen-ators will not allow us to have that vote of conscience. I want to say again to those listening in, the process vote of any debate is not a vote of con-science. That is not a vote of con-science. The vote of conscience is, when we take the final vote, do we be-lieve that this Iran deal—the Presi-dent’s Iran deal—is something that is 
good for our country, will create sta-bility in the region, and certainly will keep them from getting a nuclear weapon. Fifty-eight of us don’t think so. Actually, I have to believe, from lis-tening to the comments of many of my friends when they talk about how flawed it is, I think there is actually a whole lot of concern, even though sometimes—and I understand when you have a President of your own party, sometimes it is hard to go against the President. I get that. I understand the pressures that come to play when that happens. 
But where we are, I say to the Amer-
ican people and to my fellow Senators, is we want to move to a final vote, an up-or-down vote, which, by the way, by the rules of the Senate, is a majority vote. We want to move to that. We have 42 Senators who are keeping us from that. What I hope is going to hap-pen over the course of the next 24 hours is that a couple Senators, a few, will say: Look, we did vote 98 to 1 to reg-ister our feelings about the substance of this most important agreement. We did. We really did do that. Maybe it is appropriate that we, on behalf of the American people, not get stuck on this procedural issue, this cloture vote. We have debated this plenty, so let’s go ahead and move to a final vote. That is what I hope is going to happen. 
I am thankful, though—I do want to 
say one more time—I thank people on both sides of the aisle for having the gumption to buck the administration and to put in place four tranches of sanctions to get them to the table. I thank both sides of the aisle—by the way, led by Senators M
ENENDEZ and 
KIRK, led by the two of them, one Dem-
ocrat and one Republican—we did that together. I thank people on both sides of the aisle for putting us in the posi-tion to actually have the documents, to know what this deal is about, to have this debate, to be able to weigh in. 
I want to say one more time that had 
the President done what he said he would do—and that is negotiate to end the program—we would have 100 people supporting it, but he didn’t. We all know that. Everyone knows that is not what has happened. We have agreed to industrialize their program, let them do research and development, let them create delivery mechanisms to make sure they can send these nuclear war-
heads they are going to be on the verge of developing a long way across the oceans to places such as America and other places. I don’t know why we did that, but we did. 
So now we just want a chance to vote 
yes or no. Do we believe this is an agreement that will stand the test of time? Is it something that is good for our country? Do we believe this is something that if Iran wishes to, will keep them from developing a nuclear weapon? 
I look forward to the comments of 
my friend from Michigan, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, first 
of all, let me agree with the distin-guished chairman of the Foreign Rela-tions Committee that, in fact, we did come together on strong sanctions against Iran that has brought us to this situation on a bipartisan basis. We did come together on the process that would create legislatively a way for us to make a decision. That was done on a bipartisan basis. What I regret is, at this point, even though we are fol-lowing through on the legislative proc-ess we adopted, it now has become so partisan. That is not good for America, it is not good for Israel, and it is not good for, frankly, the world to see this happen. 
So while agreeing on part of what the 
distinguished chairman said, I have to disagree on many things, although I am not going to take my time to go into them now. But certainly the proc-ess we are using is no different than any other major bill—health care re-form, financial services reform—and it was set up in what we passed. So we can try to make it into some partisan issue now. The reality is we have all thoughtfully taken a position. We have voted. Everyone knows everyone’s posi-tion. So now we are just in the process right now, unfortunately, I believe, of politics, which does not help us move forward for our country or for our al-lies. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2656 
Mr. President, I wish to speak to an 
issue I am deeply concerned about, which is the next vote we are going to have on Thursday, and speak to a very important young man who is an Amer-ican hero and who is caught in the poli-tics of what is happening right now. 
Amir Hekmati from Flint, MI, is an 
American hero. He served his country as a marine between 2001 and 2005 in Iraq and Afghanistan. He served with valor. He served with honor. He was awarded the Combat Action Ribbon and the Good Conduct Medal. But this morning, Amir woke up in an Iranian prison. He has been in that prison for 4 years and 19 days. During that time, Amir has been tortured. The prison is notorious for its deplorable conditions. While he has been there, his father, in Flint, MI, has been battling terminal brain cancer. The Iranian Government is playing 
politics with Amir Hekmati’s life. Un-fortunately, though, now, today, the Senate Republican leader is also play-ing politics with Amir’s life. The im-prisonment of this veteran, this Amer-ican hero, is being used by the Senate majority leader in a transparent effort to score some cheap political points, in 
my judgment, and it is appalling. No American should ever be used in this way—none of us. This is a young man whose parents are desperately worried about his safety, who have been waking up every day for the last 1,479 days hop-ing this would be the day they would learn their son Amir would be freed. How does it show respect to Amir’s mom and dad to use their son’s plight and possibly even threaten the negotia-tions that are going on now in order to make a partisan political point and jeopardize his release? 
We have had a rigorous debate on the 
international Iran agreement, and I know from talking to colleagues and being in many meetings that those on our side have been very thoughtful and thorough—and certainly the chairman has as well—in coming to our positions in a highly charged, difficult, and very complicated situation. I spent many weeks in classified briefings, meetings with nuclear experts, meetings with the Ambassadors, and personally call-ing each of those involved in the nego-tiations in the P5+1 countries, meeting with constituents in Michigan who feel very passionately about this issue on both sides, and I have made my deci-sion—the decision I believe is best for America, for Israel, and for our allies. I did not make my decision on the day the agreement was announced, before I had ever read it, or even before it was announced—regrettably, as many Re-publican colleagues in the House and Senate did. 
We have had a vote in the Senate. We 
have now had two votes on this issue. Today or tomorrow we will have a third vote, not because the majority leader is expecting a different result— we have all taken our positions—but because he wants to score political points and bring in as part of that vote four American hostages and what is happening to them. Those political points will be scored at the expense of Amir Hekmati from Flint, MI, who has served his country honorably. 
Mr. President, I have gotten to know 
the Hekmati family, and I know how much their son’s freedom means to them. Any of us who have children can understand what they are going through. I have personally talked with the President and other officials at the highest levels of our government who are working tirelessly to secure Amir Hekmati’s release and return him to his loving family, along with the other Americans held hostage. 
This is a diplomatic mission. It is a 
humanitarian mission. Yet the major-ity leader is on a political mission that is not going to help. He wants to inter-fere with and disrupt the international 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.015 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6673 September 16, 2015 
nuclear agreement with Iran. I under-
stand that. I understand his and others’ position. But they are willing to use Amir and other American hostages in the process, and that is wrong. This po-litical stunt by the majority leader does not help bring Amir home. It doesn’t help bring the other three Americans home. It just adds more pol-itics to the situation. 
What is very disturbing to me, after 
always having bipartisan support—one of the things I could always say to my constituents was that when it comes to the issues around Israel and the Middle East, we have always been together on a bipartisan basis—until now and what has happened over the last few months. 
Unfortunately, what is happening on 
this debate and the vote we will have tomorrow—bringing the American hos-tages into this debate on Iran is not the first time we are seeing partisan politics interjected into this debate. I still will never forget the 47 Republican Senators who wrote a letter to the Su-preme Leader in Iran—our enemy, the Ayatollah—to tell him not to pay any attention to the President of the United States. 
I have to say that if it were reversed 
and if there were 47 Democrats, every-thing would have halted in this Cham-ber. There would have been impeach-ment hearings. We would have been called traitors. It would have gone on and on. It is shocking to me. If this had happened—when we were debating going into Iraq, if we had written a let-ter to Saddam Hussein saying ‘‘Don’t listen to the President of the United States’’ or anybody else, for that mat-ter, any other President, that would have been a national crisis and there would have been outrage. Yet, some-how, 47 Republican Senators can write to the Ayatollah in the middle of an international negotiation that was dif-ficult at best, when we know that Iran is within 3 months of having a nuclear weapon right now, by the way, that we should all be concerned about. I know we are, except some of us act as if we can go back to renegotiate something, which will take years, when they are going to have enough materials within 3 months. 
In the middle of all that, almost half 
of this Chamber writes to the people who are funding terrorism and who are our opponents and enemies in terms of the Ayatollah, saying: Hey, by the way, the President of the United States— don’t listen to him. Don’t listen to him. 
Interestingly, Senator C
OTTON said in 
that letter that of course it will take 60 votes to pass anything in the Senate— which, of course, it does and which, of course, we are debating now. And folks are acting as though it doesn’t. But the Ayatollah was sent a letter that said it would take 60 votes, so whoever wrote him might want to check in with him. 
So here we are now. We have seen the 
ultimate politics of Members in this body writing to our enemies and say-ing: Don’t listen to the President of the United States. And now we are in a sit-
uation, after voting twice on a serious, difficult, emotional, controversial issue where there are serious, thought-ful people on both sides—because the vote is not going the way the majority wants, now they bring in the four hos-tages and Amir. 
There is a tradition in our country 
when it comes to issues of national se-curity and the lives of men and women who serve in America. This quote was coined by a former Michigan Senator, Arthur Vandenberg: ‘‘Politics stops at the water’s edge.’’ 
This picture we are very proud of. It 
is right outside here in the Reception Room. Very few U.S. Senators have their portraits painted on the wall in the Reception Room, and I am very proud one of those is a former Repub-lican Senator from west Michigan, Sen-ator Arthur Vandenberg. He was a great nemesis of President FDR. He hated the New Deal. He went after President Roosevelt at every turn on his domestic agenda. But as chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, when we were being attacked at Pearl Harbor and World War II was hap-pening, he stepped up and said, ‘‘Poli-tics stops at the water’s edge.’’ 
For over 70 years, that was the way 
the United States of America acted. That is the way the Senate operated. We have lost that, and I am deeply con-cerned—not as a Democrat but as an American—about where we find our-selves today on matters of such seri-ousness, international threats to our country. We can debate them. We can have differences. If someone loses the vote, it becomes time to come back to-gether and find a way to move forward to keep America strong. There are many opportunities for us to do that, many opportunities on this agreement to make it stronger, to focus on the nonnuclear sanctions and other things that we need to do together against Iran, to focus on bringing our heroic Americans home. But this is not the way to do it. This is not the way to do it. 
So I stand today to object to what I 
view as a political stunt, and the vote tomorrow is deeply concerning to me and to people in Michigan who want to bring Amir Hekmati home. This is not politics; this is somebody’s life. It is about the future national defense of our country and our allies and the world. 
The vote is the vote. We have taken 
our positions. It is time to come back together as Americans. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Thank you very much, 
Mr. President. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Michigan for pointing something out today that I haven’t heard before, which is that this vote we are going to have tomorrow, which is a revote on the Iran nuclear agreement, adding a couple of pieces regarding hostages and sanctions regarding Israel, is actually 
a dangerous vote, and I agree with her completely that it is a political vote. 
If you ask the people on the street 
what they think of Congress, we just are not thought of very well because the people see through this. They see through the politics of this. 
You know, we have already voted on 
this agreement. My friend Senator C
ORKER , my chairman—I serve on that 
committee. I am very proud to serve with him. He says: Well, all we want is a vote on the agreement. We gave them a vote. We wanted an up-or-down vote on the agreement. Senator R
EIDasked 
for that twice, for a 60-vote threshold. Oh, no. Suddenly, even though Senator M
CCONNELL has said over the years 
that every single important vote is a 60-vote threshold, suddenly—this is an important vote. How well I remember a vote cast here on climate change legis-lation where we got—counting the peo-ple who weren’t here who said they were for it—56 votes. We fell four votes short. Wouldn’t it have been nice if I had gone to the floor and said: This is outrageous. This is outrageous. Let’s have a 51-vote threshold. 
Well, we knew we needed 60. We 
didn’t play games. We didn’t play games with it. That is what we have here. We are playing games with an agreement which already has been voted on, and we had enough people voting in favor of the agreement, if I can say, to derail the Republican plan. 
Now derailing this agreement, in my 
view, means war. And I see my friend on the floor here from Arkansas, and he was the one person who said it. Let’s just essentially, he said, bomb this thing away. Well, he is honest about it. Other people say: Oh, just go back and get another agreement. That is code word for ‘‘no agreement.’’ That is code word for ‘‘war.’’ 
We have spoken out on this very 
clearly, and it isn’t as if we don’t have other issues we need to deal with. The fact is, enough Senators said they sup-port the agreement to derail the effort to stop it. Grow up, accept the fact, and move on. Use it in your campaigns just as we will use it in our campaigns. 
I do not think the people in this 
country want another war in the Mid-dle East, and I feel very strongly that this is a conscience vote. So bring it up 10 times. I am not going to change my vote, especially when I see playing pol-itics has become the way my Repub-lican friends are dealing with this most sober issue. 
As you look on the horizon, we know 
there are a couple of real problems fac-ing us. The budget runs out in 14 days. Are we going to have a government shutdown because some people don’t think women should have the right to choose? Are we? I don’t know, but we have 14 days to deal with it. Why aren’t we dealing with it? We voted on the 
Iran agreement. It is not going to change. It is just politics as usual. Peo-ple are sick of it. 
Mr. President, let’s take a look at 
the Republican budget. The proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.017 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6674 September 16, 2015 
Senate Republican budget would cut 
over one-half billion dollars from the Environmental Protection Agency’s budget. I just came from a hearing—a very important and good hearing— where we looked at a horrible tragedy that happened in Colorado. EPA went in there, at the request of the State, to check whether this old mine that hadn’t been cleaned up in generations caused a risk of a blowout. And when they started to do their testing, there was a blowout. EPA was devastated with that. 
What our committee looked at is how 
are we going to move forward. Well, we are not going to move forward, I say to my friends, when we cut one-half bil-lion dollars out of the EPA budget that could be used to clean up these mines. When there is a devastating blowout, horrible chemicals, such as cyanide and lead, get into drinking water supplies and it destroys communities. Why would we want to have a budget that cuts so much from the Environmental Protection Agency that 80 percent of the people support? It is so popular. Congress is so unpopular; the EPA is popular. People want a clean environ-ment. 
In all my years in office, no one has 
come up to me and said: The air is too clean. The water is too clean. They say the opposite. They say: You know what. My kid has asthma, clean up the air or they say: I am worried that I can’t drink the water. I have to purify it. 
So instead of revoting on something 
we already voted on—and every Mem-ber, it is not like anyone was hiding. We all came out. We were either for the agreement or against it. I have to say my colleagues were wonderful in ex-plaining their positions, and I was proud, but I am not proud to see us now go right back to the same thing. 
When we have all of these problems 
facing us, the Republican budget cuts $400 million from community health centers, preventing 620 new clinics from opening and keeping 2.6 million Americans from getting preventive and lifesaving care—that is right, 400 mil-lion from community health centers. 
How about the HOME Program, the 
Nation’s primary affordable housing program? It would be practically elimi-nated with a 93-percent cut. This means a loss in production of about 40,000 affordable housing units across the country. 
The Centers for Disease Control, we 
know how important they are when we have an epidemic looming. It would be slashed by the Republican budget by $245 million, hurting our efforts to pro-tect communities from diseases such as Ebola and the measles. We all thought the measles were gone. It came back in California and thank God for the CDC for helping us when we needed them. 
Then there is the Export-Import 
Bank. We extended its life and at-tached it to the Transportation bill, which is great, but the Export-Import Bank expired 78 days ago. And the Transportation bill that I worked so 
closely on with Leader M
CCONNELL , 
Senator I NHOFE , Senator D URBIN , and 
others—it is stuck in the House of Rep-resentatives. I don’t know what to think about what they are doing over there, but they need to get going and get that Transportation bill into con-ference so we can do this. This is a bi-partisan bill. But instead of pushing and working on that, we are revoting on an issue we already voted on. 
The Ex-Im Bank has real con-
sequences. GE, General Electric, an-nounced it will shift 500 jobs overseas because of the Bank’s closure. So any-one who tells you it doesn’t have an impact, they are wrong; it does have an impact. Five-hundred families are suf-fering because the Ex-Im Bank—which we did the right thing in the Senate— is stuck in the Transportation bill in the House. They have yet to mark their bill, and I hope they will. 
Then we have the debt ceiling, some-
thing Ronald Reagan warned us about over and over again: Don’t play politics with the debt ceiling. I remind every-body, when Bill Clinton was President, we balanced the budget. I was here. That shows you how long I have been around. I didn’t have these gray hairs then. 
So in those years we balanced the 
budget, created a surplus. And then what happened after Bill Clinton? Im-mediately, we had this humongous tax cut for the rich, and we had huge defi-cits under Republican President George W. Bush. Thank God, President Obama has cut that deficit in half, but we still have a debt. That is because two wars were put on the credit card and there were these tax cuts to the rich, which caused huge deficits, so the debt kept climbing up. Now we have to raise the debt ceiling to accommodate the past spending of this Congress. 
President Reagan was right: Don’t 
play politics with the debt—even thinking you will hurts our economy. The last time we played these games it cost us a fortune, and it caused huge uncertainty in the markets. 
So we have the budget crisis, we have 
a Republican budget with huge cuts to programs we need, such as the Centers for Disease Control; we have a trans-portation bill, the authority for which runs out in October. We have all of these things. Yet what are we doing today? We are voting again on Iran. No one, in my view, is going to change their mind. 
I was thinking maybe some of my Re-
publican friends might come over to our side in favor of the agreement since Colin Powell is for the agreement, Richard Lugar is for the agreement, John Warner is for the agreement, and Brent Scowcroft is for the agreement— these are all leading Republican voices—and others, many others. I don’t see that happening. 
For those people who say it has been 
partisan, it has been partisan. Several Democrats joined Republicans against the agreement. Not one Republican— not one—despite all the leadership on 
their side outside the Senate—joined us, so the partisanship has been coming from the other side of the aisle. We are voting again on Iran, so maybe I thought next week we could take up some of these serious issues that I just outlined, these pressing, pressing issues: the budget, the debt ceiling, the Ex-Im Bank, all these incredibly im-portant issues that we are facing. But, no, next week the majority leader has decided to take up abortion—abortion. 
What we are going to be faced with is 
a bill that says to a woman: You can-not have an abortion after a certain pe-riod of time. It is a ban—no exception for the health of the women. I wish to talk a little bit about that today. 
The bill, as it is coming forward, is 
extreme. It is a direct attack on women, on doctors, and on the law of the land called Roe v. Wade. It is un-constitutional because it offers no health exception. It bans abortion at a certain point in pregnancy, with no ex-ception, no health exception: no help for a woman facing cancer, no help for a woman facing kidney failure, no help for a woman facing blood clots or other tragic complications during their preg-nancy. This is a war on women, and that is what they are going to do. They are not going to the debt ceiling, they are not going to the budget, which must be fixed, and they are not going to Ex-Im, even though jobs are leaving the country. 
This bill they are taking up next 
week will revictimize survivors of rape and incest by assuming they are lying, forcing women to go through multiple medical visits to prove they have been victimized. It would throw doctors in jail for up to 5 years for helping a woman after a certain point in her pregnancy, when that doctor knows she risks paralysis, infertility, a woman who has cancer whose life would actu-ally be in danger if that pregnancy is continued. 
But don’t take it from me, take it 
from the women who have had to have these abortions, women who des-perately wanted a child, such as Thais from California, who learned at the 20- week ultrasound there were multiple tragedies facing her baby’s heart and lungs. The baby had no diaphragm, which means her baby would have suf-focated to death once outside the womb. You would force that woman to go through a pregnancy, not to men-tion the impact on the baby. 
Then there is Emily from South 
Carolina, a 26-year-old mother of two girls. During her third pregnancy, she suddenly had extreme health symp-toms, including blurred vision and in-tense abdominal pain. After testing, she was diagnosed with preeclampsia, which posed a serious threat to her health. Under this bill, she could not have been spared the risks to her health. 
So when we say there is a war on 
women, we mean it. We are not just saying words. Frankly, I am confused 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.019 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6675 September 16, 2015 
with everything else facing us. We had 
such a bipartisan breakthrough on the Transportation bill. I was so proud to work with the majority leader, so proud of the product that came out of that. I was proud to work with the Democrats and Republicans on the En-vironment and Public Works Com-mittee—every one of whom was in-
volved and supported the deal that went through. As a matter of fact, we had a majority of both caucuses. Why can’t we build on that bipartisanship? Why do we have to go back to the usual corners? It is sad and unnecessary. 
But, you know what, we are going to 
be voting on Iran, so I am going to tell you why I am backing the deal. If you have to go through it again, I am going to go through it again. 
The key points of this agreement: 
No. 1, it cuts off the uranium pathway to a bomb; No. 2, it cuts off the pluto-nium pathway to a bomb; and, No. 3, it uses the most intrusive inspections re-gime ever negotiated. When people say: Oh, but they have 24 days to stall if somebody wants to look at their pro-gram, let’s be clear, not one party in the world who is a party to a nuclear agreement has any deadline, even the United States. If there is a suspicion of a program being hidden, you can stall it off—but not this one. You have to let them in, in 24 days, or they are in breach. There is a mechanism to re-quire Iran to provide the IAEA with ac-cess to those suspicious sites—that 24 day-limit that is not present in any other agreement. It requires the Ira-nians to disclose their past nuclear ac-tivities before they receive a penny of sanctions relief, and the United States and our allies have the ability to snap back multilateral sanctions. 
The bill that is going to come before 
us for another vote talks about how we cannot lift sanctions in this deal until certain conditions are met. But it ig-nores the fact that there is a whole other set of sanctions that are in place for Iran’s terrorist activities, and those sanctions are not touched. Don’t conflate the two and confuse people. There are sanctions for their non-nuclear activities, which include their horrific support of terrorism; and then there are sanctions for their nuclear activities, which we will be lifting if they agree and carry out the terms of this agreement, particularly since they will not have one penny lifted until they disclose every bit of their past ac-tivities. 
So let us see what else I can share 
with my colleagues as to why I support this deal. I have to say, at a time when Congress is not trusted and has the worst approval rating—I am so embar-rassed by that—I have come to the point where I look at third parties to make my case. So, 29 of our Nation’s top nuclear scientists, including 6 Nobel laureates, say this is a good deal; 60 bipartisan national security leaders say this is a good deal; over 100 former U.S. ambassadors say this is a good deal; three dozen retired U.S. generals and admirals say this is a good deal; 
340 U.S. rabbis say this is a good deal; and 53 Christian leaders and the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops—and we are going to be seeing the Pope here next week—say this is a good deal. 
So the religious leadership on the 
side of this deal, for the most part, is overwhelming because our religious people who lead us here want peace in the world. They do not want to see an escalation of war. We see what war brings. We lost, in the Iraq war, more than 4,000 of our people. 
I ask unanimous consent for 1 more 
minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). Is there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, this is 
what our allies are saying: 
If the U.S. were to walk away from this 
deal, international unity would disintegrate, the hardliners in Iran would be strengthened, and we would lose the most effective path to stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
That is a direct quote from Philip 
Hammond, the UK’s foreign secretary. He speaks for all of our partners in this—100 nations who support this deal—100 nations who support this deal. 
Why would we want to stand with the 
hardliners in Iran? I know my col-leagues wrote to them. And they are partners with them, make no mis-take—the hardliners here and the hardliners in Iran. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mrs. BOXER. But I believe if you are 
a moderate person, support this deal. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I feel at 
times as if I have exhausted my words against the nuclear deal with Iran. I have inveighed against the wickedness of the Ayatollahs, their responsibility for the deaths of hundreds of American troops in Iraq and Afghanistan, their support for terror, and their attacks on Israel and other American allies. It is the height of folly, weakness, and cre-dulity to give Iran tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief and put them on the path to nuclear weapons. 
Indeed, I feel as if I can say nothing 
more than I have already said. But, for-tunately, the Democrats who support the Iran nuclear deal have supplied co-gent arguments against the deal. Thus, rather than speak myself, I will simply let the Democrats speak in their own astonishing words. 
Here are the Democrats on the expi-
ration of the deal. 
I remain extremely concerned that after 15 
years, the restrictions on how much uranium Iran can enrich and to what level expire and Iran will once again return to its current status as a nuclear threshold state with a breakout time of just a couple of months, if not weeks. It is disconcerting that Iran can achieve this status without breaking the rules or bending the agreement. To be clear, in fifteen years, Iran will be allowed to be a legitimized threshold nuclear state. . . . My fear is that 15 years from now, America and 
the world will face an Iran that sees its en-richment power as legitimized, that is wealthier and more economically powerful, and an Iran that is fortified with new weap-ons and air defenses as embargoes on conven-tional arms and ballistic missiles expire five and eight years from now. 
That was Senator P ETERS . 
I acknowledge that legitimate concerns 
have been raised about Iranian activities after the first 10 years of the agreement, sometimes referred to as the ‘‘out years.’’ During this time, Iran’s breakout time could shrink substantially. 
Senator R EEDof Rhode Island. 
When key restraints begin to expire in 10 
to 15 years—a blink of an eye to a country that measures its history in millennia—our country will still have to deal with an Ira-nian leadership that wants to build an indus-trial-scale nuclear enrichment program. That’s a big problem. 
Senator W YDEN . 
None of us knows what lies 10 or 15 years 
on the horizon. I have deep concerns about what the shape of Iran’s nuclear program could look like beyond this horizon. . . . 
Senator B ENNET . 
And here are the Democrats on Iran’s 
financing of terrorism: 
Iran will be disruptive in the Middle East 
and fund terrorist activities. This regime will continue to deny Israel’s right to exist. The Quds Force will still be listed as a ter-rorist organization, and Iran will continue to exacerbate tensions with allies in the region. 
Senator G ILLIBRAND . 
Let’s be clear, Iran is a sponsor of ter-
rorism and an abuser of human rights. This deal doesn’t change that. 
Senator H EITKAMP . 
It is certainly possible, perhaps probable, 
that Iran will use its additional resources and access to conventional arms to increase its support for terrorist groups. 
Senator M ERKLEY . 
I do share concerns about parts of the 
agreement, including how Iran could use funds from sanctions relief to continue fund-ing Hezbollah and other terrorists around the world. It is clear they have been funding these activities despite crippling sanctions. And we are right to be concerned that addi-tional funds from sanctions relief, or any other sources from other countries if this agreement is not approved, could be used to continue these outrageous activities. 
Senator S TABENOW . 
Here are the Democrats on Iran’s 
continued nuclear activities and en-richment: 
With this deal, we are legitimizing a vast 
and expanding nuclear program in Iran. We are in effect rewarding years of their decep-tion, deceit, and wanton disregard for inter-national law by allowing them to potentially have a domestic nuclear enrichment pro-gram at levels beyond what is necessary for a peaceful civil nuclear program. 
Senator B OOKER . 
It is certainly possible that Iran will use 
its nuclear research or nuclear energy pro-gram to provide a foundation for a future nu-clear weapon program. 
Senator M ERKLEY . 
Here are the Democrats on Iran’s ad-
herence to the deal: 
Iran is a bad and dangerous actor. We all 
agree on that. 
Senator B OXER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.020 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6676 September 16, 2015 
Critics insist America cannot trust Iran. I 
agree . . ., I still have serious doubts about their government. 
Senator C ARPER . 
We need not, and indeed should not, trust 
the Iranian regime. Implementation of this agreement may be challenging and we need to be prepared for the possibility that Iran will violate the agreement. 
Senator C ASEY . 
When Iranian extremist leaders chant 
‘‘Death to America’’ and ‘‘Death to Israel,’’ the first question we have is, ‘‘How in the world can we trust them to live up to an agreement?’’ The answer is: We cannot. 
Senator S TABENOW . 
Even under the deal, we should expect that 
Iran will cheat when it can, particularly at the margins; that it will continue or even ramp up its destabilizing activities and spon-sorship of terrorism with the additional re-sources provided by increased sanctions re-lief; that it will seek to break out if the op-portunity presents itself after 15 years when specialized inspections fade and many limits on its nuclear program are lifted. 
Senator B OOKER . 
Iran has misled us in the past when it 
comes to their nuclear program. 
Senator M ARKEY . 
What a condemnation of Iran, what 
an indictment of this nuclear deal with Iran. But this indictment comes from the supporters of the deal. Despite their own words, these Democrats have chosen to give Iran billions of dollars that will be used to fund terror and war and ultimately put Iran on the path to nuclear weapons. 
So let there be no mistake for his-
tory about the consequences of these Democrats’ choice: When Iran deto-nates a nuclear device, these Demo-crats will bear responsibility. When Iran launches a missile capable of hit-ting the United States, these Demo-crats will bear responsibility. When Iran kills more Americans, as it has in Iraq and Afghanistan, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, and elsewhere, these Demo-crats will bear responsibility. When Iran imprisons American hostages, these Democrats will bear responsi-bility. When Iran attacks Israel through Hezbollah’s missiles or Hamas’s tunnels, these Democrats will bear responsibility. When Iran kills Jews around the world in places like Argentina and Bulgaria, these Demo-crats will bear responsibility. When Iran massacres its own citizens, these Democrats will bear responsibility. 
President Obama and these 42 Demo-
crats bear a direct political, moral, and personal responsibility for the coming crimes and outrages of Iran’s aya-tollahs. There will be grave con-sequences for them and for all of us. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
f 
CELEBRATING 25 YEARS OF SUC-
CESS FROM THE OFFICE OF RE-SEARCH ON WOMEN’S HEALTH AT THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor 
and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 242 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 242) celebrating 25 
years of success from the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Insti-tutes of Health. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2663 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I call 
up amendment No. 2663 to the resolu-tion and ask that it be reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maryland [Ms. M IKUL-
SKI] proposes an amendment numbered 2663. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the resolving clause) 
On page 4, line 1, strike ‘‘it is the sense of 
the Senate that’’ and insert ‘‘the Senate’’. 
On page 4, strike line 2 and all that follows 
through page 5, line 23, and insert the fol-lowing: 
(1) commends ORWH for its work over the 
past 25 years to improve and save the lives of women worldwide and expresses that ORWH must remain intact for this and future gen-erations; 
(2) recognizes that there remain striking 
sex and gender differences among many dis-eases and conditions on which ORWH should continue to focus; 
(3) encourages ORWH to continue to focus 
on ensuring that NIH supports biomedical re-search that considers sex as a biological variable across the research spectrum; and 
(4) encourages the Director of the NIH to 
continue to consult and involve ORWH on all matters related to the influence of sex and gender on health, especially those matters pertaining to the consideration of sex as a biological variable in research with vertebrate animals and humans. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate on the amendment? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the amendment. 
The amendment (No. 2663) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate on the resolution? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the resolution, as amended. 
The resolution (S. Res. 242), as 
amended, was agreed to. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. I further ask unani-
mous consent that the Mikulski-Col-lins amendment to the preamble be agreed to; the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; the title amendment be agreed to; and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2664) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the preamble) 
In the eighteenth whereas clause, strike 
‘‘CDC’’ and insert ‘‘Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention’’. The preamble, as amended, was 
agreed to. 
The resolution, as amended, with its 
preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 242 
Whereas, on September 10, 1990, the Office 
of Research on Women’s Health (in this reso-lution referred to as ‘‘ORWH’’) was estab-lished at the National Institutes of Health (in this resolution referred to as ‘‘NIH’’) to— 
(1) ensure that women were included in 
NIH-funded clinical research; 
(2) set research priorities to address gaps 
in scientific knowledge; and 
(3) promote biomedical research careers for 
women; 
Whereas ORWH was established in law by 
the National Institutes of Health Revitaliza-tion Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–43; 107 Stat. 122) and implemented the law requiring re-searchers to include women in NIH-funded tests of new drugs and other clinical trials; 
Whereas today, more than 
1⁄2of the partici-
pants in NIH-funded clinical trials are women, enabling the development of clinical approaches to prevention, diagnosis, or treatment appropriate for women; 
Whereas, in 2015, ORWH, with enthusiastic 
support from NIH leadership, announced that, beginning in January 2016, NIH-funded scientists must account for the possible role of sex as a biological variable in vertebrate animal and human studies; 
Whereas ORWH, along with NIH leader-
ship, enhances awareness of the need to ad-here to principles of rigor and transparency, including the need to publish sex-specific re-sults to inform the treatment of women, men, boys, and girls; 
Whereas over the past 25 years, ORWH has 
helped expand research on women’s health beyond its roots in reproductive health to in-clude— 
(1) the study of the health of women across 
the life-spans of women; and 
(2) biomedical and behavioral research 
from cells to selves; 
Whereas by studying both sexes, ORWH is 
leading the scientific community to make discoveries headed toward treatments that are more personalized for both women and men; 
Whereas today, ORWH communicates 
through programs and policies that sex and gender affect health, wellness, and how dis-eases progress; 
Whereas turning discovery into health for 
all, the NIH motto, means studying both fe-males and males across the biomedical re-search continuum; 
Whereas the ORWH Specialized Centers of 
Research on Sex Differences program sup-ports established scientists who do basic, clinical, and translational research with a sex and gender focus; 
Whereas all NIH Institutes and Centers 
fund and encourage scientists at universities across the Nation to conduct research on the health of women and on sex and gender influ-ences; 
Whereas over the past 25 years, ORWH has 
established several career-enhancement ini-tiatives for women in biomedicine, including the Building Interdisciplinary Research Ca-reers in Women’s Health program that con-nects junior faculty with mentors who share interests in women’s health research; 
Whereas ORWH co-directs the NIH Work-
ing Group on Women in Biomedical Careers, which develops and evaluates policies to pro-mote the recruitment, retention, and sus-tained advancement of women scientists; 
Whereas the Women’s Health Initiative (in 
this resolution referred to as ‘‘WHI’’) marked the first long-term study of its kind and re-sulted in a wealth of information so that women and their physicians can make more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.022 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6677 September 16, 2015 
informed decisions regarding post-
menopausal hormone therapy; 
Whereas WHI reduced the incidence of 
breast cancer by 10,000 to 15,000 cases per year, and the overall health care savings far exceeded the WHI investment; 
Whereas ORWH supported the National 
Cancer Institute’s development of a vaccine that prevents the transmission of Human Papilloma Virus, resulting in a decrease in the number of cases of cervical cancer; 
Whereas, in 1994, ORWH co-sponsored with 
the National Institute of Allergy and Infec-tious Diseases a landmark study, the results of which showed that giving the drug AZT to HIV-infected women with little or no prior antiretroviral therapy reduced the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV by 
2⁄3; 
Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, perinatal HIV infections in the United States have dropped by more than 90 percent; 
Whereas ORWH co-funded a large clinical 
study of the genetic and environmental risk factors for ischemic stroke, which identified a strong relationship between the number of cigarettes smoked per day and the prob-ability of ischemic stroke in young women, prompting the targeting of smoking as a pre-ventable and modifiable risk factor for cere-brovascular disease in young women; and 
Whereas over the past 25 years, ORWH has 
contributed support toward major advances in knowledge about the genetic risk for breast cancer, and discovery of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genetic risk markers has enabled better-informed genetic counseling and treatment for members of families that carry mutant alleles: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved , That the Senate— 
(1) commends ORWH for its work over the 
past 25 years to improve and save the lives of women worldwide and expresses that ORWH must remain intact for this and future gen-erations; 
(2) recognizes that there remain striking 
sex and gender differences among many dis-eases and conditions on which ORWH should continue to focus; 
(3) encourages ORWH to continue to focus 
on ensuring that NIH supports biomedical re-search that considers sex as a biological variable across the research spectrum; and 
(4) encourages the Director of the NIH to 
continue to consult and involve ORWH on all matters related to the influence of sex and gender on health, especially those matters pertaining to the consideration of sex as a biological variable in research with vertebrate animals and humans. 
The amendment (No. 2665) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A resolu-
tion celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health.’’. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I 
think the parliamentary choreography does not show what we just did. 
We are now, through a resolution co-
sponsored by Senator C
OLLINS and me, 
cosponsored by all the women of the Senate on both sides of the aisle, cele-brating the 25th anniversary of the Of-fice of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health. 
Twenty-five years ago, on September 
10, 1990, the Office of Research on Wom-en’s Health was established at NIH. It ensured that women were included in NIH-funded research protocols. It set research priorities, scientific peer re-view and scientific knowledge, and it promoted medical research. There were two outcomes that I am 
so proud of—No. 1, what we have done to improve women’s health, and No. 2, we showed that a process of working on a bipartisan basis actually worked. 
This is not to tell old war stories 
about legislative issues. Twenty-five years ago women were not included in the protocols at NIH. There were many reasons given, most of them not sci-entifically reliable or accurate. Work-ing together, Senator Nancy Kasse-baum and I—the only two women in the Senate at the time—joined hands with the House—Congresswoman Pat Schroeder, Connie Morella, and Sen-ator Olympia Snowe—and we worked together to get legislation passed to get women included in the protocols, scientifically appropriate, and to es-tablish the office of women’s health. We worked then with Senator Tom Harkin and Arlen Specter here and Senator Ted Kennedy and Senator Kassebaum to get it done. These roll-calls of people who are no longer with us in this institution and some who passed by showed we got it done. It was modest in money, big in dreams. I will give one outcome of what they did. 
George Bush the elder appointed Dr. 
Bernadine Healy to be head of NIH. Dr. Healy led a scientific study on hor-mone replacement. She was able to get the money because of Tom Harkin, Arlen Specter, and all of us, all work-ing together. I was an appropriator as well who helped and assisted, Senator Kennedy, Senator Nancy Kassebaum— now, of course, Baker. And guess what. This is the outcome: Because of that hormone replacement study, medical practice was changed because of the ex-cessive use of hormones in inappro-priate situations. As a result, it is esti-mated by public health epidemiologists that we save 15,000 lives a year. Be-cause of the hormone replacement study, breast cancer rates went down 12 percent. 
So when they say: Can’t you guys 
and gals work together? When we do, we save lives. We save lives. It is esti-mated that over 600 lives were saved because of this one study alone, and more will happen every year. So when we get it together, yes, we save lives, hundreds of thousands at a time. 
So I commemorate the great work of 
the Office of Research on Women’s Health, and I want to once again, join-ing with my dear friend and esteemed colleague Senator C
OLLINS , show that 
when we work together, we can really make a change—a change that im-proves the lives of the American peo-ple, and women all over this country thank this body for the leadership we have provided. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am 
delighted to join with my friend and colleague, the Dean of the Senate women, Senator B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , in 
sponsoring this resolution to com-memorate the 25th anniversary of NIH’s Office of Research on Women’s 
Health. This office has improved and saved the lives of countless women not only in our country but worldwide. It has been a great success. 
Our resolution, as Senator M
IKULSKI  
mentioned, is cosponsored by every sin-gle one of the women serving in the Senate today. I always point out that just as the men of the Senate span the ideological spectrum, so do the women of the Senate. But we have come to-gether to endorse this resolution be-cause each and every one of us recog-nizes the critical, lifesaving work that has been done by this office at NIH. 
As the Senator from Maryland has 
pointed out, this was a collaborative effort among women—including my former colleague, Olympia Snowe—in both the House and the Senate 25 years ago to redress the fact that so many clinical trials that were being con-ducted by NIH or through NIH funding excluded women. I remember one on heart disease that was called Mr. Fit. Mr. Fit. Not a single woman was in-cluded in this groundbreaking study despite the fact that women die of heart disease more than any other dis-ease and despite the fact that women react differently than men do to dif-ferent therapies, to different drugs. 
Our resolution commends the office 
for its work over the past 25 years to improve and save the lives of women. It recognizes that there remain striking gender differences among many dis-eases and conditions on which this of-fice should continue to focus. It also encourages the office to continue to focus on ensuring that NIH supports biomedical research that considers gender as a biological variable across the spectrum of research projects that we are doing. And it encourages the Di-rector of the NIH to continue to con-sult and involve the Office of Research on Women’s Health on all matters re-lated to the influence of gender on health, especially those pertaining to the consideration of gender as a bio-logical variable in research with hu-mans. 
I am delighted that we have now been 
able to clear the obstacles to the adop-tion of this resolution and that it has been approved without dissent. As my colleague has indicated, it is an exam-ple of a development that was taken 25 years ago in response to a real problem of women being excluded from clinical trials, from health care research, and we have made a difference with this of-fice. That is why I am proud to join with my friend the senior Senator from Maryland, the Dean of the women of the Senate, in sponsoring this legisla-tion with each of our female colleagues serving the United States as Members of this great body. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.005 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6678 September 16, 2015 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:38 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. S
COTT). 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
BAN ON DOMESTIC OIL EXPORTS  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, there is 
a proposal that is going to be made be-fore the House of Representatives and before the Senate. That proposal will lift the ban on the exportation of American oil—oil that is drilled for here in the United States. The oil in-dustry wants to have this ban lifted. You have to go back in history 40 years, to 1975, in order to find why that ban on exported oil is on the books. In 1975 we were at the height of the first oil embargo from OPEC. We were im-porting 30 to 35 percent of the oil we consumed in the United States. A ban was put in place for us to export our own oil if we were importing 30 to 35 percent of the oil that we were con-suming in America. It put us at a big disadvantage if we took that approach to our own oil. 
Today the United States imports 25 
to 30 percent of all the oil which we consume. Mark Twain used to say that history doesn’t repeat itself, but it does tend to rhyme. Today is a lot like 1975 in terms of the amount of oil that we import into our country. Right now we import 5 million barrels of oil a day. We import oil from Iraq, we import oil from Venezuela, and we import oil from the Persian Gulf in order to fuel our economy. Now the oil industry says: Let’s start selling the oil we have and drill for in the United States out in the open market. Why does the oil in-dustry want to do that? Because when oil is drilled for in the United States, the price that is set is set in Okla-homa. Cushing, OK, is where the price is set. On average that price is $3 to $6 less expensive per barrel than the oil that is on the open market. That is called the Brent crude price. But it is the world price. That is not our price. Our price is $3 to $6 less. 
The oil industry in America wants to 
get our oil out in the open market so they can sell it to other countries. What countries? First in line would be China. After that, most likely, are other Asian nations. That makes a lot of sense for oil companies. It does not make any sense for American con-sumers. By keeping the ban in place, Barclays Bank estimated that all that oil here put pressure on prices and low-ered prices for consumers by $11 billion last year. You can see it when you look at the price at the pump when you go to fill up. 
This year Barclays Bank estimates 
that there will be a $10 billion reduc-tion in cost for consumers. You can see it at the pump. You can see the price coming down. The pressure works for consumers. The oil industry does not like that. They want to get that oil out 
of America. They want to get a higher price on the global market. 
As to national security, does it really 
make any sense for the United States to be sending young men and women over to the Middle East in uniform, into that highly unstable part of our planet in order to ensure that this sta-bility leads to huge ships with oil in it coming from the Middle East into America, while simultaneously having the oil industry saying let’s export our own oil that we already have? It makes no sense. As long as we are exporting young men and women over to the Mid-dle East to fight, to protect ourselves, we should not be exporting our own oil domestically. It makes no sense what-soever. 
Our own Department of Energy says 
that our production in America is going to peak in the year 2020—peak— and then decline for the next 20 years. We import 5 million barrels a day. Our oil production will peak in the year 2020 and then start to decline, and the oil industry wants to start exporting our own oil. Many of the advocates of that say: You wouldn’t have a ban on any other product being exported from the United States. That is probably right. We don’t have a ban on the ex-port of widgets or watches. But on the other hand, we don’t fight wars over widgets. We don’t fight wars over watches. 
Oil is different. Oil has been at the 
center for 50 years of this powerful geo-political battle that the United States has been drawn into in the Middle East. Let’s not kid ourselves. We are living it every day, looking at the lead stories on every television network in our country—every day. 
In terms of what we lose, the domes-
tic refining industry is totally opposed to this. The oil refining industry of the United States is totally opposed to ex-portation. Why? Because they are in-vesting in the construction of new re-fineries here to refine American oil here in refineries that are constructed and employing hundreds of thousands of people within our own country. The refining industry opposes it. It would be a $9 billion loss and a reduction by 1.6 million barrels of oil per day that could be refined in the United States. The shipbuilding industry is opposed to it. 
We are seeing a 40-percent increase in 
the amount of shipbuilding in America. Here is what is happening. The oil is produced in the oil patches. It is put on ships, and it is sent to Pennsylvania, sent to New Jersey, sent to other parts of America. You need ships to do that. Then that oil gets refined in Pennsyl-vania, and it gets refined in other parts of the country. That would end this in-credible shipbuilding boom that we have seen. 
Where will these exports go? We are 
not like Russia. We are not like Saudi Arabia. We don’t have state-run oil companies. We are a capitalists. Cap-italists go for the highest price no mat-ter where it is. You put the oil out on 
the open seas, and our companies will head toward the highest price. 
Who is going to pay the highest 
price? China is going to pay the highest price. Other countries that are wealthy are going to pay the highest price. We can’t pretend that it is going to go to where the geopolitical needs of the Secretary of State or Secretary of De-fense are going to go. That is not how capitalism works. You go towards the highest price. That is the fiduciary re-sponsibility that you have as a CEO of a company. That does not get mixed up within our society. The hand on the tiller of those ships is heading towards the highest price. 
Who benefits? The oil companies will 
benefit. There are estimates that by 2025, they will be making an extra $30 billion a year in profits—per year. It makes sense for the oil companies. 
Who are the losers? Our consumers 
are going to be big losers. Our national security is a big loser. We are export-ing our strength, our oil, even as we need 5 million extra barrels a day. Our domestic refiners are big losers. Our U.S. shipbuilding industry is a big loser, and our environment is a big loser. 
Can you imagine it? The Pope is ar-
riving next week, and he is going to talk about the role that human beings are playing in the dangerous warming of our planet. What the oil industry wants us to do is to continue to engage in expanded fracking of oil on our own soil, even though we haven’t fully fig-ured out how to contain the methane that comes out of that fracking, and then put it on ships and send it around the world. Where are the benefits for the American people? Our environment takes all of the risks, and the oil goes out to the open seas with the benefit to the oil companies. It makes no sense at all. 
Within 10 years, they are making an 
extra $30 billion every single year from that additional profit that they get by selling it overseas, rather than keeping it here and keeping the pressure on lowering the price for consumers here in our country. 
Many times you hear them saying: 
We really should be able to drill off the coastline of the United States, all the way up to Maine, down to Florida, from San Diego up to the top of Alas-ka—right off the coastline. What about the fishing industry? It could endanger it. What about tourism on those beach-es if this is spilled? It could endanger it. But they say: We must do it in order to ensure that we have the oil that we need here in the United States. 
You can’t have it both ways. You 
can’t say that we have enough oil that we can export it out of our country, and simultaneously say that we must drill off of our coastlines in dangerous conditions because we don’t need the 
oil because we can export it. You can’t have it both ways. No one is allowed to do that. 
There is a pretty high contradiction 
coefficient in the argument made by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.026 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6679 September 16, 2015 
the oil industry. We need to have this 
debate. The American people must know that they are going to run the risk of being tipped upside down at gas-oline stations all across the country and having money shaken out of their pockets as they fill up their tanks be-cause the oil industry just wants more. 
So national security—let us know 
when we have produced the extra 5 mil-lion barrels a day here. Let us know when they have the evidence that proves that the Department of Energy is wrong and our production doesn’t start to go down after 2020. Let us know when they have invested in the safeguards that ensure that methane does not come up from the fracking wells. Let us know when we put as a priority those American young men and women that we are sending over there into the Middle East. It makes no sense. It is a bad policy. They had it right in 1975. We are still importing about the same amount of oil as we were back then. We don’t want to in-voke the first law of holes, which is, when you end one, stop digging. We want to make sure that we abide by that rule, that we guarantee that we start to come out of that hole, that we use American oil here first before we sell it overseas and hurt consumers, the environment, and our national se-curity. 
This is the beginning of a very impor-
tant debate in our country. I am look-ing forward to it. I think the American people are going to rise up and realize that this is very dangerous for them on so many different levels that it will be rejected on the floor of the Senate be-fore this entire process has ended. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-
day evening our Democratic friends across the aisle, led by the minority leader, again refused to allow the Sen-ate to cast an up-or-down vote on a res-olution that would make clear that the Senate disapproves of President Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran. It is clear that there is, in fact, a bipartisan majority of both Houses that dis-approves, but, using a procedural tool— the filibuster—our Democratic friends are trying to deny the American people an opportunity to cast a vote on this bad deal through their elected rep-resentatives and indeed I would suggest to also avoid the accountability that goes along with this because this movie will not end well. 
They are the No. 1 state sponsor of 
international terrorism. This deal gives them $100 billion to continue to finance terrorist attacks and proxy war against the United States and our al-lies. This has a phony inspection re-gime because it requires the United States to ask 24 days ahead of time to be able to inspect various sites. Indeed, we found out that on some of their military sites, the International Atom-ic Energy Agency—the IAEA—will not even be allowed to access those mili-tary sites but, rather, the Iranians will 
do their own inspection and then turn over their samples to the IAEA waiting dutifully at the gate of these military compounds where we know there is nu-clear activity taking place. 
So this is really a lousy deal. I mean, 
assuming that we could somehow deny Iran a nuclear weapon, which used to be American policy, I think we would find a huge consensus. But, in fact, this also changes American policy. Rather than denying them a nuclear weapon, it would literally pave the way, essen-tially giving them a free hand in 10 to 12 years from now. 
We just observed the 14th anniver-
sary of 9/11, September 11, 2001. It was only 14 years ago that we had a ter-rorist attack on our own soil. One of those airplanes was heading toward the U.S. Capitol, one hit the Pentagon, and of course two hit the World Trade Cen-ter in New York City. So the idea of paving the way for Iran to get a nu-clear weapon in 10 or 12 years—when put in that context, that is certainly not very long. That means the nations in the Middle East are going to begin to arm themselves because they are not stupid. They realize a nuclear Iran is a threat to the region. Sunni coun-tries, such as Saudi Arabia and others, will begin a nuclear arms race. Instead of suicide vests and improvised explo-sive devices, the prospect of a nuclear confrontation in the Middle East ought to send chills up and down anybody’s spine. Yet that is exactly what our Democratic friends have embraced, along with the President. 
The irony is that in trying to shield 
President Obama from having to veto the resolution of disapproval, our Democratic friends have also thrown away a chance to improve the legit-imacy of this deal by allowing an up- or-down vote. Why in the world would they feel the pressure to protect the President from something he is proud of, which is this Iranian nuclear deal? It doesn’t make much sense. This deal on its own merits is indefensible. 
Thankfully, there is a small silver 
lining because this is not legally bind-ing beyond the Presidency of Barack Obama. This is not a legal document or a treaty; it is a political agreement. I hope the next President understands that he or she will have complete free-dom to tear this deal up and negotiate a better deal and keep the pressure on Iran and deny them a nuclear weapon. 
We have seen this happen before with 
issues such as ObamaCare and Dodd- Frank. If the shoe were on the other foot, were Republicans to try to jam through legislation such as this on a controversial topic on a purely par-tisan basis, it wouldn’t have much staying power because you would not have built the sort of political con-sensus that would give it staying power. So the controversy continues. 
We have already spent a lot of time 
on this debate discussing and high-lighting the weaknesses of this deal and the danger it poses for U.S. and world security. Those weaknesses, as I 
pointed out yesterday, have been high-lighted by the deal’s supporters. I mean, the statements that were made by some of the Senators who voted for this deal seemed to be completely at odds with their vote to filibuster the resolution of disapproval. So they are clearly nervous about this deal, as they should be. 
The fact is that, rather than making 
this a bipartisan consensus and making it purely a partisan matter—they will own the negative consequences of this deal because Iran’s leaders, at the same time they have been negotiating this deal, have been shouting ‘‘Death to America’’ and saying that Israel will not even be on the map in 25 years. So the chances, I would think, of this deal turning out very badly—all of that re-sponsibility will be in the laps of those who filibustered this deal. 
I pointed out that Iran is not giving 
up or disavowing its role as a foremost state sponsor of terrorism. In fact, all one has to do is go to the State Depart-ment’s Web site, which is John Kerry’s department. Secretary Kerry nego-tiated this deal. Right there on their Web site is pointed out Iran’s role as a major sponsor of international ter-rorism, its ties to and funding of Hezbollah and Hezbollah’s efforts to at-tack American interests in the Middle East, as well as Syria, Lebanon, Libya, and Iraq. All of this is very well docu-mented. Almost all of the mischief, vi-olence, killing, and threats to the secu-rity of that entire Middle East region have Iran’s fingerprints all over it. 
As a result of some of the documents 
that were uncovered when Osama bin Laden was killed, we found out even more information. There was a story— I believe it was in the Wall Street Journal yesterday—about records of open cooperation between Al Qaeda and the Iranian regime and their attacks and pursuit on American interests. These are more facts about Iran’s ne-farious activities recorded in the ad-ministration’s own public records. 
Of course, the regime continues to 
not deny or suppress but, rather, proudly announce its support of vio-lence in the region and propping up proxy groups, as I said, that are fight-ing from Syria, to Iraq, to Yemen, and further destabilizing an already vola-tile region. To add to that mix, this deal dumps nuclear weapons. That is like pouring gasoline on a fire, except it is much more dangerous. 
Of course, this deal won’t change any 
of those facts. In fact, President Obama and his national security advisers ad-mitted that terrorist groups supported by the Iranian Government will likely be the real benefactors of sanctions re-lief under this deal. How will the Obama administration work to keep the billions of dollars that will pour into Iran as a result of this deal from being used to arm and otherwise fi-nance the work of terrorists who seek to kill us and our friends and allies in the region? Well, they simply don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.028 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6680 September 16, 2015 
have an answer for that because they 
know that is a byproduct or I should say a direct result of this bad deal. 
As I pointed out a moment ago, even 
after the deal was announced, the Su-preme Leader in Iran and others con-tinued their attacks on our closest ally in the Middle East, Israel. The so- called Supreme Leader of Iran went so are far as to say that Israel won’t exist in 25 years. If they had their way, they would wipe Israel off the map. 
How does the administration plan to 
counter this theocratic regime that continues to call for the complete de-struction of our Nation’s closest ally in the Middle East, Israel? As far as I can tell, they don’t have a plan, but that describes so much of their foreign pol-icy. 
We have witnessed the refugee crisis 
in Europe and the heartrending pic-tures on the news of a young boy’s body being washed up on shore because he was trying to get away from a war- torn region of the Middle East—Syria— to somewhere where it is safe so he could grow up and have a productive and normal life. I mean, they are heartrending pictures, but they are a result of this administration having no policy and no real strategy in Syria. 
So, really, this is more of the same— 
no strategy and no clue about how to deal with the dangers that confront the region and the people in the Middle East and its ripple effect on the rest of the world, including the United States. 
Tomorrow we will vote on a piece of 
legislation that addresses some major omissions from the President’s execu-tive agreement with Iran. Our friends across the aisle have made their bed and decided to lie down in it, and they have blocked now two times an up-or- down vote on this resolution of dis-approval. They made that decision, so now it is time to have another vote and to fill in some of the gaps left by this bad deal. 
The bill we will vote on tomorrow is 
pretty straightforward. It will bar President Obama from lifting sanctions on Iran until two specific benchmarks are met. This doesn’t solve all of the problems I mentioned a moment ago, but it will fill in a couple of important gaps. First, we will vote on whether Iran must formally recognize Israel’s right to exist as a state, and if they don’t, then the President will not be authorized to lift sanctions on Iran. Second, Iran must release American citizens whom it continues to hold hos-tage. This is the part I just really can’t believe. We had this negotiated deal for months and months at the very highest level of the U.S. Government. Yet, under this deal, the leadership of the U.S. Government decides to leave American citizens in prison in Iran and doesn’t use this as an opportunity to negotiate their release. 
This Chamber should wholeheartedly 
approve of these commonsense meas-ures—one that calls for the safe return of our own citizens and one that af-firms the right of our ally to exist. This is not a big ask. This does not fix 
all of the problems with this bad deal, but it does address two glaring defi-ciencies, and so I think that vote is en-tirely appropriate. 
In conclusion, I will just say that 
this deal is dangerous, misguided, and, you know what, it is pretty darn un-popular. As I said earlier, bipartisan majorities in both Houses of Congress oppose it, and for good reason. When we look at the public opinion polls, only 21 percent of the public supports this executive agreement. 
Tomorrow we will have an oppor-
tunity to let the voices of our constitu-ents be heard loud and clear, and I hope our Democratic colleagues will come to their senses, quit playing defense for the White House, and join us in seeking the release of our U.S. citizens held captive abroad and the future security of our unwavering ally, the State of Israel. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
THE MIDDLE EAST  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, the 
Iranian deal—this executive agreement dealing with nuclear weapons and their policy in Iran that has been executed between the President of the United States and Iran’s leaders—not the Con-gress, not in a formal treaty that is binding over time but a personal execu-tive agreement—I don’t believe is a good one, and I think it is the predict-able end, frankly, of a poorly initiated negotiation. I will vote against it based on many of the arguments our col-leagues have heard over the last sev-eral days and will continue to hear. I do believe it is not the right policy for the United States. I am not going to attempt to restate all of the reasons. 
I remember distinctly being in the 
Middle East, meeting with a top offi-cial in one of the countries whose name is well known. President Obama de-cided to intensify these negotiations toward this kind of end. This Middle Eastern official warned that talking could be a trap. He warned that the Iranians are sophisticated negotiators. They have been recognized as such throughout the world and the Middle East for decades. He warned that one could be trapped into these negotia-tions, and once you get into them, you have to be able to extract yourself as soon as you realize a good result isn’t in the offing. I think that warning was not heeded. We have gone on for 6 years now, and we have reached a point where the President had to either agree to what they wanted or walk away and admit defeat, and he decided to reach an agreement. I think that put us in this bad position. He wanted to achieve this before he left office, apparently, and we can only hope that somehow, some way, this turns out to be better than it appears at this time. 
The Iranian acquisition of and their 
drive to achieve nuclear weapons is just one aspect of the complex situa-tion that results from the extremism that is arising in the Middle East. It is 
a part of the extremism that has been arising in the Middle East. I wish to take this opportunity to go further than just discuss Iran today. I think we need to discuss the need for a long- term strategy, bipartisan—Republicans and Democrats—and our Western World allies, the free world allies, for 
how we are going to deal with the prob-lems of extremism in the Middle East over a long period of time. 
It is clear that we are seeing a resur-
gence of militant Islam. This strain of Islam seeks to advance a theological and political approach to the world. It seeks to unify faith and politics, and believers, as such, seek to advance policies they think will honor Allah’s religious command. So this strain that has been in Islam for years that advo-cates conversion by the sword in fact finds much support in the Koran. I wish it wasn’t so, but it does. Many—even most—Muslims are certainly truly peo-ple of peace, faithful in their daily ac-tivities, but there is a sizable minority that oftentimes seeks dominance and achieves dominance that finds a basis in the Koran for their violent jihad against those they describe as infidels. They see the hedonism of the West and other actions that occur in the Western World, for example, as totally destruc-tive and contrary to what they believe is right, and they don’t accommodate to it. 
So we are seeing a spasm and an 
eruption of aggression that has oc-curred before over the centuries, but it is certainly reaching a high pitch today, exacerbated by the technology of weapons of mass destruction, nu-clear weapons, and other dangerous weapons. The nature of this eruption is complex. It is different in every region, in every country, and area, and is dif-ferent among sects, tribes, and tradi-tions, and is shaped by economic condi-tions, security conditions, and tribal and human conditions in the various regions of the Middle East, spanning from Afghanistan, Pakistan, to Syria, to Yemen, to Egypt, to Morocco, and into Africa today. 
This crisis, occasioned by Iran’s reli-
gious determination to obtain a nu-clear weapon, is just one aspect, though a huge one, that has arisen as a result of this extremism. The world is surely presented with a deep and com-plex problem that requires the most wise and consistent response over years. The surge of terrorism will not end quickly. We are most likely talk-ing about decades. Our response to such violent actions cannot be based on short-term, political, partisan factors. 
President Bush had in his mind a vi-
sion for a good future for the Middle East. I supported him. He believed all people wanted peace, freedom, edu-cation, and prosperity. He reached too far, perhaps, and made some tactical errors as he sought to advance his vi-sion, but, by 2011, after much bloodshed and cost, Iraq had achieved stability of a kind and some real political progress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.030 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6681 September 16, 2015 
A democratically elected government 
had been formed and stability and even prosperity seemed possible. Our new President, however, was not impressed. He did not share the depth of this vi-sion. President Obama did not consider the Bush vision as part of an estab-lished, bipartisan, long-term strategy of the United States. He thus felt little loyalty to that vision, and he started to execute his different vision in the Middle East. 
I was with some British parliamen-
tarians recently and noted that some-one had said that President Obama’s complete withdrawal from Iraq in 2011 was the greatest error of the 21st cen-tury to date. One of the experienced Brits responded: Well, some say it was the disbanding of the Iraqi Army after the victory in Iraq. So even when great nations act, things don’t usually go smoothly, and failure of great nations to act often has its own consequences. Enemies do not desire to be defeated. They do not desire to be killed. En-emies adjust to whatever tactics are used against them. 
So the point, colleagues and friends, 
is that military actions are fraught with danger. Inaction is fraught with danger. The world is very complex. The very best minds who know very well the specific countries that are at risk and in turmoil must be involved when plans are made and evaluated. Long- term—even very long-term con-sequences of action and inaction must be considered at the beginning. The world is a dicey place indeed. 
On my heart and mind is the concern 
that this spasm of Islamic extremism and terrorism will be with us for at least 40 years, perhaps more. Experts have told us this. Dr. Kenneth Pollack, at the Brookings Institute, testified be-fore our Armed Services Committee re-cently. It came my time to ask a ques-tion, and I said: Dr. Pollack, you said that problems that are long in the making will be long in solving. Just briefly, would you say with the spasm of extremism, violence, and sec-tarianism in the Middle East that we have to have a long-term policy—I mean 30, 50, 60 years—to try to be a positive force in bringing some sta-bility to that region? History tells us those states of violence tend to cool off but often take decades to cool off. And I remember it very distinctly. I got an answer that we do not often get. He looked up at me, and he said: Yes, that is what I am saying. 
This terrorism, unfortunately, is 
often focused on the United States that the extremists see as the Great Satan. This represents a direct threat to the security and prosperity of our people. Thus, we should seek to act in a states-manlike manner, considering the threats and interests of the people we serve in the near and the long term. That means making wise decisions that may not be popular in the 60-second sound bite world. 
In the late 1940s, the famous George 
Kennan, a State Department official, penned the ‘‘long telegram’’ they called 
it. It formed the basis for a long-term Cold War policy that became known as the containment doctrine. It was the 
basis for resisting the expansionism of communism, totalitarianism, and athe-ism, and it was part of that movement that was clearly contrary to Western values. So his paper became a bipar-tisan policy of the United States as we confronted the enormous threat of to-talitarian communism, that had a goal, as does radical Islam, of world domina-tion. 
While there were vigorous and usu-
ally healthy debates over the years over tactics and techniques and proce-dures, there was consistent and bipar-tisan support for the overarching strat-egy that communism could not be al-lowed to dominate ever-growing por-tions of the world, that it must be con-tained. Our Nation—indeed the entire free world—became united in that goal. This strategy held until the blessed collapse of the Soviet Union. 
So, once again, we face a totalitarian 
threat to the free world. This time it is from ideological and apocalyptic Islam. Like communism, its goals are incom-patible with the laws, institutions, and freedoms that we see as central to our liberty and prosperity. There can be no compromise with this form of radical Islam. It just will not merge with or accommodate the freedom that we be-lieve is essential in the Western World. 
Theologically based sharia law fun-
damentally conflicts with our constitu-tional order, which separates church and State and considers free debate and dissent in the Senate as a way to a bet-ter world. We believe in debate and dis-sent and disagreement and the right of freedom of religion. Thus, this threat has to be resisted. It just has to be. To do so obviously means that we and our allies have to agree on an effective strategy—not just the tactics for Iran today, ISIS tomorrow, Egypt the next day, Yemen the next day. 
Seven years into his Presidency, 
President Obama has failed in this re-gard. We must accept that fact. The re-sult of that failure is instability, vio-lence, and displaced persons. Would we have had none with a good effective strategy? No, I can’t say that, but I be-lieve with confidence that we would have had much less difficulty. Indeed, one wise, very sophisticated, European leader told me recently that the immi-gration crisis, as a result of refugees from the Middle East, is the greatest challenge to the European Union since World War II. What a dramatic state-ment. 
I know many of my Democratic 
friends are concerned about where we are and are willing to discuss the kind of strategy we need. 
The question of Iran and its sponsor-
ship of terrorism and its acquisition of nuclear weapons is a dramatic and ex-tremely important development. That is why it has engaged all of our atten-tion lately. 
I chair an Armed Services sub-
committee—and I have been on it for 18 years—that deals with strategic 
forces—nuclear forces. It has been the unified position of the entire world that there not be a proliferation of nu-clear weapons, and particularly not in the Middle East. So the acquisition of nuclear weapons by Iran is a dangerous event because they have ideological, apocalyptic, theological views that are scary. In addition, we have been told by the best experts accepted worldwide that if Iran has nuclear weapons, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Turkey—who knows what others—maybe Jordan in the future would want those too—and the idea that we will have multiple na-tions in that volatile region of the world with nuclear weapons has been a fear that has unified the U.N. and uni-fied the nuclear anti-proliferation groups worldwide for decades. 
But the Middle East presents even 
broader and more complex issues, in addition to that. Were the people of Syria and the world better off with Assad in power? Was Libya doing bet-ter under Qadhafi than it is now? One European official said a million people, mostly Libyans, are on the North Afri-can shore seeking to enter Europe or the United States. Is Egypt, under their new military regime, a more se-cure and positive force for good for the Egyptian people and the whole world 
and the Middle East than it was under the ousted Muslim Brotherhood and other extreme parties that were a part of that coalition? How would our dis-cussions and actions have been dif-ferent if our Nation had established a sound, long-term policy to guide our overall approach to this entire region? 
Our involvement in each of those sit-
uations and others was, it seems to me, far too ad hoc, far too reactive to cer-tain events. Our actions have not been consistent; they have not been predict-able; they have not advanced a unified strategy; they have not been a part of a coherent strategy designed to reduce tensions and strife, to reduce our direct involvement in the region. Our policies have not resulted in a containment or a reduction of terrorism and extre-mism. 
I asked a historian a few weeks ago 
before the Armed Services Committee about this and how we should be ap-proaching the Middle East—Professor Walter Russell Mead. I mentioned George Kennan and the containment strategy and asked: Do you think what we need as a nation is people like some of the experts on the last two panels that we have had, seriously analyzing the future of the Middle East, the na-ture of the extremist ideology that is there, and developing a long-term, so-phisticated policy to rebut it and try to diminish it over time? 
He replied and said a number of 
things. He said: 
But what we’re also hearing in the back-
ground is a kind of a universal confession of failure of strategy. 
What is our strategy for ISIS? Are we 
fighting Assad first, then ISIS? ISIS first, then Assad? Neither? Both? Something en-tirely different? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.034 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6682 September 16, 2015 
I think—I’ve rarely in my lifetime—al-
though I certainly have heard moments of strategic incoherence—I’ve rarely seen American policy on such a wide scale on so many issues in such a vital region seem to be so incoherent. I’m still waiting to see what our strategy is in Libya or why we inter-vened. . . . 
He goes on to say: 
So we—we do, I think, need, as a country, 
to have the kind of discussion about the Mid-dle East that we had about Soviet expan-sionism in the 1940s, and to try to work our way toward some kind of general bipartisan agreement or confidence in an analytical ap-proach to really a very vital part of the world. 
We are not close to that. We have a 
Presidential election going on, and people are making policies and state-ments based on the latest develop-ments. It makes me uneasy. 
Our policies have not resulted in con-
tainment and a reduction of extre-mism. Our policies have not resulted in improvement of conditions for the peo-ple in those countries or the security of the American people. 
Statesmanship, as Henry Kissinger 
says, requires wisdom, insight, and a willingness of officials to understand the complexity and history and choices the nation faces, and then to provide leadership to the American people first that produces support for policies that may not seem clear or understandable or even positive at the time they are announced because the world is a com-plex place. 
So, in conclusion, I am certain that 
the foreign policy of our Nation is too reactive. I am certain we have not adopted on a bipartisan basis a policy to confront Islamic extremism that provides direction for actions and can build confidence in our people and in our allies. I am certain this is a failure that must be remedied. 
So let’s get together, colleagues, and 
commit to developing a wise and sound strategy outside of the rush of daily politics, using the great insights and talents of people that are available to us. This Nation is fortunate to have persons of loyalty, experience in the Middle East, judgment, knowledge, and history, who can help us. 
In its basic form, a good strategy 
must be simple and understandable to high officials and everyday Americans. This is not an impossible task. A good strategy will provide guidance and produce consistency in our policies over the long run. Importantly it will reduce the adverse impact of politics on our foreign powers. The American people will respond positively. I pledge to do my part in this effort. We have developed such strategies before. Most dramatic was the Kennan containment strategy, but there have been others— the Monroe Doctrine, other policies— and we can do it again. 
I just think it is important to raise 
some additional concerns about where we are today. I think the President took unacceptable risks in going deep-ly into these negotiations. He went be-yond the framework that President Bush was using to talk with Iranians. 
The Iranians were in clear violation of a number of U.N. resolutions that re-stricted what we would do in our nego-tiations with them. We refused to par-ticipate with them. Both Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and Secretary of State John Kerry have recently tes-tified before Congress that Iran re-mains the No. 1 state sponsor of ter-rorism in the world, and they do not contend that releasing this money to them, hundreds of billions of dollars, which is being released on some sort of promise that they will cease to do that—they basically have said they are going to continue the same policies they have been advocating. 
This is a terror-sponsoring State. Our 
own experts tell us that. Our own offi-cials tell us that. It is very difficult to enter into any kind of negotiation with a person who sees you as a Great Satan, who says that Israel will not exist 25 years from now and must be eradicated from the Earth. 
So these P5+1 negotiations did re-
verse cautious activities before, based on the fact that Iran was an outlaw State. 
I will not continue to discuss this, 
other than to say that we entered into this, we have gotten down here to the end, and I think it is a mistake. I am going to vote no. 
It looks as though it may somehow 
be processed anyway. If that occurs, it will create instability, even more so in the Middle East, and alarmingly will lead to the proliferation of nuclear weapons in multiple countries in the Middle East, each one of which, if their unstable governments fall, could allow nuclear weapons to fall into the hands of terrorists who can use them at any time or place around the world, cre-ating all kinds of ramifications that are too grim to think about. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, what is the 
status of the session at this point? Are we in a quorum call? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are 
not in a quorum call. 
Mr. KING. I ask unanimous consent 
to address the Senate as in morning business for approximately 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
GOVERNING IN THE SENATE  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, one of the 
peculiar aspects of my service in this body is that I was sworn in as a U.S. Senator 40 years to the day from the day I entered Senate service as a staff member in January of 1973. Con-sequently, it has given me an inter-esting perspective about the operation of the Senate compared then and now. 
I am sure that some part of my mem-
ory of working here in the early 1970s and mid-1970s is colored by the rosy view of nostalgia, looking back at one’s youth and one’s past; but, even cor-recting for that bit of nostalgia, it is my observation that in those days we 
spent about 80 percent of our time gov-erning and about 20 percent of our time on politics. 
And there were plenty of politics. 
This was during the Watergate period. There was a Democratic Senate and Republican President. President Nixon resigned during the period I was here. It wasn’t as if politics were not a part of our life, but the work of the govern-ment continued, and the governing, which was done by this body and the House of Representatives, continued even in an era of very intense politics in our Nation’s history. 
A friend asked me the other day: 
What is the difference between then and now? 
I said: Well, in those days my recol-
lection is that it was about 80 percent governing and 20 percent politics. Today it is reversed. It is 80 percent politics and 20 percent governing. 
I want to talk a bit about governing. 
Probably our most fundamental re-sponsibility after national security is a little matter of the Federal budget. It is something that we have to do every year. It is something that is in the Constitution. It is one of our most basic responsibilities. Yet here we are, 10 legislative days away from the end of the fiscal year with no budget, no appropriations bills that have been passed in both Houses, no conference committees, and as far as I can tell, no negotiations at the highest level in order to resolve what could be an im-pending shutdown of the U.S. Govern-ment. 
In addition, we have the sequester 
facing us, which was designed to be stupid. It was designed to be so unac-ceptable to both sides of the political aisle that a solution would surely be found. 
I remember being asked about it 
when I was running for this office in 2012. People said: Well, what do you think of this sequester that might hap-pen next year? I said it will never hap-pen because it is so unacceptable, both on the defense side and on the domestic side. Surely, Members of Congress will come together and find a compromise solution. That happened with the Mur-ray-Ryan arrangement 2 years ago. 
But here we are again, facing a po-
tential shutdown. I don’t have to enu-merate the problems that creates: problems of national security, prob-lems of the effect on the overall econ-omy, problems of confidence and trust in the government itself. So here we are, and we are not governing when it comes to a budget. 
The highway fund is an even worse 
embarrassment. We have patched the highway fund temporarily 34 times, most recently this summer. That ex-pires in October. I have not heard a great deal of discussion about what the resolution of the highway fund is going to be, and I will make a bold pre-diction. Come October, there is going to be somebody who comes to this floor and says: We are close to a solution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.036 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6683 September 16, 2015 
All we need is 2 more months. So let’s 
extend it to January, and then we will solve the highway problem once and for all. 
That doesn’t pass the straight-face 
test. Here we are. We have the budget in 10 days, the highway fund in Octo-ber, and we have the tax extenders, which last year we passed and they only affected 2 weeks of the year. Yet we expect American businesses to make plans, investments, and look ahead. They don’t know what the Tax Code situation is going to be until the last 2 weeks of the year, and they have gotten to the point where they expect this: Well, OK, it looks like they are going to take care of it. 
But that is not governing, and there 
is a cost to that and a cost to our econ-omy. I have been in business, and I know that one of the most important things to a business is certainty, know-ing what the rules are, knowing what the Tax Code is, knowing what the reg-ulations are going to be. Business peo-ple can deal with regulations or tax policy. 
The very difficult thing, however, is 
uncertainty. When you have uncer-tainty, you have a lack of confidence; and when you have a lack of con-fidence, you have a lack of investment; and when you have a lack of invest-ment, you have a lack of jobs. I don’t have the econometric analysis, but in my view the uncertainty, the insta-bility, and the unpredictability of this body and of this institution has signifi-cantly put a damper on economic growth in this country. 
I don’t know whether it is half a 
point of GDP, a full point or a quarter point, but it is a lot because people don’t feel they can have confidence in what the rules of the game are going to be. 
To pass tax extenders for 2015 in the 
last 2 weeks of 2015 is just embar-rassing. Oh, I think I said the highway fund was embarrassing. They are both embarrassing. 
Then we have the Export-Import 
Bank, whose charter expired at the end of June. This is one I really don’t un-derstand. This is a government agency that is 70 years old or 80 years old, pro-vides support to businesses across the country, including in my State of Maine with some very small busi-nesses, and it fills a market niche that the private sector is not filling. It re-turns money to the Treasury, and it helps to create jobs in the United States. What is there not to like? For reasons that I can’t discern, it tends to be something about ideology, because you don’t want to have—heaven forbid there should be a government agency that works. So we better put it out of business. It is not making any more loans. 
Yesterday General Electric, one of 
our most important national compa-nies, announced the elimination of 500 jobs, including 84 jobs in Bangor, ME, because of the lack of the support pro-vided by the Export-Import Bank. By the way, every other industrialized na-
tion in the world provides some level of support and encouragement for ex-ports—except us as of June 30. 
For a staff member for the financial 
services committee in the other body, which handles this, their comment about the 500 layoffs was this: Well, 500 jobs is a drop in the bucket for GE. 
Eighty-four jobs is not a drop in the 
bucket for Bangor, ME. Those are fami-lies; those are real people. It makes a difference in our community, and it is ridiculous. If there were some policy reason for it, if there were some con-troversy, I could understand it. But to do it just because we don’t like the idea of this agency, even though it is effective in its mission and returns money to the Treasury, just doesn’t make any sense. 
So the budget we are not doing; the 
highway fund we are not doing; the tax extenders we are not doing; the Export- Import Bank we are not doing. 
What are we doing? We are spending 
another week on the issue of Iran, which we thoroughly debated and voted on last week. And I understand we may spend another 2 or 3 days on it next week for a series of amendments that can appear, to me, to be strictly de-signed to embarrass some Members of this body and to create fodder for 30- second ads a year from now. That is not governing. That is pure, unadulter-ated politics, and it is not dealing with the problems of this Nation. 
We debated the Iran issue thor-
oughly. I have never worked so hard on a single issue in my life. We all had the entire recess to work on it, to think about it, to talk to people, and to read the agreement. Before the recess, there were innumerable hearings, briefings, and classified briefings. We have now had two identical votes. 
Yesterday, one of my colleagues said: 
I feel like I am in ‘‘Groundhog Day.’’ We are voting again on exactly the same issue. Now I understand we are going to have more votes. 
I have never known an issue where 
every single Member of this body has expressed themselves on one side or the other. There is no question where any-body stands. Everybody has expressed themselves. Everybody has announced their position. One hundred Senators have announced their position. 
I have to say a bit about 60 votes. To 
argue that this issue of such momen-tous import should not require 60 votes, when virtually everything else we have done around here since I have been in the Senate for the past 2
1⁄2 
years has required 60 votes, is just pre-posterous. 
I remember standing on the floor a 
year ago hearing one of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle talking about some obscure amendment to some bill and saying: This amendment should be subjected to the normal 60- vote requirement. 
And I said: Normal? When is it nor-
mal? Well, it has become normal. It was the rule for the last 2 years. Now, suddenly, it was a bulwark of democ-
racy. I remember talking about how should we modify the filibuster rule? No, we can’t do that. The 60 votes is a bulwark of democracy. That protects the minority. That is built into the es-sence. That is what it is all about. Now, all of a sudden, it is not so impor-tant. People say: Well, this was a pro-cedural vote, and you had a filibuster. How dare you filibuster? 
Let me say, unequivocally, that the 
proponents of the Iran agreement are prepared to have an up-or-down vote on that agreement this afternoon as long as a 60-vote majority is part of the agreement about the vote. The only reason there was a 60-vote threshold on a filibuster motion, on a cloture mo-tion, was so that the majority would not put that issue on the table—an up- or-down vote with a 60-vote margin. Yet everybody knew when this bill passed—when the Corker bill passed— that it was going to require 60 votes. Senator C
ORKER is on the record on the 
floor talking about this: Of course, it is going to require 60 votes. And even the famous letter to the Ayatollah in the second paragraph said: Of course, agreements like this are going to be subject to a three-fifths majority. 
Everybody knew this was going to be 
60 votes, and to express shock now re-minds me of the end of ‘‘Casablanca,’’ where the inspector says: I am shocked, shocked to see gambling here. I am shocked that there should be a 60- vote requirement. 
But, of course, there is going to be a 
60-vote requirement as there has been for every other substantive issue—and a lot of not so substantive issues—for the last 2
1⁄2years. Now we are going to 
start to vote, apparently, on other issues not in the Iran agreement: Bring home the hostages; recognize Israel. Those are desirable ends. I support them entirely, but that was not what this negotiation was all about. 
This negotiation was to keep Iran 
from getting a nuclear weapon now. It was to roll back their nuclear program. That is what the negotiation was. It wasn’t about the hostages. It wasn’t about Israel. It wasn’t about Iran’s ma-lign activities in the region. 
One of my colleagues on the floor a 
few minutes ago said: Iran is a malign state, a rogue state. They are going to get money from the sanctions relief. 
Yes, they are. But the only thing 
worse than a rogue State with money from the sanctions relief is a rogue State with money—as the sanctions erode—with nuclear weapons, and that is what this is all about. 
When President Kennedy was negoti-
ating with the Soviet Union to get the missiles out of Cuba, at the end of the negotiation he didn’t say: By the way, Castro has to go—or you, Soviet Union, have to foreswear your enmity to the West. 
And, by the way, we have heard Iran 
say ‘‘Death to America,’’ and the So-viet leadership said: ‘‘We will bury you.’’ It is the same deal, the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.038 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6684 September 16, 2015 
level of threat. But President Kennedy 
was focused on getting those missiles out. That was the threat, just as today the threat is to keep nuclear arms out of the hands of Iran, which we all agree is what we need to do. 
We have debated Iran. We have taken 
two identical votes. The outcomes are the same. I predict the outcome will continue to be the same, and yet every minute we now spend on an issue that has been resolved is a minute that we don’t spend on issues that need resolu-tion: the budget, the highway fund, the debt limit, the Export-Import Bank, the tax extenders. That is governing, and that is what this body should be doing. 
I hope my colleagues at some point 
in the very near future will decide that it is time to attend to those issues. And if we disagree with a policy deci-sion that has been made, so be it. But we need to move forward and not con-tinue to politicize an issue that, in my view, should not have been politicized in the first place. These are weighty and important issues. The Iran decision was the hardest that I have ever had to make, but I have made it. We voted. It is done. We need to move forward, and we need to move forward to meet the urgent needs of the people of this coun-try. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
to express my deep disappointment that what has transpired at the end of everything we debated with regard to the Iran deal is that we have chosen, as a body—a minority of this body—to fil-ibuster the Iran agreement. 
For weeks—weeks—we have been 
talking about how important this agreement is and how we have been de-bating it. As to my colleague from Maine, I agree with him. All of us put so much time and effort into studying it and how it is one of the most impor-tant foreign policy and national secu-rity issues that many of us—even Sen-ators who have been here for 10, 20, 30 years—will ever debate, study, and vote on. That is all agreed to. 
And what happened? Now we are fili-
bustering that. 
American foreign policy and our na-
tional security are strongest when the executive branch and the congres-sional-legislative branch work to-gether. That is when America is its strongest. That is why our Constitu-tion gives powers to both branches of government in terms of foreign policy and national security. Yet every step of the way on this Iran deal of the President, the President and his team have been dismissive of the role of the American people through their rep-resentatives in Congress. 
You have to remember where we 
began, because the only reason the Ira-nians actually came to the table was because of the sanctions that this body—Democrats and Republicans—put on the Iranian regime—American-led sanctions throughout the world. Two 
different administrations did this. Sen-ator C
ORKER talked a lot about the role 
of the Congress today and how impor-tant that was. So we start these nego-tiations with Congress playing the crit-ical role—drove Iran to the negotiating table—and then when we start negoti-ating, the President says: Nope, we are going to do this alone. We are going to go it alone. We do not need the Con-gress of the United States. We are going to do an executive agreement. 
There was no involvement of the 
American people through their rep-resentatives in Congress to weigh in on one of the most important foreign pol-icy issues in a generation. So this body acted. This body acted. Through the leadership of many Members on both sides of the aisle—Senator C
ORKER , 
Senator C ARDIN —we passed legisla-
tion—98 Senators—that said: No, the Congress has a role. Congress should have a role. 
Initially, the President said: I am 
going to veto that. We don’t want you involved. I am going to veto that. 
But this body came together and 
said: We want to be able to vote on this agreement. Our constituents want to be heard. 
There were more affronts. The U.N. 
Security Council voted on this deal be-fore Congress even started the debate on this deal. Again, Members of both parties, Democrats and Republicans, went to the administration—wrote the President, wrote Secretary Kerry—and said: Please do not do this. This would be an affront to the American people. 
They did it anyway. So now we have come to this mo-
ment. The U.N. Security Council and its member states have voted on the deal. The Iranian Parliament will need a majority vote to pass the deal, but the world’s greatest deliberative body won’t. On one of the biggest foreign policy and national security issues fac-ing the United States, a partisan mi-nority of the Senate has decided to take a pass on even voting up or down on the substance of this agreement. 
Many of my colleagues have come to 
the floor over the last several weeks— both sides of the aisle—to explain why they are for or against the agreement. It has been a very good debate. People focused on this issue very intently. People of good will have a serious dif-ference of opinion. I disagree pro-foundly with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but I respect them for explaining to the public why they are supporting a deal that so many Americans oppose and oppose in-tensely. 
That has been one debate, but I am 
not sure I have seen any of my col-leagues come to the floor to explain why they voted to filibuster a vote on the President’s agreement with Iran; why they voted to deprive the Amer-ican people of a right to be heard through their representatives in the Senate on the substance of the deal— not a procedural move but the sub-stance of the deal; why they are letting 
the White House continually press to usurp their constitutional authority to weigh in and make foreign policy for our country; why they have done a 180- degree turn after voting for Corker- Cardin, saying that we need to vote on this, that the American people and their voices need to be heard on the substance of this deal, and then voting to stifle these same voices by sup-porting a filibuster. 
I have been trying to see what the ra-
tionale of this is. Certainly there seems to be one where the White House says they should be doing this in order to spare the President the embarrassment of having to veto a bipartisan majority resolution of disapproval of the Iran deal. There are other press reports say-ing the filibuster happened to protect President Obama’s legacy. 
With due respect to the President, he 
will be gone—he will be moving on in a little over a year and a half—but the security implications of this dangerous deal will be something the American people—our kids and maybe even our grandkids—will be living with for years. This issue is much bigger than any so-called Obama legacy. 
Today I have heard many of my col-
leagues come to the floor and say the agreement has already been voted on. I am a new Member of this body, but I am not sure that is exactly the case. The agreement has not been voted on. My colleagues have not held an up-or- down vote on this agreement. They are actually avoiding voting up or down on this agreement with their filibuster. They know it, and they should be clear on this point with the American peo-ple. 
I think this body is making history 
during this debate. It appears that for the first time in U.S. history, an im-mensely important U.S. foreign policy agreement will move forward with a partisan minority of support in both Houses of Congress. For the first time in U.S. history on an agreement that is critical to our national security, the agreement will advance not on the basis of a vote on substance—a major-ity vote on substance—but on the basis of a filibuster, a procedural vote. And for the first time in U.S. history, the President of the United States sought the vote of foreign nations, including the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism, in approving and implementing a major foreign policy agreement and then fought the vote of the American people to weigh in on that same agree-ment. 
Yes, the Senate is making history on 
the President’s Iran deal, but it is not a history we should be proud of. It is history, I fear, that will be remembered for undermining our national security and the U.S. Constitution. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I want to 
supplement my remarks from last week with some insights from Alan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.039 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6685 September 16, 2015 
Dershowitz’s book ‘‘The Case Against 
the Iran Deal.’’ All of us received a copy of this last week. I read it last week. 
Incidentally, Mr. Dershowitz has 
been a consultant to several Presi-dential commissions and has advised Presidents, U.N. officials, Prime Min-isters, Governors, Senators, and Mem-bers of Congress. He has sold more than 1 million copies of his books worldwide in a dozen different languages, and he is a law professor emeritus at Harvard. He is an accomplished attorney and has been active in politics. I make that point because Mr. Dershowitz endorsed President Obama in 2008. So I think his comments might be particularly tell-ing. 
I want to start by discussing the 
point Mr. Dershowitz makes that I find the most intriguing. ‘‘The President is not the Commander in Chief of Foreign Policy.’’ Mr. Dershowitz notes that the Constitution does not make the Presi-dent Commander in Chief, period; rath-er, article II, section 2, clause 1 of the Constitution makes the President ‘‘Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into actual Service of the United States.’’ 
Mr. Dershowitz points out that this 
language does not make the President Commander in Chief for purposes of diplomatic negotiations, and his in-volvement in international diplomacy is as chief negotiator whose delibera-tions are subject to the checks and bal-ances of the legislative and judicial branches. Specifically, Mr. Dershowitz writes that the President ‘‘cannot make a treaty without the approval of two-thirds of the Senate. He cannot ap-point ambassadors without the consent of the Senate.’’ And this is probably the most important one: ‘‘And he can-not terminate sanctions that were im-posed by Congress without Congress changing the law. . . . Our Constitu-tion separates the powers of govern-ment—the power to command—into three coequal branches.’’ Mr. Dershowitz goes on to describe the President’s actual constitutional role as the ‘‘head of the executive branch of our tripod government that stands on three equal legs.’’ 
I would remind my colleagues that 
this argument is being made by a prominent scholar on U.S. constitu-tional law. 
This point reminds me of what a 
former colleague who carried a copy of the Constitution in his pocket said in June of 2004. When debating the 2004 Omnibus appropriations conference re-port, Senator Byrd said: 
Why so deferential to presidents? Under 
the Constitution, we have three separate but equal branches of government. . . . How many of us know that the executive branch is but the equal of the legislative branch— not above it, not below it, but equal. 
I wonder what the former Senator 
from West Virginia would think of the ways the President has sought to di-minish the role of Congress with regard 
to the Iran deal. 
According to Mr. Dershowitz, those 
actions include declaring the Iran agreement to be an ‘‘executive agree-ment’’ instead of a treaty or joint agreement, promising to veto any con-gressional rejection of the deal, agree-ing to submit the deal to the U.N. Se-curity Council before Congress consid-ered it, trying to marginalize oppo-nents of the deal as politically moti-vated, and describing the only alter-natives to the deal as Iran quickly de-veloping nuclear weapons or war with Iran. 
Another discussion I found inter-
esting in ‘‘The Case Against the Iran Deal’’ relates to the President’s asser-tion that if we don’t accept this deal with Iran, the only other option is war. Mr. Dershowitz argues that this ‘‘sort of thinking out loud empowers the Ira-nian negotiators to demand more and compromise less, because they be-lieve—and have been told by American supporters of the deal—that the United States has no alternative but to agree to a deal that is acceptable to the Ira-nians.’’ 
He also writes that while numerous 
administration officials have said ‘‘no deal is better than a bad deal’’ with Iran, he views the United States as ne-gotiating on the belief that the worst possible outcome would be no deal. 
In addition, Mr. Dershowitz notes 
that ‘‘diplomacy is better than war, but bad diplomacy can cause bad wars’’ and points out that Israeli, French, Saudi, and other leaders have expressed concern ‘‘that the Iranian leadership is playing for time—that they want to make insignificant concessions in ex-change for significant reductions in the sanctions that are crippling their econ-omy.’’ 
That leads me to Israeli Prime Min-
ister Benjamin Netanyahu’s 2013 United Nations speech, which Mr. Dershowitz argues was distorted by the New York Times. 
The Prime Minister said: 
Last Friday, [Iranian President Hassan] 
Rohani assured us that in pursuit of its nu-clear program, Iran—this is a quote—Iran has never chosen deceit and secrecy, never chosen deceit and secrecy. Well, in 2002 Iran was caught red-handed secretly building an underground centrifuge facility in Natanz. And then in 2009 Iran was again caught red- handed secretly building a huge underground nuclear facility for uranium enrichment in a mountain near Qom. 
What strikes me about the Prime 
Minister’s words is that they give us a clear picture of whom we are dealing with in Iran. And if we need more evi-dence, just last week Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, predicted that Israel will not exist in 25 years and referred to the United States as the Great Satan. What level of trust can we have for this regime? Even if this agreement were a good deal for the United States, what makes us think Iran will abide by the terms of the deal? In other words, do you trust Iran? And to be clear, this is not a good deal. As Mr. Dershowitz writes, ‘‘All rea-
sonable, thinking people should under-stand that weakening the sanctions against Iran without demanding that they dismantle their nuclear weapons program is a prescription for disaster.’’ 
Mr. Dershowitz goes on to ask if we 
have learned nothing from North Korea and from Neville Chamberlain. For those in the Chamber who are not his-tory buffs, let me explain how I inter-pret Mr. Dershowitz’s question. 
In 1994, the United States and North 
Korea agreed to a roadmap for the denuclearization of the Korean Penin-sula. Several rounds of six-party talks were held between 2003 and 2009, but North Korea continues nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches. The President seems to be heading down a similar path with Iran. 
As for Neville Chamberlain, he was 
the British Prime Minister when Eng-land entered World War II. He is best known for his policy of appeasing Ger-many in advance of World War II, sign-ing the Munich Pact that gave part of then-Czechoslovakia to Germany. Hit-ler violated that pact and invaded Czechoslovakia, then Poland. Should we expect a stronger commitment to this deal from a country whose Su-preme Leader refers to the United States as Satan? 
How can Mr. Dershowitz label this 
deal as a prescription for disaster? He does so by pointing out the ‘‘enormous difference between a deal that merely delays Iran’s development of a nuclear arsenal for a period of years and a deal that prevents Iran from ever devel-oping a nuclear arsenal.’’ Mr. Dershowitz says that if this deal is meant to prevent Iran from ever devel-oping nuclear weapons, the President must clearly say so and the Iranians must agree with that interpretation. That has not happened. 
How did we get to such a bad deal? 
Mr. Dershowitz says the first mistake was taking the military option off the table when the administration declared that they weren’t militarily capable of ending Iran’s nuclear weapons pro-gram. He says the second mistake was taking the current sanction regimen off the table by acknowledging that many of our partners would reduce or eliminate sanctions. Lastly, he says we took rejection of the deal off the table by indicating that rejecting a deal would be worse than accepting a ques-tionable deal. Mr. Dershowitz writes that ‘‘these three concessions left our negotiators with little leverage and provided their Iranian counterparts with every incentive to demand more compromise from us.’’ He adds that our negotiators ‘‘caved early and often be-cause the Iranians knew we desperately need a deal to implement President Obama’s world vision and enhance his legacy.’’ 
While this deal might implement the 
President’s world vision in the near term, I question whether it will en-hance his legacy because I do not think it makes the United States or the world more safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.040 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6686 September 16, 2015 
I am disappointed that the President 
didn’t submit this deal to us as a trea-ty for our approval. I am disappointed that the minority has filibustered even allowing us to vote on disapproving the deal. I wish we had paid more attention to the fact that sanctions put in place by Congress have to be terminated by Congress, not by the President. 
I urge all of my colleagues to read 
Mr. Dershowitz’s book because I think it provides some invaluable insights and might change their thinking. I think we need a different outcome. 
I thank the leader for the amend-
ments he has put up that will make a difference. I think one of those should have been done before any negotia-tions, and that is that the American hostages be released. That would have been a good starting point. They should have walked away several times to show that the deal was in favor of Iran rather than the United States. It has to be some of the world’s worst ne-gotiating. 
I hope everyone will read Mr. 
Dershowitz’s book, ‘‘The Case Against the Iran Deal.’’ We all got a copy. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I come 
before the Senate to discuss the agree-ment that is being proposed between the United States, the other members of the P5+1 nations, and Iran with re-gard to Iran’s capacity to build a nu-clear weapon. 
I strongly oppose this agreement for 
a number of different reasons. Before I get into the specifics of those reasons, I need to back up a little bit. About 2 years ago, I served on the banking committee. I don’t think most people in America realize that the banking committee has jurisdiction over the sanctions legislation which deals with Iran and other sanctions legislation throughout the world. 
Over the years, we have developed a 
very powerful and effective sanctions regime with regard to Iran. This re-gime involved not only the United States but the participation and agree-ment of nations around the globe, in-cluding sanctions that were followed by us through the United Nations. 
Those sanctions—after having had 
four or five different versions of them, increasingly tightening them down— had worked very effectively to cause Iran to need to come to the negotiating table. I think most Americans realize that the reason Iran came to the nego-tiating table was the fact that our sanctions were working. 
In fact, a couple of years ago, we had 
another version of new sanctions legis-lation to tighten down our sanctions even further and increase the leverage that the United States had on Iran in order to try to cause Iran to not only 
come to the negotiating table but also to agree to stop development of a nu-clear weapon. 
At that time, the President asked the 
banking committee—I was the ranking member at the time—to pull back our proposed new sanctions legislation. He 
gave us his explanation, which is the fact that he wanted to open up new ne-gotiations with Iran and did not want to cause an offense that would cause Iran to back away from the negotiating table. I disagreed at the time. In fact, my position was that if the United States wanted to go into negotiations, we should have Congress pushing for a new round of sanctions legislation so the President could say honestly and effectively to Iran that we needed to get a workable deal put together or we had a Congress that was ready to move forward with ever-increasing and more effective sanctions. Instead, the Presi-dent said no. I understand that his party controlled the Senate at that point in time and we could not get the chairman at that point to agree to move the legislation forward, even though the chairman and I had worked together with the other sponsors of the legislation to develop it. At that time, it was my position that if the United States was going to withdraw its lever-age through increasing sanctions legis-lation, that we should at least ask for some kind of a good-faith effort on the part of the Iranians as we were exer-cising the right to withdraw our sanc-tions legislation. 
So it was my position that we at 
least should have asked for the release of our prisoners. Most Americans are aware that we have four political pris-oners—at least four—in Iran today who are being wrongfully held. One of them, Pastor Saeed Abedini, is from Idaho. He has been held illegally in Iran now since 2012. In addition, we have Robert Levinson, who is a retired FBI agent, missing since 2007; Jason Rezaian from the Washington Post, a reporter, held since 2014; and Amir Hekmati, a former marine, who has been held since 2011. Yet the administration would not ask for the release of these prisoners as a token of good faith in return for start-ing the negotiations, even though we were willing to withdraw our efforts to impose new sanctions in an effort to start these negotiations. I felt that was a mistake from the outset. The United States gave up its leverage and refused to ask for a concession as we moved forward in these negotiations. Yet it has set a pattern for what has hap-pened since. 
Well, I think everyone knows the his-
tory from that time forward. We did engage in negotiations. It is important to note that at that time, the Presi-dent assured—he assured us—that he would not enter into an agreement that would allow Iran to ever have a 
nuclear weapon and that we would have ironclad inspection and verifica-tion regimes in place to assure that. 
So where are we today? We are now 
faced with an agreement that cements in place Iran’s nuclear stockpiles, that effectively allows Iran to develop a nu-
clear weapon over time, even if it com-plies with the agreement, and does not have any kind of an effective sanctions regime. I strongly oppose this agree-ment. 
During the remainder of my remarks, 
I wish to go through four or five crit-ical reasons Congress should reject this agreement. First, it does not prohibit Iran from obtaining a nuclear bomb. Second, it does not provide ironclad in-spections and verification procedures. Third, it provides sanctions relief that is almost certain to result in increased terrorism around the globe. Fourth, it dangerously and needlessly lifts unre-lated, nonnuclear embargoes. Fifth, it contains inexcusable and dangerous omissions. Finally, it will create insta-bility in the Middle East and effec-tively a new regional arms race, dan-gerous to the entire world. 
Let me go back through these. First, 
it does not prohibit Iran from obtain-ing a nuclear bomb. Even if Iran com-plies with the agreement, which it does not have a very good record of doing with regard to its agreements, it will still be able to develop a nuclear weap-on. The agreement fails to roll back Iran’s nuclear development program beyond a 1-year breakout period. 
For 10 years, the agreement will only 
include IR–4, IR–5, IR–6, and IR–8 cen-trifuges. Now, this is getting into the weeds, but this is a level of centrifuge development that Iran has already been working on and engaging in. And the agreement says—and this is ex-actly from the agreement—‘‘For 10 years will only include the IR–4, IR–5, IR–6, and IR–8 centrifuges as laid out in Annex 1.’’ In other words, the only application of the agreement is to these centrifuges during a 10-year pe-riod. 
During the 10 years, ‘‘Iran will con-
tinue testing IR–6 and IR–8 centrifuges, and will commence testing of up to 30 IR–6 and IR–8 centrifuges, as detailed 
in Annex I.’’ 
It does not dismantle any of its nu-
clear sites of concern, which are the sites at Arak, Natanz, and Fordow. None of them is dismantled. It recog-
nizes Iran as a de facto nuclear state. And with all of the centrifuges that Iran now has, is it required to destroy them? No. It simply has to disconnect them and store them in another room. Iran is allowed to keep 6,000 centrifuges and 300 kilograms of uranium. Iran is allowed to conduct nuclear research and development during the terms of the agreement, and, in fact, amazingly the United States commits to assist Iran with its nuclear research and de-velopment in developing its own nu-clear technology and infrastructure. 
That is not even the end. One of the 
provisions of the agreement which I find most outrageous is that it requires the United States Government to op-pose State and local sanctions against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.042 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6687 September 16, 2015 
Iran and amazingly to help ‘‘strength-
en Iran’s ability to protect against, and respond to nuclear security threats, in-cluding sabotage, as well as to enable effective and sustainable nuclear secu-rity and physical protection systems.’’ In other words, if Iran develops nuclear weapons capacity, this seems to imply that the United States will need to help Iran protect its capacity. 
I am sure the argument will be made 
that this is only to help Iran develop its peaceful nuclear weapons capacity, but the agreement isn’t clear. At a minimum, these kinds of things should have been made clear in the agree-ment. 
So let’s look at the inspections. As-
suming that Iran will comply with its one-sentence agreement that it will not build a nuclear bomb for 10 years, does the verification system that we have adopted prohibit that? Well, the agreement does not provide ironclad inspections and verification. I think Americans are increasingly becoming aware that not only do we not know what the inspection regime is, the United States does not participate in the inspection regime. The inspection is turned over to the United Nations. The IAEA, the committee under the United Nations that does these kinds of inspections, is in charge, and the IAEA has entered into side agreements with Iran that it will not disclose to the United States or any other country. Some of the information we are start-ing to see about it, if it is accurate— and we don’t know if it is accurate— but it seems to imply that Iran will not even allow the IAEA inspectors onsite. It is going to provide its own samples. These are concerns that are serious. Yet we cannot even confirm them, and Congress is being asked to deal with this issue without even having all of the agreement in front of us. 
Moreover, as we move forward in this 
process, we have identified that the sites are identified as two different kinds. There are declared sites. Those are the ones that Iran admits exists. As to declared sites, Iran must first draw up a list and tell us what they are. We don’t have onsite inspection to deter-mine that. As to undeclared sites, Iran is permitted to negotiate for at least 14 days for the IAEA to say we have a site that we think there is, but we are not sure, and Iran is allowed to negotiate whether there is such a site. If the IAEA and Iran cannot agree to a joint inspection of a suspected new site, then there can be further delays, taking up to 54 days before anybody would be able to take a look at these sites. 
Again, we don’t know whether those 
persons then required to look at these sites will be Iranians showing the United Nations inspectors what they want them to see or whether they will be United Nations inspectors, but we are pretty sure we know they aren’t going to be U.S. inspectors. 
The bottom line is that we have a 
very weak inspection regime that is al-most certain to result in the same out-comes we have seen for the last 10 
years, as we have tried to inspect and monitor Iran’s development activities on its nuclear weapons. 
That brings me to the third issue, 
which is sanctions relief. Iran does get major sanctions relief under this agree-ment. Iran is regarded as one of the top, if not the top, sponsors in the world of terrorism—the top state spon-sor of international terrorism. Many have said Iran has been connected to hundreds of U.S. service personnel deaths in Iraq. Some say more Ameri-cans have died in Iraq because of Ira-nian state-sponsored terrorism and other activities than any other source. 
We lift economic sanctions that we 
have been putting onto Iran. There is some debate about what the value of 
those sanctions are, but the estimate that I think is fair is approximately $100 billion will be released to Iran very quickly under this agreement. Just by comparison, $100 billion to Iran, in terms of the size of its economy, is ap-proximately the same as $4.25 trillion to the United States respecting our economy. It is about one-quarter of Iran’s economy. Those who say Iran will simply use these sanctions relief dollars in order to strengthen their economy ignore the reality that Iran today has a weak economy because of our sanctions and it is plowing money into sponsoring terrorism. There is no question that these dollars are going to result in an increased support of ter-rorism across the globe. 
Next, the agreement dangerously and 
needlessly lifts unrelated, nonnuclear embargoes. As we were dealing with all of these issues I have just discussed as the negotiations were moving forward, at the very end we find out that in order to complete the deal, Iran and Russia introduced new unrelated issues that the administration willingly con-ceded to. We lifted the existing conven-tional weapons embargoes on Iran and we lifted the ballistic missile embar-goes on Iran. Russia is already today going forward with selling advanced S– 300 surface-to-air missiles to Iran, making future military action increas-ingly more difficult. 
The next issue is that the agreement 
contains inexcusable and dangerous omissions. First, as I said at the out-set, it does not free Pastor Abedini and the other Americans who are detained in Iran. Secondly, it does not recognize Israel’s right to exist. Third, it limits nuclear research for 10 years and frank-ly does not assure, as I have indicated earlier, that we don’t have violations of the agreement before 10 years. 
It does not require an accounting of 
past nuclear weapons cheating by Iran, meaning it does not require them to disclose where their facilities are. It does not require disclosure of the mili-tary component of Iran’s nuclear pro-gram. What this means is that Iran has given us no information about its mili-tary facilities and has said that its military sites are off-limits. Now, where would we expect Iran to build a nuclear bomb? It does not address Iran’s existing 
ballistic missile capacity, and it does not ban ballistic missile development. We don’t know what its capacity is and we no longer ban them from developing their capacity further. In fact, we have lifted the ballistic missile embargoes. The agreement does not require Iran to stop sponsoring international ter-rorism. The agreement is deficient in so many different ways. 
Finally, the agreement creates insta-
bility in the Middle East and a new re-gional arms race. One hundred billion dollars is an immediate windfall to Iran, a portion of which the adminis-tration acknowledges will wind up in the hands of international terrorist groups targeting Americans and our al-lies. That money will be made avail-able to Iran shortly. 
Neighboring States have already said 
they are going to have to accelerate their own nuclear enrichment pro-grams to counter Iran. Recognizing the new threats to Iran’s regional neigh-bors, the President himself wrote to Congress on September 2 to announce stepped-up security enhancement for our Middle East allies, further evidence that the agreement is destabilizing and requires increased military commit-ments in the region. 
Having abandoned the ‘‘no notice’’ 
inspections requirement, the adminis-tration has agreed to permit a process for contested sites that could stretch for weeks or months before inspectors step a foot into the facility, if they are even able to do so at all. Some experts acknowledge that window is sufficient to hide or remove any kind of incrimi-nating evidence of smaller illicit ac-tivities crucial to weapons develop-ment. 
Other states in the region—Egypt 
and Saudi Arabia—have already sig-naled that they are going to embark on a nuclear weapons program, sparking a new arms race. The possibility of fur-ther instability in the Middle East does not serve our national security inter-ests or give the American people com-fort. 
We cannot forget that Iran is a re-
gime with a history of sponsoring ter-rorism against Americans and our al-lies and which continues to threaten the existence of Israel. This agreement changes the U.S. policy toward Iran but does very little, if anything, to change Iran’s aggressive nature. 
The Iranian leaders have already re-
newed their threats to Israel, and con-tinue to call the United States the Great Satan and have publicly rejected the administration’s hope that the agreement will lead to better coopera-tion with Iran. 
So where are we? The United States Senate passed leg-
islation 98 to 1 saying that Congress should have a right to vote on this agreement. Twice already in these Sen-ate Chambers within the last week we have tried to bring that legislation up only to face a filibuster that has stopped us from even being able to vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.047 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6688 September 16, 2015 
on the agreement. Ninety-eight Sen-
ators voted to let Congress have a right to vote on this agreement, and 42 of them voted twice now in the last week to refuse to let us bring the agreement before the Senate to vote on it. 
So today we are facing yet another 
effort. Today the issue before the Sen-ate is a provision that would say the agreement cannot go into effect until Iran recognizes Israel’s right to exist and until Iran frees the four political prisoners whom I identified. Once again we are facing a threat of a filibuster. 
As I indicated, this agreement is dan-
gerous. It is dangerous to the security interests of the United States. It is dangerous to the security interests of the world. It is destabilizing in the Middle East, and it contains very, very serious potential consequences for the future security of all Americans, and, frankly, of people throughout the world. 
This is a critical time. This is a 
monumentally important decision, and I encourage all of my colleagues to let us simply bring the agreement forward for a vote. A critical issue such as this should not be stopped from even being brought forward for a vote in the Sen-ate. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. I want to thank my colleague for his speech. I will be echoing a lot of the same points that he has made. 
I think that it is a critical time. This 
is important. It is important for the young people around this country to know what kind of a future they are going to have, and I think he has lined it out very well, and this week, I think, will be critically important in terms of the decisions that we make as a coun-try. 
In May, the Senate passed the Iran 
Nuclear Agreement Review Act by a vote of 98 to 1. You don’t see too many 98-to-1 votes in this Chamber. Sixty-six Senators cosponsored this legislation. The principal reason for this over-whelming bipartisan support was the desire to give Congress, the voice of the people, the opportunity to weigh in on the President’s agreement with Iran. 
We have been working together now 
for 4 months across the aisle to ensure that the opportunity for Congress to review this agreement comes forward. Yet I am severely disappointed, as my colleague expressed, that 42 of our col-leagues have now voted twice to deny the Senate the ability to take a simple up-or-down vote on this very important resolution—a simple vote to say ex-actly how they feel, to make sure ev-erybody in the country and in your State knows your opinion, and yet 42 of them are blocking that simple vote. 
Iran’s supreme leader said earlier 
this month that he expects Iran’s par-liament to vote on whether their coun-try will approve the nuclear agree-ment. At the very least we should have that up-or-down vote. Certainly this agreement is also worthy of this vote. 
Our constituents expect us to vote on this matter. Multiple national surveys have shown that the Iran nuclear agreement is opposed by either a plu-rality or a majority of the American people, and any support this agreement had, as you look at the national poll-ing, is disintegrating. 
A recent poll in my State shows that 
opponents of this deal outnumber sup-porters by a margin of 3 to 1. Yet I am not going to have the opportunity to vote my vote of disapproval of this agreement because of the obstruc-tionism on the other side. In fact, when President Obama said that there was strong support for this deal among law-makers and citizens, the Washington Post fact-checker awarded him three Pinocchios. We all know what Pinocchio was famous for, and that was the growing of his nose when he wasn’t telling the truth. Three Pinocchios— that’s a lot of skepticism about the President’s statement. 
There is bipartisan opposition to the 
Iran nuclear agreement in Congress, but only partisan and tepid support. Our colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives voted last week on a reso-lution approving this agreement. That resolution received only 162 votes, all from the Democratic Party. There was opposition by 260 House Members, in-cluding 25 Democrats. Here in the Sen-ate, more Democrats joined with Re-publicans to support moving forward on an up-or-down vote on this resolu-tion of disapproval. 
It is important to recognize the 
depth of bipartisan opposition to the President’s agreement with Iran. Many of the Democrats who have been oppos-ing this deal have tremendous experi-ence in foreign policy matters. In the House of Representatives, the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, the ranking Democratic mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee and the ranking member on the Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa all voted against approv-ing this agreement. 
In the Senate, the former chairman 
of the Foreign Relations Committee and the committee’s current ranking member are among the Democrats who oppose this agreement. They have joined Republicans on the floor in seek-ing an up-or-down vote on this agree-ment. The senior Democratic foreign policy leaders and every Republican in both chambers of Congress oppose this deal, and they have made their reasons clear. 
The President’s agreement fails to 
make America safer, quite frankly. It is not likely to eliminate Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon, and the agreement will hurt the security situation that is rapidly deteriorating in the Middle East, especially in Israel. 
We have not seen the two side agree-
ments between the IAEA and Iran. We have not seen those. We don’t know what is in them. We are supposed to have seen everything, and these side agreements, we think, include impor-
tant provisions about suspected Ira-nian nuclear sites. We already know that Iran will have the ability to delay inspectors’ access to other sites for more than 3 weeks. We were supposed to get anytime, anywhere inspections. This benchmark falls severely short of that. 
The combination of the cash from 
sanctions relief—anywhere from $50 billion to $150 billion, so I will go right in the middle and say $100 billion—the end of the arms embargo in 5 years, the end of the international restrictions on Iran’s ballistic missile program in 8 years will strengthen Iran’s ability to cause trouble in the Middle East and around the world. 
Think about this. I think about 
this—the country of Iran with another $100 billion. Under the sanctions that have been imposed, Iran has expressed concern about the health and welfare of their people. Yet even under that sanctions domain they are still foment-ing terror around the Middle East. What will they do with $100 billion? I think it is pretty clear what their in-tentions will be. 
International sanctions that have 
helped bring Iran to the negotiating table will be difficult to snap back into place in the event of violation of the agreement. Nothing snaps anywhere here in Washington, DC, and sanctions can’t snap back, so that defies reason. This will lessen our leverage to ensure Iran’s compliance. 
Despite these serious flaws, it ap-
pears, based on the two failed cloture votes the Senate has taken thus far, that a partisan minority is prepared to thwart the bipartisan majority and move forward with the agreement. 
Leader M
CCONNELL has filed an 
amendment that would block sanctions relief until Iran both recognizes Israel’s right to exist and releases American political prisoners. While that amendment will not cure the flaws of Iran’s agreement, it does rep-resent commonsense policy that should receive overwhelming support. 
Regardless of their views on the sub-
stance of a nuclear Iran, I think most Americans would agree that before we provide tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief to Iran, the Iranian government should have to recognize Israel’s right to exist and should re-lease our four American political pris-oners. 
Just last week, as the Senate was de-
bating the Iranian nuclear agreement, the Iranian leader posted on Twitter his view that Israel would not exist in 25 years. That underscores, again, what a serious problem Iran is to our most important ally, and that is Israel. 
Even proponents of the nuclear 
agreement have recognized that Iran is likely to use at least some of the funds they received from sanctions relief to strengthen their military and continue 
to finance terrorism. If this windfall is going to be provided to Iran, then en-suring Iran recognizes Israel’s right to exist is the least we would ask. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6689 September 16, 2015 
Equally important is securing the re-
lease of our four American political prisoners held by Iran. I get this ques-tion at home all the time. Why was this not part of the bargaining? Why were we not asking for the release of our Americans before we moved for-ward? Frankly, I don’t think the ad-ministration answered that question, and I don’t have the answer to that question. Tomorrow we will have the opportunity to express our wishes. We should not provide sanctions relief to Iran without the release of the hos-tages. 
The Senate will have the opportunity 
to decide whether to move forward with the McConnell amendment tomor-row. Those who have prevented a vote on the merits of the nuclear agreement have it in their power to block a vote on the McConnell amendment as well, but let’s be clear on what that would mean. If a minority of the Senate blocks a vote on the McConnell amend-ment, then they will allow the Presi-dent to provide sanctions relief to Iran without securing Israel’s right to exist and without the release of our Ameri-cans. 
I believe the President’s agreement 
with Iran should be rejected by the Senate, and we are going to have an-other opportunity to vote on cloture to allow the Senate to take a true up-or- down vote on that agreement. But even my colleagues who support the nuclear agreement should vote to protect Israel and bring our Americans home before providing that sanctions relief. 
I hope our colleagues will reexamine 
their positions on cloture and allow the Senate to do what we have come here to do, to take the tough votes, to let people know how we feel, to show our commitment and our passion, and to have our voices and their voices heard. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
REFUGEE CRISIS  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am always a little more than awed and inspired to be here on the floor of the United States Senate, a place that my father never could have predicted that I would be when he came here in 1935, an immigrant, fleeing persecution in Germany at 17 years old with not much more than the shirt on his back, speak-ing no English, and knowing virtually no one. This country gave him a chance to succeed. This great country opened its arms to him, much as the Statue of Liberty did, when he entered this country through Ellis Island. 
We are a nation of immigrants and of 
refugees. It has given us strength. Our diversity is what makes America the greatest, strongest country in the his-tory of the world. 
Sadly, the kind of displacement that 
caused him to come to this country is far from unprecedented. This country has opened its arms again and again and again, generation after generation, to provide for refugees displaced by war and oppression. Inhumane dictators, territorial disputes, environmental 
degradation, all are contributing now more than ever to the largest refugee crisis since World War II. 
We are going through a humanitarian 
crisis in this country. Part of it is due to the brutality and inhumanity of the Assad regime in Syria, the horrors un-leashed by ISIL in Syria and Iraq. Neighboring countries have been over-whelmed by fleeing refugees. 
During my Middle East trip in July 
2013 with Senator M
CCAINand others, I 
visited a refugee camp in Jordan that houses many of these refugees and, since my visit, the situation has only worsened significantly. 
Syria alone has produced an esti-
mated 4 million registered refugees— those are the individual ones counted— in addition to the 7.6 million internally displaced people. 
Turkey bears the brunt of this ref-
ugee crisis, housing nearly 2 million of them. Lebanon shelters over 1.1 million refugees, while Jordan has taken 600,000 or more, and Egypt recently ex-ceeded the 130,000 mark. 
These numbers are abstract. For 
every one of them, there is a human voice and a face. Many are children barely able to comprehend the fate that has befallen them. This year alone, Germany is expecting 800,000 asylum seekers, a marked increase from 626,000 in 2014 and 431,000 in 2013. Again, these numbers have impact on those countries, on their populations. 
We met this morning with the Am-
bassadors of the European countries to hear about that impact on them and about their plans to do even more. 
The Atlantic Ocean separates us from 
this crisis physically, but morally we have no separation at all. The desta-bilizing effect of that massive displace-ment ultimately affects us as well, our national security, and the stability of regions where we have a vital economic stake and a moral obligation. 
I strongly support a policy of Amer-
ican generosity and humanitarian re-lief toward those refugees seeking to escape the untenable and unlivable conditions in Syria and Iraq. Exactly what steps this Nation should take will be a matter of contention and con-tinuing debate, but clearly, we have ob-ligations—moral obligations, self-in-terested obligations, economic obliga-tions—to the men, women, and chil-dren who have walked hundreds of miles in search of safety and security and to the countries currently search-ing for ways to accommodate them. 
Our obligation is multifaceted. First, 
we have provided $4 billion in aid— which is real money—to countries where those refugees now live tempo-rarily in camps. But humanitarian aid is desperately needed in greater amounts and rising magnitude in coun-tries where refugees are flowing fast. Regional countries, including Turkey and Jordan, as well as the European Union, must be able to provide refugee camps that provide basic necessities for people to live, with adequate food, water, shelter, clothing, education, and 
other elements of a safe and stable life for adults but also for children who can be seen running, laughing, playing in these camps in the most rudimentary of conditions. 
The United States must show inter-
national leadership as well in ensuring the availability of resources from other nations that, frankly, have failed to meet the test of moral and political ob-ligation. Saudi Arabia is one. The Gulf States are others. Our allies in this re-gion must fulfill their obligation to do more and to do their part in assisting those fleeing war and bringing about a diplomatic resolution to the crisis. The absence of these nations from this challenge is reprehensible and regret-table. Ultimately, Syria must seek and achieve a resolution internally but, in the meantime, its neighbors have an obligation to do more. 
I applaud the President’s announce-
ment that the United States will reset-tle approximately 10,000 Syrian refu-gees within our borders next year. As my colleague from Illinois, Senator D
URBIN , has said this step is certainly 
in the right direction. But increasing the number of refugees coming here is an insufficient response alone if we fail to provide the expanded capacity and services that are necessary to effec-tively resettle and bring to this coun-try refugees fleeing their homeland. Our focus should be on devising an ef-fective program so that candidates for resettlement can have that hope with-out waiting years for assistance. Now, under the present system, they are waiting here. 
In particular, I wish to cite a group 
of refugees that merits the special con-science and conviction of this Nation. They are the refugees—mostly women and young girls—who are victims of what the New York Times, in an ex-traordinary report, has called enshrin-ing the theology of rape. 
These girls and women have been 
enslaved. They are members of the Yazidi community. This New York Times report shows the systematic en-slavement and rape of women and chil-dren held in the territory that ISIL controls. Approximately 5,000 Yazidis have been abducted by ISIL and 2,700 remain in captivity. 
These reports, which are shocking 
and horrifying, challenge our con-science to do more. Nobody reading them can think of our daughters, the women in our family, without revul-sion and shock. At the end of this week, several of my colleagues and I will be sending a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry urging him to take further action to help the Yazidis, the Christians, and other religious minori-ties who have been systematically kid-napped, enslaved, tortured, raped, and brutalized by ISIL simply because of their faith. 
We talk a great deal on the floor in 
this body, in this building, and in this country about faith. The horror of this persecution calls to our conscience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.050 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6690 September 16, 2015 
I am calling on the State Department 
to declare religious minorities as pro-tected, priority groups, able to seek refugee assistance within Iraq’s bor-ders. As of now, the only Iraqis allowed to leave the country with assistance in this way are the people who have been affiliated with the U.S. Government during the war. That category should 
be expanded to include these refugees. 
Second, I am calling on Secretary 
Kerry to improve the in-country proc-essing for refugee claims in Iraq, spe-cifically, the time required for that processing. The estimated time for Iraqis who served alongside U.S. mili-tary personnel is at the unacceptably high rate of 5 years to 8 years. This issue has been brought to me by nu-merous veterans—Iraq and Afghanistan veterans—who owe their lives, in some cases, to the service of these Iraqi and Afghan colleagues. Yet they wait there 5 to 10 years simply to be processed to come here. We must assure timely ac-cess to refugee assistance for both Iraqis affiliated with the U.S. Govern-ment and Iraqis within persecuted reli-gious minorities such as the Yazidis and Christians. There is mounting, ir-refutable evidence of that persecution on a scale that sometimes defies imagi-nation and comprehension. 
There are many ways the State De-
partment can accelerate processing times: Double the number from 10 to 20 of in-country State Department per-sonnel processing Iraqi refugees; con-sult with the Department of Homeland Security on the use of video interviews, consistent with security requirements, to be conducted in addition to the in- person interviews currently required; identify a nongovernmental organiza-tion to work with the U.S. Embassy to identify and screen religious minorities seeking refugee assistance in Erbil; and establish a facility in Erbil where the U.S. Government can conduct refugee processing. These steps are not particu-larly complicated or ingenuous; they are common sense. 
The United States has a proud, moral 
tradition and heritage of aiding refu-gees. That tradition and heritage are epitomized by the Statue of Liberty and by Ellis Island. The Nation has not always lived up to the high standards that have been set for it by us. We are still very much a work in progress, and there are times in our history when we have failed the high test of morality. 
But the Statue of Liberty stands tall 
at our harbor and embodies what is best about our Nation. We are a nation of immigrants truly because we wel-come the tired and hungry, yearning to be free. We need to demonstrate the international leadership that has made us proud in the past to establish a new, inconclusive vision for Syria; to abate this refugee crisis; to provide a path for them to come here; and to provide them, consistent with our security, the opportunities that fathers, mothers, grandfathers and grandmothers had— going back in history, all of us have come here from somewhere else, or al-most all of us—and humane and effec-
tive policies that help us to keep alive that great tradition and heritage, serv-ing millions of people who are tired, weary, yearning to be free and seek that lamp beside the golden door. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa is recognized. 
(The remarks of Mr. G
RASSLEY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 2043 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am here today for the 111th time in my ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ series urging this body to wake up to climate change. It is happening all around us, and it is happening right now, not in some dis-tant future. The warnings of what is to come if we fail to act are sobering. 
Congress has the ability and respon-
sibility to change the course we are on, but we can’t do it until Senate Repub-licans step up and start debating real solutions. Smart climate policy can align with conservative values—con-servative values, such as prudence in the face of risks, protection of property rights and individual liberty, and mar-ket-based solutions for solving prob-lems. 
Senator S
CHATZ and I have proposed 
a fee on carbon emissions, correcting a market failure that currently allows major emitters to pollute for free while forcing regular citizens to bear the physical and financial burden. Even if you are a tea-partier, why would you want a big special interest to be able to distort the energy market and make regular people pay the price for the harm they cause? Other than special interest politics, it makes no sense. 
This market incentive would work. It 
would reduce emissions. A recent re-port on our bill shows it will reduce carbon emissions 45 percent by 2030, more than the President’s Clean Power Plan does. It will also generate signifi-cant revenue—over $2 trillion over 10 years—to return to taxpayers. With $2 trillion, you can lower a lot of tax rates. 
I hope our Republican colleagues will 
give this bill a serious look. Former Congressman Bob Inglis, a dyed-in-the- wool conservative, described our bill not as an olive branch, but as an olive limb we have offered to Republicans. Yet still in this Chamber, all we hear from Republicans is equivocation and denial when it comes to climate change. We hear Republican Senators 
trumpet industry-backed reports that point to the costs of action, but ignore the terrible costs of inaction. They look at only one side of the ledger. If accountants did business that way, they would go to jail, but that is evi-dently good enough for Republicans in the climate debate. 
We hear Senators using cherry- 
picked data. They will take a graph that goes up and down, up and down on an upward trend and pick a high spot and a later low spot, and from those two selected points, they will say: Aha. See, there is no increase. 
An expert witness would be thrown 
out of court for that nonsense, but it is evidently good enough for Republicans for the climate debate. 
We hear Senators ducking and dodg-
ing on this issue, exclaiming they are not scientists, but then they will not listen to what they are being told by the people who are scientists. We hear deniers denigrate scientists, ignore basic established science, and venture into loopy conspiracy theories about a great hoax, one that the United States military and every American national laboratory and NASA are all evidently in on. Seriously? And they say this with no shame for the smear it implies of some of our most reputable sci-entists. Again, that is good enough for Republicans in the climate debate, I guess. 
We even had a Senator throw a snow-
ball on the Senate floor because he thought the continued existence of snow here somehow disproved climate change. Truly. I did not make that up. 
Meanwhile, what we see all around us 
shows us that this is happening. Sim-ple, straightforward measurements show that the climate is changing around us. 
One summary is the annual ‘‘State of 
the Climate’’ report by the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration and the American Mete-orological Society. The report reviews dozens of climate indicators—from ocean and air temperatures to extreme weather events. It doesn’t get into forecasts or projections. It discusses what we are observing and measuring now. The ‘‘State of the Climate’’ report shows that 2014 was a benchmark year for the climate, and not in a good way. The article in Bloomberg News summa-rizing the report’s findings was titled ‘‘The Freakish Year in Broken Climate Records.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this article be printed in the 
R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
Its author, Tom Randall, sums up the 
state of the climate with two words: ‘‘it’s ugly.’’ I have to agree. From record temperatures to record sea lev-els to changing weather to retreating glaciers, climate change is evident across an array of measurements and observations. We are watching our planet change before our very eyes. 
Let’s see what these measurements 
say. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.051 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6691 September 16, 2015 
Well, 2014 was another record year for 
global temperatures. NOAA and NASA both concluded that 2014 was the hot-test year since recordkeeping began in 1880. 
This chart shows where temperatures 
in 2014 were warmer than the 1981-to- 2010 average, which is shown in red, and blue shows where the temperatures were cooler than average. 
The eastern part of the United States 
and Canada was one of only a handful of places around the world that saw cooler-than-average temperatures. But while it was cool here in 2014, almost everywhere else in the world was feel-ing the heat. All you have to do is look at the data to see it. It is a massive sea of red. 
And 2014 does not stand alone; 17 of 
the 18 hottest years in the historical record have occurred in the last 18 years. The past decade was warmer than the one before that, which was warmer than the one before that, and so far 2015 is on track to be even hotter than 2014. All of this is measurement and straightforward fact. 
Of course, as humans, we don’t expe-
rience annual average changes in tem-perature, we experience the weather, and we are beginning to see climate change affect weather patterns all over the world. 
This chart shows the number of ex-
treme warm days and the number of extreme cold nights since 1960. The number of hot days, as we can see, is climbing, and the number of cold nights is decreasing. Both are symp-toms of a warming planet. This mat-ters because those very warm days pose human health risks and can be down-right dangerous for people who don’t have air conditioning, especially for the young, old, and infirm. Extreme heat can stunt crops and drive down yields, and it can stress livestock and other animals. 
Cool nights are important too. It is 
the cold nights of winter that help con-trol the mountain pine beetle, ticks, and other pests. With fewer cold nights, the mountain pine beetle has wreaked havoc over the west in the past few years. 
Last week, my colleagues on the Sen-
ate Climate Action Task Force and I heard from Dave Chadwick of the Mon-tana Wildlife Federation about climate change effects on the Montana’s hunt-ing industry, with hunters going to their favorite spots and no longer see-ing the game they used to see. 
Jill Ryan, the commissioner in Eagle 
County, CO, told us they are already seeing fewer ski days in her Rocky Mountain community—not good for Colorado’s iconic ski industry. 
In Maine and New Hampshire, out-of- 
control tick populations are attacking the region’s iconic moose. A single moose might now carry tens of thou-sands of ticks. It is sickening to see, and it is no good for the New Hamp-shire moose-watching industry. Yes, people actually do that. Between mud and snowmobile trails and fewer, sick-er, tick-encrusted moose, it ain’t look-
ing good. 
This chart shows how much water 
various glaciers around the world have lost each year since 1980. Last year the melting was equivalent to each glacier losing 33 inches right off the top. Look at these losses—31 consecutive years in a row of loss. 
Last year’s melt continues a sobering 
trend of heavier and heavier losses. The red line here shows the total amount of ice loss since 1980. It shows that glacial ice loss has been accelerated. Average losses were about 9 inches in the 1980s, 15 inches in the 1990s, and 29 inches in the 2000s. Again, this is measurement, folks, not conjecture. 
The oceans are warming. Why? Well, 
it is simple. As greenhouse gases trap heat in the atmosphere, the heat is ab-sorbed by the oceans. Over 90 percent of the excess heat from greenhouse gases that has been trapped has actu-ally gone into the oceans, and 4 out of 5 analyses say that the heat in the upper ocean set a record high in 2014. 
These data show the decades-long 
warming of the surface oceans. Col-leagues who still insist that the cli-mate has not warmed in the past cou-ple of decades—look at the oceans, that’s where the heat went. This warm-ing is changing the oceans and chang-ing our fisheries and, because of the law of thermal expansion, contributing to sea-level rise. 
In 2014, global sea level was at its 
highest point since we began meas-uring it with satellites in 1993, which is shown on the chart. 
In 2014, we saw the sea level con-
tinuing to rise at a rate of about 
1⁄8of 
an inch per year. We measure this in Rhode Island. Sea level at the Newport Naval Station has increased almost 10 inches since the 1930s. This matters when you have storms riding in on higher seas and tearing away our Rhode Island coastline. Sea level rise matters a lot to my constituents. 
Measurements are confirming what 
the scientists have predicted: The seas are rising because the oceans are warming and ice on land is melting. The climate is warming because green-house gases are trapping heat from the Sun in the atmosphere. 
Again, these are irrefutable facts, 
confirmed by experts and scientific or-ganizations and big corporations such as Walmart. Here is the reason. The main culprit behind the changes we are observing is carbon dioxide building up in the atmosphere, which in 2014 reached record levels. The global aver-age exceeded 400 parts per million in 2014. In context, for as long as human beings have been on the planet, it has been between about 170 and 300. For our whole duration as a species, that has been the range. Now we are out of it by over 400 and climbing. The global car-bon dioxide levels haven’t been this high in human experience. 
Where are we headed in 2015? Well, 
these trends are likely continuing. Sci-entists are already predicting that 2015 will eclipse 2014 in the record books for 
global temperature change. In 2015 we can expect that the temperatures will continue to go up, the seas will con-tinue to rise, and glaciers will continue to melt. It won’t stop unless we choose to stop what is causing it. 
We know our binge of carbon pollu-
tion is driving these changes. May I say that today a news report has come out that shows one of the biggest car-bon polluters of all, ExxonMobil, knows that our binge of carbon pollu-tion is driving these changes and spent decades covering up what they knew with a fusillade of lies that they launched to try to continue to sell their product. This is what folks who are engaged in climate denial are buy-ing into—a campaign of lies from a fos-sil fuel company, ExxonMobil, that itself knows better. I will have more on that story later. 
We can’t just keep our heads buried 
in the sand. We have to wake up. We have to wake up to the facts, and we have to wake up to our duty. 
I appreciate the patience of my 
friend the Senator from Utah. 
With that, I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEFREAKISH YEAR IN BROKEN CLIMATE  
RECORDS  
(By Tom Randall, July 17, 2015) 
STATE OF THE CLIMATE : BROKEN  
The annual State of the Climate report is 
out, and it’s ugly. Record heat, record sea levels, more hot days and fewer cool nights, surging cyclones, unprecedented pollution, and rapidly diminishing glaciers. 
The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration (NOAA) issues a re-port each year compiling the latest data gathered by 413 scientists from around the world. It’s 288 pages, but we’ll save you some time. Here’s a review, in six charts, of some of the climate highlights from 2014. 
TEMPERATURES SET A NEW RECORD  
It’s getting hot out there. Four inde-
pendent data sets show that last year was the hottest in 135 years of modern record keeping. The map above shows temperature departure from the norm. The eastern half of North America was one of the few cool spots on the planet. 
SEA LEVELS ALSO SURGE TO A RECORD  
The global mean sea level continued to 
rise, keeping pace with a trend of 3.2 milli-meters per year over the last two decades. The global satellite record goes back only to 1993, but the trend is clear and consistent. Rising tides are one of the most physically destructive aspects of climate change. Eight of the world’s 10 largest cities are near a coast, and 40 percent of the U.S. population lives in coastal areas, where the risk of flooding and erosion continues to rise. 
GLACIERS RETREAT FOR THE 31ST CONSECUTIVE  
YEAR  
Data from more than three dozen moun-
tain glaciers show that 2014 was the 31st straight year of glacier ice loss worldwide. The consistent retreat of glaciers is consid-ered one of the clearest signals of global warming. Most alarming: The rate of loss is accelerating over time. 
THERE ARE MORE HOT DAYS AND FEWER COOL  
NIGHTS  
Climate change doesn’t just increase the 
average temperature—it also increases the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.054 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6692 September 16, 2015 
extremes. The chart above shows when daily 
high temperatures max out above the 90th percentile and nightly lows fall below the lowest 10th percentile. The measures were near their global records last year, and the trend is consistently miserable. 
RECORD GREENHOUSE GASES FILL THE  
ATMOSPHERE  
By burning fossil fuels, humans have 
cranked up concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere by more than 40 percent since the Industrial Revolution. Carbon diox-ide, the most important greenhouse gas, reached a concentration of 400 parts per mil-lion for the first time in May 2013. Soon we’ll stop seeing concentrations that low ever again. 
The data shown are from the Mauna Loa 
Observatory in Hawaii. Data collection was started there by C. David Keeling of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in March 1958. This chart is commonly referred to as the Keeling curve. 
THE OCEANS ABSORB CRAZY AMOUNTS OF HEAT  
The oceans store and release heat on a 
massive scale. Over shorter spans of years to decades, ocean temperatures naturally fluc-tuate from climate patterns like El Nin ˜o and 
what’s known as the Pacific Decadal Oscilla-tion. Longer term, oceans are absorbing even more global warming than the surface of the planet, contributing to rising seas, melting glaciers, and dying coral reefs and fish popu-lations. 
In 2015 the world has moved into an El 
Nin˜o warming pattern in the Pacific Ocean. 
El Nin ˜o phases release some of the ocean’s 
stored heat into the atmosphere, causing weather shifts around the world. This El Nin˜o hasn’t peaked yet, but by some meas-
ures it’s already the most extreme ever re-corded for this time of year and could lead 2015 to break even more records than last year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, last week I 
began a thorough examination of the facts in the case of Planned Parent-hood and the scandal that is now en-gulfing our Nation’s largest provider of abortions. Today I wish to review brief-ly the evidence against Planned Par-enthood—evidence brought to light thanks to whistleblowers and the con-scientious journalists working with an organization called the Center for Med-ical Progress. 
After hearing that Planned Parent-
hood, in addition to performing almost 1,000 abortions every single day, was also selling the organs and body parts of its victims, CMP began inves-tigating. CMP’s investigation, which it calls the Human Capital Project, lasted for more than 2 years. Its findings have finally been published over the last few months in the form of a series of video documentaries posted on the Internet consisting mostly of interviews and un-dercover reporting of Planned Parent-hood officials and facilities. 
The videos have sparked debate and 
controversy and have thrown the abor-tion industry and its political clients back on their heels. But thanks to an indefensible coverage blackout in the pro-abortion mainstream media, most Americans have never even heard of, much less seen, these videos. Based on the vote the Senate took last month, and in particular based on the lack of 
substance coming from the other side of the aisle during that debate, it is a good bet that most of our colleagues defending Planned Parenthood haven’t seen those videos, either. So I thought it might do some good to at least get the facts into the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD before we move forward. 
To date, 10 of the expected 12 videos 
have been posted on the home page for the Center for Medical Progress. The first video was posted on July 14 and showed a luncheon meeting between CMP investigators posing as corporate buyers of fetal organs and Planned Par-enthood’s senior director of medical services. In the course of this business lunch, we learn from the senior Planned Parenthood official’s own words that Planned Parenthood clinics traffic in the body parts of aborted children as a matter of routine; that Planned Parenthood keeps these trans-actions at the local franchise level for legal reasons that appear to be de-signed to sidestep corporate liability; that Planned Parenthood’s abortionists may alter their surgical procedures— allegedly after consent forms have been signed—so as to maximize the organ harvest from unborn children. This was the infamous moment when we learned that Planned Parenthood doctors can ‘‘crush below’’ and ‘‘crush above’’ a baby’s most lucrative parts. Finally, we learned that such alter-ations may involve performing dan-gerous and illegal partial-birth abor-tions. 
These revelations by themselves—in 
and of themselves, all by themselves— shock the conscience, but they were only the beginning. In the Center for Medical Progress’s second video re-leased on July 21, we witness another undercover business lunch with inves-tigators again posing as corporate organ buyers, this time with the presi-dent of Planned Parenthood’s Medical Director’s Council. What we see in this video, contrary to Planned Parent-hood’s protestations, is without ques-tion a financial negotiation about the price of baby organs. They are not talking about compensating Planned Parenthood for procurement and deliv-ery costs; no, they are haggling. As the official herself, a medical doctor, jokes at one point, ‘‘I want a Lamborghini.’’ 
In another video released August 4, 
the vice president and medical director of Planned Parenthood of the Rocky Mountains is seen not only discussing exactly this kind of market pricing but the need to conceal such transactions through message discipline. Here we learn that Planned Parenthood physi-cians do indeed alter their surgical pro-cedures ‘‘in a way that they get the best specimens’’—that is, not to serve their patients but to maximize their sales numbers—because, as this vice president boasts, ‘‘My department con-tributes so much to the bottom line of our organization.’’ 
Subsequent videos have only corrobo-
rated these allegations. From the CEO of StemExpress, a major corporate 
buyer of fetal body parts, we learned that, yes, the price of fetal tissue is driven by supply and demand, not just cost reimbursements. And sometimes this market goes beyond organs and tissue and actually traffics in whole unborn children. 
From a fetal tissue producer, we 
learned that sometimes babies are born alive and are killed outside the womb because, she says, it just fell out. Just 
this week, a new video showed a Planned Parenthood official admitting that some abortion clinics ‘‘generate a fair amount of income selling baby or-gans.’’ And these are just the under-cover videos. 
Other videos feature the heart- 
wrenching testimony of a former StemExpress employee who tells the harrowing stories of her work inside Planned Parenthood clinics. She tells not only of the screaming and crying of the patients but also witnessing uneth-ical behavior by the medical staff. And, yes, the videos also contain horrifying, behind-the-scenes images at Planned Parenthood centers where the exploi-tation, butchering, and violence are worse than anything one can imagine. The images and stories will pierce the heart of anyone who has a child or has ever been one. But that is exactly why we must watch these videos. For those who don’t already know what abortion clinics are like and what they do, these videos must be seen to be believed. 
For anyone who has ever wondered 
why so many Members of Congress, so many citizens want to transfer tax-payer funding of abortion clinics to safe community health centers that ac-tually practice life-preserving medicine as proposed in the bill recently intro-duced by Senator E
RNST , watch these 
videos and you will know. Watch these videos and you will understand. 
Every new video brings further cor-
roboration not simply of particular in-stances of blood-chilling behavior but of what appears to be a pattern and practice of endangering vulnerable women by manipulating surgical proce-dures after consent forms have already been signed to perform abortions in a ‘‘less crunchy’’ way, for purposes not of women’s health but greed; to harvest organs from aborted children and sell them to corporate purchasers; and to conduct this grisly business in secret to avoid public detection and outrage and, quite possibly, criminal indict-ment—yes, indictment. 
That—the potential crimes of the 
abortion industry evidenced in these videos—will be the topic of my next speech on this scandal, for the behavior documented by the Center for Medical Progress is not just stomach-turning— it is that, to be sure, but it may well also be illegal, violating not only the moral laws of nature and of nature’s God, which we already knew, but also the criminal laws of the United States of America. 
I would encourage my colleagues and 
all Americans to view these videos for themselves so that they, too, can judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.046 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6693 September 16, 2015 
for themselves. We should all be 
warned: The videos are as difficult to watch as they are easy to find, but the price of self-government is self-aware-ness. 
The American people need to know 
the truth about what actually goes on in America’s abortion clinics, what lies are being told, and what crimes are being committed in their name and with their own money. The truth about human life and dignity has the power to set us all free, but first, we have to tell it. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last 
week, I spoke about Senate Repub-licans’ virtual shutdown of the judicial nominations process since they took over the majority. Their refusal to re-spond to the urgent needs of our inde-pendent third branch is threatening to harm our justice system and rob the judiciary of outstanding public serv-ants. 
One glaring example of this harm is 
the unnecessary delay of Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo, who was nominated last year to fill an emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Pennsylvania. Judge Restrepo was unanimously confirmed 2 years ago by the Senate to serve as a district court judge. During his tenure as both a Federal district court judge and as a Federal magistrate judge, he has presided over 56 trials that have gone to verdict or judgment. He is su-perbly qualified, and I have heard no objection to his nomination. Despite his outstanding credentials and experi-ence, it took the Republican majority 7 months just to schedule a hearing in the Judiciary Committee for this qualified nominee. 
Judge Restrepo has bipartisan sup-
port from both Pennsylvania Senators and was voted out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote. Once confirmed, Judge Restrepo will be the first Hispanic judge from Pennsyl-vania to ever serve on this court and only the second Hispanic judge to serve on the Third Circuit. He has the strong endorsement of the nonpartisan His-panic National Bar Association. At his confirmation hearing in June, Senator T
OOMEY stated that ‘‘there is no ques-
tion [Judge Restrepo] is a very well qualified candidate to serve on the Third Circuit.’’ Senator T
OOMEY de-
scribed Judge Restrepo’s life story as ‘‘an American Dream’’ and recounted 
how Judge Restrepo came to the United States from Colombia and rose to the top of his profession by ‘‘virtue of his hard work, his intellect, his in-tegrity.’’ I could not agree more. 
Given his remarkable credentials, 
wealth of experience, and strong bipar-tisan support, you would think the Senate would have confirmed Judge Restrepo months ago. Instead, he was nominated for a judicial emergency va-cancy back in November 2014, and for 10 months since his nomination, he has 
been denied a vote on his confirmation. No Senate Democrat opposes a vote on his nomination. The only ones who are holding up his nomination are the Sen-ate Republicans. I have heard Senator T
OOMEY indicate his strong support, 
and that he would like to see Judge Restrepo receive a vote. I know Sen-ator T
OOMEY can be a fierce advocate 
for issues he cares passionately about, and I hope he will get a firm commit-ment from the majority leader to schedule a confirmation vote this week. 
In addition to Judge Restrepo’s nom-
ination, there are 12 other non-controversial judicial nominees pend-ing on the Executive Calendar waiting for a vote. All of them were approved by voice vote by the Judiciary Com-mittee. There is no reason for Repub-licans to block these nominees. More than 8 months into this new year, Re-publican leadership has allowed votes on just six judicial nominees. By this time in 2007, when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, we had con-firmed 29 judges nominated by Presi-dent Bush. That is nearly five times more nominees than what this Repub-lican majority has accomplished so far this year. Because of the Republicans’ virtual shutdown of the confirmation process, judicial vacancies have in-creased by more than 50 percent—from 43 to 67. This is demonstrates an as-tounding neglect of the needs of our independent Third Branch. 
Instead of confirming Judge Restrepo 
and the 12 other noncontroversial judi-cial nominees on the Executive Cal-endar, Republicans are talking about another doomed vote on harmful legis-lation to block women’s health care choices. Republicans had already forced a failed ‘‘show vote’’ to defund critical health services for women, spending 2 days on that unnecessary political exercise. Although Senate Re-publicans campaigned last year on the promise that they would govern re-sponsibly if they won the majority, they continue to prioritize divisive issues that play only to their political base and yield no results for the Amer-ican people. 
I am urging Republican leadership to 
reverse course. Confirm Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo without further delay, and then confirm the other 12 non-controversial judicial nominees pend-ing on our Executive Calendar. IMMIGRATION REFORM 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the 
United States has a proud and unique history as a nation of immigrants. Ever since our founding, we have been a beacon of hope for those seeking op-portunity. Generation after generation, our Nation has greatly benefited from the entrepreneurial spirit that these newcomers bring with them. That is as true today as it was 200 years ago. 
Our Nation’s history with immigra-
tion has not always been a story of ac-ceptance. Newcomers have often faced resistance, isolation, discrimination and even racist opposition. Many of us here in this body know those painful stories from our own immigrant fami-lies—others here have felt the stinging words of bigotry themselves. My grand-parents faced signs telling them to not bother applying for work because of their ancestry but those old stories are hard to imagine today. 
That is why it is so shocking to hear 
the steady rise in racist, xenophobic rhetoric coming from the Republican field of Presidential candidates. These statements are offensive and have no place in our national dialogue. Those who use such rhetoric are fear mongering for political gain. Even in today’s hyped up political theater, this kind of language is unacceptable. It is 
hurtful, harmful, and just plain wrong. 
It is incumbent on all of us to speak 
out against this dehumanizing dis-course. A topic as important as immi-gration is worthy of debate, but in an informed and thoughtful manner. This weekend, Steve Case, a co-founder of America Online, took a powerful stand in an opinion piece in the Washington Post titled ‘‘Business Leaders Must Speak Out Against Trump’s Anti-Im-migrant Rhetoric.’’ Two years ago, as chairman of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, I invited Mr. Case to testify be-fore the committee when we were con-sidering comprehensive immigration reform, and he has continued to be a leader on the issue. He is right to stand up, speak out, and call on all Ameri-cans to reject the ugly words we are hearing from too many political actors on one of the most pressing matters facing our country. 
The growing partisan rhetoric that 
attempts to equate immigrants with criminals and suggests we deport them en mass is both irrational and dan-gerous. It is time that they stop. The characterization of immigrants as criminals here to harm us and our com-munities is not just beneath the dig-nity of anyone who seeks to lead this Nation as President, it simply is not supported by the evidence. Anyone who listened to the extensive testimony that the Senate Judiciary Committee collected 2 years ago will know that immigrants commit crimes at lower rates than those born in the United States. Many become job producers and the vast majority are hard-working members of our communities who sup-port our economy and strengthen our neighborhoods. No less than Grover 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.056 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6694 September 16, 2015 
Norquist testified that ‘‘Increased legal 
immigration will add millions of con-sumers, workers, renters, and others who will make our economy larger by working with Americans to produce more of the goods and services we de-mand.’’ 
We must put an end to this destruc-
tive anti-immigrant rhetoric and find a way back to the constructive, bipar-tisan approach to reforming our immi-gration system. The Senate Judiciary Committee played a critical role in that effort and I am proud of the pro-ductive, respectful debates that marked our consideration of com-prehensive immigration reform in 2013. Both Democrats and Republicans praised the process as fair and thor-ough. Bipartisanship was a priority, and of the 136 amendments we adopted in committee, all but 3 passed on a bi-partisan basis. As a result of that re-markable effort, the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform with overwhelming support. If House Republican leaders had simply brought that bill up for a vote, it would have passed and been the law of the land. We would have taken an enormous step forward as a country to fix our broken immigration system. 
That bill is an example of all we can 
accomplish when we put aside hateful slogans and focus on our primary job of actually legislating. I hope that we will return to a bipartisan approach this Congress so that we can again pass leg-islation that strengthens our commu-nities and our economy, improves our border security, and keeps families to-gether. 
There is still strong support for 
meaningful immigration reform in the Senate, and that is what we should work on here in Congress. There is no excuse for continued inaction and scapegoating. The time for immigra-tion reform is now. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. YUICHI SHODA, 
DR. WALTER MISCHEL, AND DR. PHILIP PEAKE 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, basic 
research is a building block of Amer-ican innovation. Without it, profound breakthroughs in science, medicine, technology and other fields would sim-ply not happen. 
In Washington State, we know in-
vestments in basic scientific research are a key ingredient to the future of our information economy—from aero-space and agriculture to technology and health care, and across all sectors of our economy. 
It is in that spirit that, today, I rec-
ognize my constituent Dr. Yuichi Shoda of the University of Washington and his colleagues, Dr. Walter Mischel and Dr. Philip Peake, for their receipt of a Golden Goose Award for federally funded research. 
The Golden Goose Award recognizes 
the immense benefits of federally fund-ed research to human knowledge and our economy by shining a spotlight on obscure studies that resulted in signifi-
cant impacts to our society and major breakthroughs. 
Dr. Shoda and his colleagues are 
being honored for their seminal longi-tudinal research project that has be-come known as ‘‘the marshmallow study.’’ This study, funded by the Na-tional Institutes of Health, began in the 1960s. The study presented children aged 4-to-5-years-old with a choice be-tween a single marshmallow they could eat immediately or the promise of two marshmallows for which they would have to wait. 
Dr. Shoda and his team discovered a 
significant correlation between how long children were able to wait for the treat and social and academic traits as they became adults. Their discoveries have led to significant advances in the way we understand the human behav-iors and the neuroscience behind self- control and delayed gratification. Al-ready, educators are using Dr. Shoda’s research to teach children positive hab-its at an early age. The implications of this research, from education to retire-ment and health, are vast. 
As Dr. Shoda’s project demonstrates, 
federally funded scientific research builds the foundation upon which new ideas are developed. Dr. Shoda’s re-search also provides an example for why Congress must make robust and strategic investments in basic research across a variety of fields. 
I congratulate Dr. Yuichi Shoda and 
his team for the marshmallow study and wish them a bright future as they continue unlocking new knowledge. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING PAULA EKONOMOS 
KOZLEN 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, it is 
with a heavy heart that I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring the life of my dear friend, Paula Kozlen, a former marketing executive, avid ten-nis player, world traveler, community leader, beloved wife, sister, step-mother, aunt, and friend, who passed away on August 29, 2015, after a coura-geous battle with cancer. 
Paula was truly one of a kind. Her 
energy and determination, her sense of humor and adventure, her incredibly kind heart and love of life will always be remembered by everyone lucky enough to have crossed her path during her amazing life. 
Paula was born in Illinois on July 26, 
1952. After graduating from Western Il-linois University with a degree in edu-cation, she embarked on a long and successful career in marketing and sales for several major corporations around the country. Paula’s career pro-vided her with the opportunity to trav-el, which became a lifelong passion. She loved visiting new places and de-veloped deep and lasting friendships with people all over the world who were drawn to her extraordinarily com-passionate and generous personality. 
Of all the places she traveled, she found her home in the Coachella Valley of Southern California. 
Paula cared so deeply about helping 
others and improving her community, and she gave her time and energy with-out reservation. She dedicated herself to supporting music, theatre, and edu-cation in the Coachella Valley, served on boards for organizations that pro-vide services to those in need, and dropped everything to help the people of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina hit in 2005. Paula was the type of per-son who wouldn’t hesitate when she saw people in need and knew that she could make a difference. 
My entire family joins me in mourn-
ing her loss and sending our heartfelt condolences to Paula’s husband, Vern Kozlen; sisters Katherine Wolcott, and husband Keene, and Vicki Griffin, and husband Michael; step-son Mark Kozlen; and niece Katherine Griffin. 
Those of us who were lucky enough 
to have known Paula will be forever grateful for the extraordinary time we had with her, the example she set, and the wonderful memories that we will forever cherish. We truly walked in her light. She will be deeply missed. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 4:30 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 720) to improve intergovern-mental planning for and communica-tion during security incidents at do-mestic airports, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 6:40 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 720. An act to improve intergovern-
mental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bills were read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.033 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6695 September 16, 2015 
S. 2035. A bill to provide for the compensa-
tion of Federal employees affected by a lapse in appropriations. 
H.R. 36. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
ON SEPTEMBER 15, 2015 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
H.R. 36. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other purposes. 
S. 2035. A bill to provide for the compensa-
tion of Federal employees affected by a lapse in appropriations. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2816. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for Fiscal Year 2013’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2817. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘United States Property Held by Controlled Foreign Cor-porations in Transactions Involving Partner-ships; Rents and Royalties Derived in the Active Conduct of a Trade or Business’’ ((RIN1545–BJ49) (TD 9733)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 8, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2818. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Integrated Hedging Transactions of Qualifying Debt’’ ((RIN1545– BK98) (TD 9736)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2819. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Application of the Cooperative and Small Employer Charity Pension Flexibility Act’’ (Notice 2015–58) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 1, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–2820. A communication from the Acting 
Commissioner, Social Security Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Ad-ministration’s 2015 Annual Report of the Supplemental Security Income Program; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2821. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Allocation of W–2 Wages in a Short Taxable Year and in Acqui-sition or Disposition’’ ((RIN1545–BM11) (TD 9731)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 1, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–2822. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Proce-dure: Examination of Returns and Claims for Refund, Credit, or Abatement; Determina-tion of Tax Liability’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–42) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 1, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–2823. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–023); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–2824. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–059); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2825. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–006); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–2826. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–083); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2827. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–040); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2828. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–081); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2829. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–057); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2830. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, six (6) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of State, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 4, 2015; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2831. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Pre-market Approval of Pediatric Uses of De-vices—FY 2013’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2832. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘United States Tobacco Product Exports That Do Not Conform to Tobacco Product Stand-ards’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2833. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Patient Navigator Outreach and Chronic Disease Prevention Program’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2834. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Administration of Multiemployer Plan Participant Vote on an 
Approved Suspension of Benefits Under MPRA’’ ((RIN1545–BM89) (TD 9735)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2835. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Institute on Minor-ity Health Disparities Research Endow-ments’’ (RIN0925–AA61) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2836. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–140, ‘‘Ruby Whitfield Way Des-ignation Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2837. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–141, ‘‘Title IX Athletic Equity Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2838. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–142, ‘‘Naval Lodge Building, Inc. Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2839. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–143, ‘‘Margaret Peters and Roumania Peters Walker Tennis Courts Des-ignation Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2840. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–144, ‘‘Closing of Public Street adjacent to Squares 603S, 605, 607, 661, 661N, and 665, and in U.S. Reservations 243 and 244, S.O. 13–14605, Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2841. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–145, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cul-tivation Center Expansion Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–2842. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–146, ‘‘Sale of Synthetic Drugs Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–2843. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–147, ‘‘Ward 5 Paint Spray Booth Moratorium Temporary Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2844. A communication from the Dis-
trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, reports entitled ‘‘District of Columbia Agencies’ Compliance with Fiscal Year 2015 Small Business Enterprise Expend-iture Goals through the 3rd Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2845. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to an alter-native plan for pay increases for civilian Federal employees covered by the General 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.019 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6696 September 16, 2015 
Schedule and certain other pay systems in 
January 2016; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2846. A communication from the Acting 
Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Ac-quisition Policy, General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; Federal Acquisition Cir-cular 2005–84, Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–84) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2847. A communication from the Acting 
Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Ac-quisition Policy, General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; Federal Acquisition Cir-cular 2005–84, Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2848. A communication from the Acting 
Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Ac-quisition Policy, General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; EPEAT Items’’ ((RIN9000– AM71) (FAC 2005–84)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2849. A communication from the Acting 
Senior Procurement Executive, Office of Ac-quisition Policy, General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; Federal Acquisition Cir-cular 2005–84, Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–84) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–2850. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Visas: Interview Waiver Authority’’ (RIN1400–AD80) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 4, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–2851. A communication from the Chief 
Impact Analyst, Veterans Health Adminis-tration, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Animals on VA Property’’ (RIN2900–AO39) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 27, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–2852. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement: Denied Ac-cess to NASA Facilities (2015-N002)’’ (RIN2700–AE14) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 3, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2853. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0492)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2854. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0282)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2855. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0282)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2856. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Can-ada (Bell) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0643)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2857. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Pre-viously Eurocopter France) (Airbus Heli-copters) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2014–0364)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2858. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; REIMS AVIATION S.A. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3398)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2859. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2048)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2860. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1744)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2861. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (26); Amdt. No. 3655’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2862. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-
dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (28); Amdt. No. 3656’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2863. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of Restricted Areas R–3804A, R–3804B, and R–3804C; Fort Polk, LA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0639)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2864. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Kelso, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1133)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2865. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Santa Rosa, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 3325)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2866. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Toledo, WA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1135)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2867. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Santa Rosa, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1481)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2868. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of VOR Federal Airways; Northeastern United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1650)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2869. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Ogden-Hinckley Air-port, UT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0671)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.023 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6697 September 16, 2015 
EC–2870. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-
ment of Class E Airspace, and Amendment of Class D Airspace; Ogden, Hill AFB, UT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0691)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2871. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Perth Amboy, New Jersey’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Dock-et No. USCG–2015–0374)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2872. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations for Marine Events, Wrightsville Channel; Wrightsville Beach, NC’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0663)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2873. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Southern California Annual Marine Events for the San Diego Captain of the Port Zone; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0738)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2874. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Southern California Annual Marine Events for the San Diego Captain of the Port Zone; San Diego Bay, San Diego, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0568)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2875. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0427)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2876. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation, Tennessee River 647.0 to 648.0; Knoxville, TN’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0337)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2877. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations; Marine Events held 
in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone—Correction’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0705)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office 
of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2878. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Suncoast Super Boat Grand Prix; Gulf of Mexico, Sarasota, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0216)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2879. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River MM 180.0 to 180.5; St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0704)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2880. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone—Oil Exploration Staging Area in Dutch Harbor, AK’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0246)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2881. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Martha’s Vineyard, Massachu-setts’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0731)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2882. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cleveland National Air Show; Lake Erie and Cleveland Harbor, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0718)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2883. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Swim Around Charleston; Charleston, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0276)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2884. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Whiskey Island Paddleboard Festival and Race; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0716)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2885. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Eighth Coast Guard District 
Annual and Recurring Safety Zones Update’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2013– 1060)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2886. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Indian River Bay; Millsboro, Delaware’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0563)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2887. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; U.S. Army Exercise, Des Plaines River, Channahon, IL’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0760)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2888. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, James River; Newport News, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0701)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2889. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Marine Events held in the Sector Long Island Sound Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0646)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2890. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Carly’s Crossing; Outer Har-bor, Gallagher Beach, Buffalo, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015– 0717)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2891. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; TriMet Tilikum Crossing Bridge Fireworks Display, Willamette River, Portland, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0510)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2892. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Waddington Homecoming Fireworks, St. Lawrence River, Ogden Is-land, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.025 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6698 September 16, 2015 
USCG–2015–0715)) received during adjourn-
ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2893. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; NOBLE DISCOVERER, Outer Continental Shelf Drillship, Chukchi Sea, AK’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2015–0248)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2894. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone, Seward, AK’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0800)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2895. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Schuylkill River; Philadel-phia, PA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0094)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2896. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Unexploded Ordnance Re-moval, Vero Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0737)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2897. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Incredoubleman Triathlon; Henderson Bay, Lake Ontario, Sackets Har-bor, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0509)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2898. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones and Regulated Navigation Area; Shell Arctic Drilling/Exploration Ves-sel and Associated Voluntary First Amend-ment Area, Portland, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0543)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2899. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘NASA Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement: NASA Cap-italization Threshold (NFS Case 2015–N004)’’ (RIN2700–AE23) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2900. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Procurement, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-
tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Administra-tive Requirements, Cost Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards.’’ 
(RIN2700–AE18) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2901. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Mackerel, Squid, and Butterfish Fisheries; Framework Adjust-ment 9’’ (RIN0648–BF00) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science , and Transportation. 
EC–2902. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer’’ (RIN0648–XE077) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2903. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South At-lantic; 2015 Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish’’ (RIN0648–XE087) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 2 , 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2904. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Snap-per-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2015 Recreational Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Hogfish’’ (RIN0648–XE088) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2905. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015–2016 Biennial Speci-fications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments’’ (RIN0648–BF27) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–2906. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Kamchatka Flounder in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD974) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 3, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2907. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-
ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE023) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 3, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2908. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD996) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 3, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2909. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Prohibited Species Catch; Emer-gency Rule’’ (RIN0648–BF24) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2910. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE139) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2911. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Highly Mi-gratory Species Fishery Management Plan; Revision to Prohibited Species Regulations’’ (RIN0648–BE80) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2912. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; West Coast Salmon Fisheries; 2015 Management Meas-ures; Correction’’ (RIN0648–XD843) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2913. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; Highly Mi-gratory Species Fisheries; California Sword-fish Drift Gillnet Fishery; Vessel Monitoring System Requirements’’ (RIN0648–BE25) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 3, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2914. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial, Recreational, and Treaty Indian Salmon Fisheries; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.027 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6699 September 16, 2015 
Inseason Actions Number 16 Through Num-
ber 21’’ (RIN0648–XE111) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 8, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–76. A communication from a citizen 
of the State of Illinois memorializing the State of Illinois’s petition to the United States Congress calling for a constitutional convention for the purpose of proposing amendments; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Mr. D UR-
BIN, Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H IRONO , and 
Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. 2037. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to clarify the Federal Pell Grant duration limits of borrowers who at-tend an institution of higher education that closes or commits fraud or other misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. V ITTER , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 2038. A bill to provide certainty that 
Congress and the Administration will under-take substantive and structural housing fi-nance reform, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ): 
S. 2039. A bill to designate the mountain at 
the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyo-ming, as Devils Tower, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHUMER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. L EE, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
PERDUE , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 2040. A bill to deter terrorism, provide 
justice for victims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. 2041. A bill to promote the development 
of safe drugs for neonates; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , and Mr. R EED): 
S. 2042. A bill to amend the National Labor 
Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: 
S. 2043. A bill to revise counseling require-
ments for certain borrowers of student loans and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , and Mr. M ORAN ): 
S. 2044. A bill to prohibit the use of certain 
clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate re-garding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 163 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 163, a bill to establish a grant program to help State and local law en-forcement agencies reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wan-dering characteristics of some children with autism and other disabilities. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 235, a bill to provide for wild-fire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from 
South Carolina (Mr. S COTT) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 298, a bill to amend 
titles XIX and XXI of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide States with the op-tion of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Senator 
from Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ), the Sen-
ator from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ), the 
Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from West Vir-
ginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ), the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) and the Sen-
ator from Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure the continued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1106 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1106, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award Early College Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 1127 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1127, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the de-nial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consump-tion of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1390 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1390, a bill to help provide re-lief to State education budgets during a recovering economy, to help fulfill the Federal mandate to provide higher educational opportunities for Native American Indians, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1719, a bill to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strat-egy, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Ms. B
ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1719, supra. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from New 
Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ) and the Sen-
ator from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other pur-poses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.028 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6700 September 16, 2015 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1916 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1916, a bill to include skilled nursing facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934. 
S. 1919 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from 
Wyoming (Mr. B ARRASSO ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1919, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to protect rights of con-science with regard to requirements for coverage of specific items and services, to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-re-lated discrimination in governmental activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1938 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1938, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of certain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1968 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1968, a bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to re-quire certain companies to disclose in-formation describing any measures the company has taken to identify and ad-dress conditions of forced labor, slav-ery, human trafficking, and the worst forms of child labor within the com-pany’s supply chains. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 2026 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2026, a bill to foster bilateral engage-ment and scientific analysis of storing nuclear waste in permanent reposi-tories in the Great Lakes Basin. 
S. 2028 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2028, a bill to amend the 
Federal Credit Union Act, to advance the ability of credit unions to promote small business growth and economic development opportunities, and for other purposes. 
S. 2034 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2034, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide addi-tional aggravating factors for the im-position of the death penalty based on the status of the victim. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent reso-lution supporting the Local Radio 
Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 199 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 199, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate re-garding establishing a National Stra-tegic Agenda. 
S. RES. 214 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 214, a resolution com-memorating the 85th anniversary of the Daughters of Penelope, a pre-eminent international women’s asso-ciation and an affiliate organization of the American Hellenic Educational Progressive Association. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2656 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2656 proposed to H.J. Res. 61, a joint resolution amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
At the request of Mr. C
ORNYN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2656 proposed to H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
At the request of Mr. H
OEVEN , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2656 proposed to H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
At the request of Mr. H
ELLER , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2656 proposed to H.J. Res. 61, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself and Mr. 
BARRASSO ): 
S. 2039. A bill to designate the moun-
tain at the Devils Tower National Monument, Wyoming, as Devils Tower, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak on the introduction of legisla-tion which designates the mountain and populated place at Devils Tower National Monument as Devils Tower. This is legislation I am introducing today with the support of Senator J
OHN 
BARRASSO of Wyoming and in conjunc-
tion with Representative C YNTHIA LUM-
MISwho is introducing this same meas-
ure in the House. 
Devils Tower National Monument is 
not an ordinary national treasure. There are approximately 117 national monuments, but Devils Tower has the distinction as being America’s first na-
tional monument. Established by President Theodore Roosevelt on Sep-tember 24, 1906, Devils Tower National Monument preserves the unique geo-logic, cultural, and aesthetic values of this breathtaking feature. 
Devils Tower has a rich cultural his-
tory, and has many meanings to dif-ferent cultures, including the many peoples and Native American tribes that have historical and geographic ties to Northeastern Wyoming. The Ge-ographic Names Information System, GNIS, prepared by the U.S. Geological Survey, USGS, acknowledges there are sixteen documented variant names to Devils Tower. Documents submitted to the U.S. Board on Geographic Names cite approximately 94 different pub-lished names for Devils Tower. Mean-while, official Federal records indicate the name Devils Tower has existed for over 130 years. 
This is why I am glad there was an 
opportunity for public comment and debate on the most recent petition to rename Devils Tower. The results of that 5 month public comment period demonstrated there is strong support from the community and local officials to retain the Devils Tower name for the geologic feature, the populated place, and the National Monument. 
Now that there has been an oppor-
tunity to hear comments about the most recent petition to rename Devils Tower, the Wyoming congressional del-egation is introducing this legislation to preserve the Devils Tower name for the feature, populated place, and for America’s first national monument. We also encourage the U.S. Board on Geo-graphic Names, U.S. Department of In-terior, and the President to suspend any additional consideration on the pe-tition to rename the features at Devils Tower National Monument. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CROOK COUNTY  
BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS , 
Sundance, WY, September 11, 2015. 
In 1868, the Wyoming Territory was cre-
ated. In 1885, Crook County was created. In 1890, the Territory of Wyoming obtained statehood. In 1906, the first national monu-ment, Devils Tower, was established. The United States was the first country in the world to set aside its most significant places 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.035 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6701 September 16, 2015 
as national park units so they could be en-
joyed by all. 
Over the centuries, many people have 
passed through or have inhabited the region now known as Crook County. The many Na-tive American tribes who were in the area 
called the summit different names over time. By establishing the summit and the sur-rounding grounds as Devils Tower National Monument, the decision was made as to its official name. 
The Crook County Commission would like 
to submit comments from the public it began to solicit since March 2015. A survey was de-veloped and was inserted in the local news-papers, put on Crook County’s website and each Commissioner hand delivered comment sheets throughout the county to the area businesses and town halls. We received com-ments from within the County and from around the world. As of August 3, 2015, we have received 954 comments about the sum-mit: 34 approve the name change and 886 op-pose the name change. For changing the name of the settlement called Devils Tower, we received 953 comments: 37 for the name change and 855 against it. 
Crook County citizens believe the Tower is 
special. There is evidence that organized gatherings have taken place at the Tower since the first recorded climb of the Tower July 4, 1893. Citizens urged State and Federal officials to recognize the importance of this landmark and pressed for improved roads to the Tower in the early 1900’s. Since then, the Tower has been the site of numerous wed-dings, reunions, picnics, school outings and other important life events. Always, the Tower has been referred to with reverence. It is always called ‘‘Devils Tower’’ or ‘‘the Tower’’. We are not aware of any pet name or slang references used by local citizens. One definition of the word, ‘‘sacred’’, in Web-ster’s Dictionary means ‘‘worthy of respect’’. By that definition, Devils Tower is sacred. 
If the name is changed to ‘‘Bear Lodge’’, it 
will diminish the uniqueness of the site. This special place deserves more than a generic name. There is already the Bear Lodge Mountains east of the Monument. There is a rare earths mine being built in the Bear Lodge Mountains called the Bear Lodge Project. There is Bear Butte in Meade Coun-ty, SD which is reportedly a sacred site to some Native Americans. By having so many places with ‘‘Bear’’ already in its name, it creates confusion for the over 400,000 annual visitors who come specifically to northeast Wyoming to see Devils Tower. 
Records show the name Devils Tower has 
existed officially for over 130 years. In the Bureau of Land Management Cadastral Sur-vey Land Plats dated August 24, 1883, it is in-dicated that the summit was named Devils Tower. This is based upon field notes from 1881 and 1882. Those field notes dated July 23, 1883 state ‘‘A prominent land mark is a high peak in Section 7 called Devils Tower’’. 
Today is not the time to debate whether 
the site is sacred to some tribes or not. An-ecdotal evidence exists that some tribes did avoid the area due to the ‘‘bad gods’’. Please see some of the comments submitted. For ex-ample, the Campstool Ranch was established by Lady Grace Esme MacKenzie in 1881. ‘‘The location of the ranch near the base of Devils Tower was chosen not due to its scenery but because the Native Americans were scared of it and would not go near it’’. This was in 1881. The Battle of the Little Bighorn was June 1876 and the Indian Wars continued until 1918. 
We do not believe that all elders, leaders 
and individual tribal members find the name of the summit highly offensive, insulting, etc., as stated in the petition. There is an or-ganization called Devils Tower Sacred to Many People whose mailing address is Devils Tower, Wyoming which owns land near the 
Tower. This federally recognized non-profit exists to benefit the Native Americans who live on reservations. The international mon-etary supports this organization receives show many people recognize the name Devils Tower. The Native artists who sell their wares to the organization recognize the name also and support their efforts. 
We do not believe the summit was given its 
name purposely due to white people finding cultural and faith traditions practiced by Native Americans ‘‘evil’’. It was the name commonly used by the people who lived in the area. That is why one name was chosen for the summit and for the National Monu-ment. Many tribes have their own historic name for the Tower. The United States Board on Geographic Names Case Brief cites approximately 94 different published names for Devils Tower. We do not believe that over twenty tribes who have potential cultural af-filiation with the Tower have reached a con-sensus to support the proposal of one name for the summit. We believe each tribe will continue to use their traditional name for the Tower and Wyoming natives will do the same. Devils Tower has always been open to anyone to use as a respectful place to carry on their own traditions and we expect it to remain that way. The Tower can be shared by all. 
The Crook County Commission questions 
what significant or historic benefit will be advanced by changing the name of the sum-mit located at Devils Tower National Monu-ment? Will the name change proposed by the petitioners benefit many, just a few, or will it cause more dissention? Therefore: We re-quest the Wyoming Board on Geographic Names and the United States Board on Geo-graphic Names retain the name of the sum-mit as Devils Tower. 
We question why the settlement of Devils 
Tower is being petitioned for change. There is a United States Post Office there and we have not received a recommendation from the USPS for a name change. Records show that particular Post Office has been in exist-ence since 1925. Reading some of the com-ments we received from our Wyoming na-tives, we ask ‘‘How can people who do not even live in the area propose a name change to a populated place?’’ Numerous comments from the people who have Devils Tower as 
their mailing address mention the unneces-sary distress of changing the name of their business and changing their address on pass-ports, official documents and just receiving mail and packages. 
Crook County received 855 comments to re-
tain the name of the settlement of Devils Tower. Again we ask: what significant or historic benefit will be advanced by changing the name of the settlement? A name change should be proposed by the citizens it would most affect. Therefore, we request the name of the settlement be retained as Devils Tower, Wyoming. 
Sincerely, 
K
ELLY B. D ENNIS , 
Chairman. 
JEANNE A. W HALEN , 
Vice-Chairwoman. 
STEVE J. S TAHLA , 
Member. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. L EE, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
Mr. P ERDUE , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 2040. A bill to deter terrorism, pro-
vide justice for victims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2040 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice 
Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) International terrorism is a serious and 
deadly problem that threatens the vital in-terests of the United States. 
(2) The Constitution confers upon Congress 
the power to punish crimes against the law of nations and therefore Congress may by law impose penalties on those who provide material support to foreign organizations en-gaged in terrorist activity, and allow for vic-tims of international terrorism to recover damages from those who have harmed them. 
(3) International terrorism affects the 
interstate and foreign commerce of the United States by harming international trade and market stability, and limiting international travel by United States citi-zens as well as foreign visitors to the United States. 
(4) Some foreign terrorist organizations, 
acting through affiliated groups or individ-uals, raise significant funds outside of the United States for conduct directed and tar-geted at the United States. 
(5) It is necessary to recognize the sub-
stantive causes of action for aiding and abet-ting and conspiracy liability under the Anti- Terrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5201 et seq.). 
(6) The decision of the United States Court 
of Appeals for the District of Columbia in Halberstam v. Welch, 705 F.2d 472 (D.C. Cir. 1983), which has been widely recognized as the leading case regarding Federal civil aid-ing and abetting and conspiracy liability, in-cluding by the Supreme Court of the United States, provides the proper legal framework for how such liability should function in the context of the Anti-Terrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5201 et seq.). 
(7) The United Nations Security Council 
declared in Resolution 1373, adopted on Sep-tember 28, 2001, that all countries have an af-firmative obligation to ‘‘[r]efrain from pro-viding any form of support, active or passive, to entities or persons involved in terrorist acts,’’ and to ‘‘[e]nsure that any person who participates in the financing, planning, prep-aration or perpetration of terrorist acts or in supporting terrorist acts is brought to jus-tice’’. 
(8) Consistent with these declarations, no 
country has the discretion to engage know-ingly in the financing or sponsorship of ter-rorism, whether directly or indirectly. 
(9) Persons, entities, or countries that 
knowingly or recklessly contribute material support or resources, directly or indirectly, to persons or organizations that pose a sig-nificant risk of committing acts of terrorism that threaten the security of nationals of the United States or the national security, for-eign policy, or economy of the United States, necessarily direct their conduct at the United States, and should reasonably antici-pate being brought to court in the United States to answer for such activities. 
(10) The United States has a vital interest 
in providing persons and entities injured as a result of terrorist attacks committed within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.040 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6702 September 16, 2015 
the United States with full access to the 
court system in order to pursue civil claims against persons, entities, or countries that have knowingly or recklessly provided mate-rial support or resources, directly or indi-rectly, to the persons or organizations re-sponsible for their injuries. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of this Act is to 
provide civil litigants with the broadest pos-sible basis, consistent with the Constitution of the United States, to seek relief against persons, entities, and foreign countries, wherever acting and wherever they may be found, that have provided material support, directly or indirectly, to foreign organiza-tions or persons that engage in terrorist ac-tivities against the United States. 
SEC. 3. FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY. 
Section 1605(a) of title 28, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (5) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(5) not otherwise encompassed in para-
graph (2), in which money damages are sought against a foreign state arising out of physical injury or death, or damage to or loss of property, occurring in the United States and caused by the tortious act or omission of that foreign state or of any offi-cial or employee of that foreign state while acting within the scope of the office or em-ployment of the official or employee (regard-less of where the underlying tortious act or omission occurs), including any statutory or common law tort claim arising out of an act of extrajudicial killing, aircraft sabotage, hostage taking, terrorism, or the provision of material support or resources for such an act, or any claim for contribution or indem-nity relating to a claim arising out of such an act, except this paragraph shall not apply to— 
‘‘(A) any claim based upon the exercise or 
performance of, or the failure to exercise or perform, a discretionary function, regardless of whether the discretion is abused; or 
‘‘(B) any claim arising out of malicious 
prosecution, abuse of process, libel, slander, misrepresentation, deceit, interference with contract rights, or any claim for emotional distress or derivative injury suffered as a re-sult of an event or injury to another person that occurs outside of the United States; or’’; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of sub-
section (a)(5)— 
‘‘(1) the terms ‘aircraft sabotage’, 
‘extrajudicial killing’, ‘hostage taking’, and ‘material support or resources’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1605A(h); and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘terrorism’ means inter-
national terrorism and domestic terrorism, as those terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18.’’. 
SEC. 4. AIDING AND ABETTING LIABILITY FOR 
CIVIL ACTIONS REGARDING TER-RORIST ACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) L
IABILITY .—In an action under sub-
section (a) for an injury arising from an act of international terrorism committed, planned, or authorized by an organization that had been designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189), as of the date on which such act of international terrorism was committed, planned, or authorized, or that was so des-ignated as a result of such act of inter-national terrorism, liability may be asserted 
as to any person who aided, abetted, or con-spired with the person who committed such an act of international terrorism.’’. (b) E
FFECT ON FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNI -
TIES ACT.—Nothing in the amendments made 
by this section affects immunity of a foreign state, as that term is defined in section 1603 of title 28, United States Code, from jurisdic-tion under other law. 
SEC. 5. PERSONAL JURISDICTION FOR CIVIL AC-
TIONS REGARDING TERRORIST ACTS. 
Section 2334 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(e) P
ERSONAL JURISDICTION .—The district 
courts shall have personal jurisdiction, to the maximum extent permissible under the 5th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, over any person who commits or aids and abets an act of international ter-rorism or otherwise sponsors such act or the person who committed such act, for acts of international terrorism in which any na-tional of the United States suffers injury in his or her person, property, or business by reason of such an act in violation of section 2333.’’. 
SEC. 6. LIABILITY FOR GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS 
IN CIVIL ACTIONS REGARDING TER-RORIST ACTS. 
Section 2337 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2337. Suits against Government officials 
‘‘No action may be maintained under sec-
tion 2333 against— 
‘‘(1) the United States; ‘‘(2) an agency of the United States; or ‘‘(3) an officer or employee of the United 
States or any agency of the United States acting within the official capacity of the of-ficer or employee or under color of legal au-thority.’’. 
SEC. 7. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or any amend-
ment made by this Act, or the application of a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the re-mainder of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and the application of the provisions and amendments to any other per-son not similarly situated or to other cir-cumstances, shall not be affected by the holding. 
SEC. 8. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
The amendments made by this Act shall 
apply to any civil action— 
(1) pending on, or commenced on or after, 
the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) arising out of an injury to a person, 
property, or business on or after September 11, 2001. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY: 
S. 2043. A bill to revise counseling re-
quirements for certain borrowers of student loans and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, stu-
dent debt is a big and growing concern for millions of American graduates. 
As we look at ways of addressing this 
problem, it is important to keep in mind that about 90 percent of that debt is owed to the Federal Government. The Federal Government currently holds more than $1 trillion of student loan debt. That makes the U.S. Depart-ment of Education one of the country’s largest lenders. 
As such, any solution to the debt 
problem needs to examine the Federal Government’s lending practices. Fed-eral banking regulations require com-mercial lenders to confirm a borrower’s ability to repay the loan. Federal stu-dent loans are given without a credit 
check or any analysis of the student’s ability to repay the loan in the future. This is intentional, since many pro-spective college students have no cred-it and little or no income, but it also puts all the burden on student bor-rowers to make sure they don’t borrow more than they need. 
As a Nation, we have accepted that it 
makes moral and financial sense to as-sist low-income Americans in accessing higher education opportunities, and we do that to the tune of billions of dol-lars through Pell grants, subsidized student loans, and other student aid programs. However, while need-based Federal student aid is vital to help stu-dents who could not otherwise afford to attend college, students are able to borrow well in excess of their financial need and potentially in excess of what they will be able to repay. So some-thing needs to be done about this. 
College financial aid officers are re-
quired under law to issue Federal loans up to the full amount for which the 
student is eligible even if a financial aid administrator knows a student is borrowing more than the student needs and will likely have trouble repaying. Think about that. Even if the financial aid administrator knows the student plans to put the funds toward an en-gagement ring or sports car, Federal rules say they must issue the loan. If a bank followed the same rules as the Federal Government follows for stu-dent aid, it would be accused of preda-tory lending. 
There have been lots of suggestions 
about how to address the student debt issue, but if you don’t tackle the root of the problem, it is like closing the barn door after the horse has gotten out. A good place to start is looking at how our current Federal student lend-ing practices may be helping to fuel the student debt problem. For example, about 60 percent of the students at the University of Iowa graduate with debt, and their average debt is about $25,000. However, the university estimates that of that $25,000 figure, about $13,000—or 60 percent of the debt—is debt that was incurred to pay for tuition, room and board, and books, and the remainder is for what can be called lifestyle ex-penses. In other words, about 40 per-cent of the average student debt taken out by the University of Iowa student goes toward lifestyle-enhancing extras. 
The Senate Health, Education, Labor 
and Pensions Committee will be look-ing at a number of reforms to the stu-dent loan program as it drafts legisla-tion to reauthorize and reform the Higher Education Act. I know that our esteemed Chairman A
LEXANDER has in 
the past proposed giving higher edu-cation institutions additional tools to reduce unnecessary student borrowing. I have worked with Senator F
RANKEN  
of Minnesota on some measures to pro-vide more information about college costs when students are selecting a col-lege in the very first place, which will hopefully encourage more price com-petition to combat rising tuition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.038 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6703 September 16, 2015 
There is room for a lot of innovation 
in higher education. I don’t pretend to have all the answers and solutions to the problem of college cost and student debt, but I am proposing some very simple, very commonsense first steps to empower students with the informa-tion they need to make sound financial decisions. 
The Higher Education Act already 
contains a requirement for colleges to provide counseling to new borrowers of Federal student loans. However, the current disclosures in the law do not do enough to encourage students to under-stand the scope and impact of the debt they will face when they graduate. 
I am here on the floor to introduce 
legislation I have entitled the Know Before You Owe Federal Student Loan Act. This bill strengthens the current student loan counseling requirement by making the counseling an annual requirement before new loans are dis-bursed rather than just for first-time borrowers. My bill then adds several key components to the information in-stitutions of higher education are re-quired to share with students as part of that loan counseling. Under my bill, colleges would have to provide an esti-mate of the student’s projected loan debt-to-income ratio at the time of their graduation. This would be based on the starting wages for that stu-dent’s program of study and the esti-mated total student loan debt the stu-dent will likely take out to complete the program. That way, students will have a real picture of the student loan payment they will face and whether they will be able to afford those pay-ments with their likely future income from whatever program they majored in. 
We often hear that statistics show 
that on average a college degree results in higher earnings over a lifetime. However, not all college degrees have the same earning potential, and many students will be in for a very rude awakening when they graduate and find that what they are able to earn with their degree does not match the level of their debt. Students deserve to have this information when they are deciding how much to borrow, not after they graduate with unmanageable debt. 
This legislation I am proposing will 
also ensure that students are counseled to borrow only the minimum amount necessary to cover expenses and in-formed that they do not have to accept the full amount of the loan offered. Students will also be given options for reducing borrowing through scholar-ships, reduced expenses, work study, or other work opportunities. Also, not graduating on time can significantly increase student loan debt, so students will be counseled on the impact of add-ing an additional year of study to the total indebtedness and how they can stay on track to graduate on time. 
Crucially, the bill also requires that 
a student manually enter either in writing or through electronic means the exact dollar amount of the Federal 
direct loan funding the student desires to borrow. The current process almost makes borrowing the maximum the de-fault option. If you want to borrow less than is offered, you have to ask for less. 
Because the amount of Federal stu-
dent loans a student is eligible to bor-row is not limited by the calculation of the financial need or ability to repay, it is important that the student make a conscious, informed decision about how much to borrow rather than sim-ply accepting the total amount of the Federal student loan which the law al-lows them to borrow. 
Many schools already make a con-
certed effort to counsel students against over-borrowing, and such ef-forts are showing signs of success right in my home State of Iowa. 
My alma mater, the University of 
Northern Iowa, created a program 5 years ago with the theme ‘‘Live Like a Student.’’ The program includes work-shops and courses designed to educate students on the importance of living within their means while they are in school so they need not live like a stu-dent later in life. As a result, the uni-versity has lowered average student debt from more than $26,000 to $23,163. 
Grand View University, also in my 
State, has a financial empowerment plan where students and families con-struct a comprehensive 4-year financ-ing plan. Under this plan, borrowing is based on the student’s future earning potential in the student’s field of study. The 4-year plan also helps en-sure students graduate on time, and tuition increases are kept at 2 percent a year over those 4 years. 
Iowa Student Loan, my State-based 
nonprofit lender, also has a program called the Student Loan Game Plan, which is an online interactive resource that calculates a student’s likely debt- to-income ratio. It walks students through how their borrowing will af-fect their lifestyle in the future and what actions they can take now to re-duce their borrowing. As a result, in the past year 18.2 percent of the stu-dents who participated decreased the amount they planned to borrow by an average of $3,680, saving students $2.1 million in additional loan debt. 
My legislation would also require 
that students receive regular state-ments about their loan while they are in school, just as they will when they graduate and start repaying. With just about any other kind of loan you can think of, borrowers start receiving statements right away and are ex-pected to make payments. With Fed-eral student loans, payments are not required until a period of time after graduation and no statements are sent out until that time, so students forget about the amount of debt they are ac-cruing until they graduate and get their first bill. 
What is more, many Federal student 
loans still accrue interest while the student is in school, which will be added to the total loan when they start 
repaying. That means that not only do students forget how much debt they have while in school, making them less conscientious about living like a stu-dent, but their loan may actually be growing while they are in school. Stu-dents have the option to pay that in-terest while they are in school so that it isn’t capitalized into their loan. However, few students take advantage of this option. The regular statement my bill calls for would encourage this practice so students get used to paying some amount toward their loans even before they graduate. This will also make students more aware of their bor-rowing and less likely to overborrow each time they take out a new loan. 
A college education generally re-
mains a good investment. However, when students’ academic dreams be-come a nightmare upon graduation be-cause they borrowed more from the Federal Government than they can af-ford to repay with the degree they earned, they understandably feel some-thing is very wrong. The Federal Gov-ernment, as the lender making these loans, has a responsibility to at least ensure that students know what they are getting themselves into before they get in over their heads. My legislation is intended to deal with that issue. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill to prevent more students from drowning in Federal student loan debt, and I will introduce that bill at this particular time. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2663. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and 
Ms. C OLLINS ) proposed an amendment to the 
resolution S. Res. 242, celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health. 
SA 2664. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and 
Ms. C
OLLINS ) proposed an amendment to the 
resolution S. Res. 242, supra. 
SA 2665. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and 
Ms. C OLLINS ) proposed an amendment to the 
resolution S. Res. 242, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2663. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself 
and Ms. C OLLINS ) proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution S. Res. 242, cele-brating the 25th anniversary of the Of-fice of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health; as follows: 
On page 4, line 1, strike ‘‘it is the sense of 
the Senate that’’ and insert ‘‘the Senate’’. 
On page 4, strike line 2 and all that follows 
through page 5, line 23, and insert the fol-lowing: 
(1) commends ORWH for its work over the 
past 25 years to improve and save the lives of women worldwide and expresses that ORWH must remain intact for this and future gen-erations; 
(2) recognizes that there remain striking 
sex and gender differences among many dis-eases and conditions on which ORWH should continue to focus; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.044 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6704 September 16, 2015 
(3) encourages ORWH to continue to focus 
on ensuring that NIH supports biomedical re-search that considers sex as a biological variable across the research spectrum; and 
(4) encourages the Director of the NIH to 
continue to consult and involve ORWH on all matters related to the influence of sex and gender on health, especially those matters pertaining to the consideration of sex as a biological variable in research with vertebrate animals and humans. 
SA 2664. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself 
and Ms. C OLLINS ) proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution S. Res. 242, cele-brating the 25th anniversary of the Of-fice of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health; as follows: 
In the eighteenth whereas clause, strike 
‘‘CDC’’ and insert ‘‘Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention’’. 
SA 2665. Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself 
and Ms. C OLLINS ) proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution S. Res. 242, cele-brating the 25th anniversary of the Of-fice of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A resolu-
tion celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 16, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Cause, Response, and Impacts of EPA’s Gold King Mine Spill.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 16, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Role and Strategy in the Middle East: Syria, Iraq, and the Fight against ISIS.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on September 16, 2015, in room SD– 628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct an over-
sight hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s Gold King Mine Disaster: Examining the Harmful Impacts to Indian Country.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on September 16, 2015, at 10:15 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Achieving the Promise of Health In-formation Technology: Improving Care Through Patient Access to Their Records.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 16, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Regulatory Reform Proposals.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on September 16, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–418 of the Russell Sen-ate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
object, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULE-
MAKING (NPRM OR NOTICE), AND REQUEST FOR COMMENTS FROM INTERESTED PARTIES 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the attached documentation from the Office of Com-pliance be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. C ONGRESS , 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE , 
Washington, DC, September 16, 2015. 
Hon. O RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President Pro Tempore, U.S. Senate, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. PRESIDENT : Section 202(d) of the 
Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (CAA), 2 U.S.C. §1312(d), requires the Board 
of Directors of the Office of Compliance (‘‘the Board’’) to issue regulations imple-menting Section 202 of the CAA relating to sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (‘‘FMLA’’), 29 U.S.C. §§2611 through 2615, made applicable to the legislative branch by the CAA. 2 U.S.C. §1312(a)(1). 
Section 304(b)(1) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 
§1384(b)(1), requires that the Board issue a general notice of proposed rulemaking by transmitting ‘‘such notice to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent Pro Tempore of the Senate for publica-tion in the Congressional Record on the first day of which both Houses are in session fol-lowing such transmittal.’’ 
On behalf of the Board, I am hereby trans-
mitting the attached notice of proposed rule-making to the President Pro Tempore of the Senate. I request that this notice be pub-lished in the Senate section of the Congres-sional Record on the first day on which both Houses are in session following receipt of this transmittal. In compliance with Section 304(b)(2) of the CAA, a comment period of 60 days after the publication of this notice of proposed rulemaking is being provided before adoption of the rules. 
Any inquiries regarding this notice should 
be addressed to Barbara J. Sapin, Executive Director of the Office of Compliance, Room LA-200, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Washington, DC 20540; 202-724-9250. 
Sincerely, 
B
ARBARA L. C AMENS , 
Chair of the Board of Directors , 
Office of Compliance. 
FROM THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE  
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE  
NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING (NPRM OR  
NOTICE) , AND REQUEST FOR COMMENTS FROM  
INTERESTED PARTIES . 
Modifications to the rights and protections 
under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA), Notice of Proposed Rule-making, as required by 2 U.S.C. § 1331, Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, as amended (CAA). 
Background: 
The purpose of this Notice is to propose 
modifications to the existing legislative branch FMLA substantive regulations under section 202 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. §1302 et seq.), which applies the rights and protections of sections 101 through 105 of the FMLA to cov-ered employees. These modifications are nec-essary in order to bring existing legislative branch FMLA regulations (adopted April 16, 1996) in line with recent statutory changes to the FMLA, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. 
What is the authority under the CAA for 
these proposed substantive regulations? 
Section 202(a) of the CAA provides that the 
rights and protections established by sec-tions 101 through 105 of the FMLA (29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615) shall apply to covered employ-ees. 
Section 202(d)(1) and (2) of the CAA require 
that the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board), pursuant to section 1384 of the CAA, issue regulations imple-menting the rights and protections of the FMLA and that those regulations shall be ‘‘the same as substantive regulations pro-
mulgated by the Secretary of Labor to im-plement the statutory provisions referred to in the subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may deter-mine, for good cause shown . . . that a modi-fication of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The modifications to the regulations issued by the Board herein are on all matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regula-tions to be issued. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.041 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6705 September 16, 2015 
Are there currently FMLA regulations in ef-
fect? 
Yes. On January 22, 1996, the OOC Board 
adopted and submitted for publication in the Congressional Record the original FMLA final regulations implementing section 202 of the CAA, which applies certain rights and protections of the FMLA. On April 15, 1996, pursuant to section 304(c) of the CAA, the House and the Senate passed resolutions ap-proving the final regulations. Specifically, the Senate passed S. Res. 242, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to the Senate and the employees of the Sen-
ate; the House passed H. Res. 400 providing for approval of the final regulations applica-ble to the House and the employees of the House; and the House and the Senate passed S. Con. Res. 51, providing for approval of the final regulations applicable to employing of-fices and employees other than those offices and employees of the House and the Senate. After the Senate and the House passed these resolutions, the OOC Board formally issued the FMLA regulations on April 19, 1996. 
What does the FMLA provide? The FMLA entitles eligible employees of 
covered employers to take job-protected, un-paid leave, or to substitute appropriate ac-crued paid leave, for up to a total of 12 work-weeks in a 12-month period: for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter and to care for the newborn child; for the placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adop-tion or foster care; to care for the employee’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a seri-ous health condition; when the employee is unable to work due to the employee’s own serious health condition; or for any quali-fying exigency arising out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or par-ent is a military member on covered active duty (‘‘qualifying exigency leave’’). An eligi-ble employee may also take up to 26 work-weeks of FMLA leave during a ‘‘single 12- month period’’ to care for a covered service-member with a serious injury or illness, when the employee is the spouse, son, daugh-ter, parent, or next of kin of the servicemem-ber. 
FMLA leave may be taken in a block, or 
under certain circumstances, intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule basis. In addi-tion to providing job-protected family and medical leave, employers must also maintain any preexisting group health plan coverage for an employee on FMLA-protected leave under the same conditions that would apply if the employee had not taken leave. 2 U.S.C. §1312(a)(1) (incorporating 29 U.S.C. §2614). Once the leave period is concluded, the em-ployer is required to restore the employee to the same or an equivalent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. Id. Under the FMLA statute, but not applica-
ble to the legislative branch, if an employee believes that his or her FMLA rights have been violated, the employee may file a com-plaint with the Department of Labor (DOL) or file a private lawsuit in federal or state court. Under the CAA, a covered employee of the legislative branch may be awarded dam-ages if the employing office has violated the employee’s FMLA rights. The employee is entitled to reimbursement for any monetary loss incurred, equitable relief as appropriate, interest, attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees, and court costs. Liquidated damages also may be awarded. See 29 U.S.C. §2617. 
What changes do the proposed amendments 
make? 
First, these proposed amendments add the 
military leave provisions of the FMLA en-acted under the National Defense Authoriza-tion Acts (NDAA) for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010 (Pub.L. 110–181, Div. A, Title V §§585(a)(2), (3)(A)–(D) and Pub.L. 111–84, Div. A, Title V §565(a)(1)(B) & (4)), which: extend 
the availability of FMLA leave to family members of the Regular Armed Forces for qualifying exigencies arising out of a servicemember’s deployment; define those deployments covered under these provisions; extend FMLA military caregiver leave for family members of current servicemembers to include an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty; and extend FMLA military caregiver leave to family members of certain veterans with serious in-juries or illnesses. This NPRM also sets forth a proposed revision to the regulation defin-ing ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule on the definition of spouse and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell, et al., 
v. Hodges, No. 14–556, 2015 WL 2473451 (U.S. 
June 26, 2015), which requires a state to li-cense a marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage be-tween two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and per-formed out-of-state. 
Why are these changes to the FMLA regula-
tions necessary? 
The CAA requires that the FMLA regula-
tions applicable to the legislative branch and promulgated by the OOC, be the same as sub-stantive regulations issued by the Secretary of Labor, unless good cause is shown for de-viation therefrom. On March 8, 2013, the DOL issued its Final Rule implementing its amended FMLA regulations (77 FR 8962), which provide for military caregiver leave for a veteran, qualifying exigency leave for parental care, and special leave calculations 
for flight crew employees. The OOC Board is required pursuant to the CAA to amend its regulations to achieve parity unless there is good cause shown to deviate from the DOL’s regulations. 
In addition, the FMLA amendments pro-
viding additional rights and protections for servicemembers and their families were en-acted into law by the NDAA for Fiscal Years 2008 and 2010. The Congressional committee reports accompanying the bills containing these provisions do not comply with Section 102(b)(3) of the CAA in that, while the bills do contain sections relating ‘‘to terms and conditions of employment,’’ the accom-panying reports do not ‘‘describe the manner in which the provision of the bill [relating to terms and conditions of employment] . . . apply to the legislative branch’’ or ‘‘include a statement of the reasons the provision does not apply [to the legislative branch]’’ (in the case of a provision not applicable to the leg-islative branch). 2 U.S.C. §1302(3); House Committee on Armed Services, H.Rpt. 110– 146 (May 11, 2007), H.Rpt. 111–166 (June 18, 2009). Consequently, when the FMLA was amended to add these additional rights and protections, Congress failed to make clear its intent as to whether these additional rights and protections apply to the legisla-tive branch.
1Therefore, as there is no provi-
sion in the CAA that states that the CAA will be considered amended whenever the FMLA is amended, these proposed amend-ments to the regulations are necessary to re-solve any ambiguity regarding the applica-bility of the 2008 and 2010 FMLA amend-ments to the legislative branch by ensuring that protections under the CAA are in line with existing public and private sector pro-tections under the FMLA.
2Accordingly, 
while these regulations may technically re-quire employing offices to do more than what section 202 of the CAA currently re-quires, the Board recommends that Congress use its rulemaking authority to clarify that the rights and protections for legislative branch servicemembers and their families have been expanded in a manner consistent with the 2008 and 2010 amendments to the 
FMLA. 
What do the military family leave provi-
sions provide? 
Section 585(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 
2008 amends the FMLA to provide leave to el-igible employees of covered employers to care for injured servicemembers and for any qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that a covered family member is on active duty or has been notified of an impending call to active duty status in support of a con-tingency operation (collectively referred to herein as ‘‘military family leave’’). The pro-visions of this amendment providing FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember became effective on January 28, 2008, when the law was enacted. The provisions of this amendment providing for FMLA leave due to a qualifying exigency arising out of a cov-ered family member’s active duty (or call to active duty) status were effective on Janu-ary 16, 2009. 
Section 565(a) of the NDAA for Fiscal Year 
2010, enacted on October 28, 2009, amends the military family leave provisions of the FMLA. Pub. Law 111–84. The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA expands the availability of qualifying exigency leave and military caregiver leave. Qualifying exigency leave, which was made available to family members of the National Guard and Reserve components under the Fiscal Year 2008 NDAA, is expanded to in-clude family members of the Regular Armed Forces. The entitlement to qualifying exi-gency leave is expanded by substituting the term ‘‘covered active duty’’ for ‘‘active duty’’ and defining covered active duty for a member of the Regular Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country’’ and for a member of the Reserve components of the Armed Forces as ‘‘duty during the de-ployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a call or order to active duty under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(14). Prior to the Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amend-ments, there was no requirement that mem-bers of the National Guard and Reserves be deployed to a foreign country. 
The Fiscal Year 2010 NDAA amendments 
expand the definition of a serious injury or illness for military caregiver leave for cur-rent members of the Armed Forces to in-clude an injury or illness that existed prior to service and was aggravated in the line of duty on active duty. 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(A). These amendments also expand the military caregiver leave provisions of the FMLA to allow family members to take military care-giver leave to care for certain veterans. The definition of a ‘‘covered servicemember,’’ which is the term the Act uses to indicate the group of military members for whom military caregiver leave may be taken, is broadened to include a veteran with a seri-ous injury or illness who is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, if the veteran was a member of the Armed Forces at any time during the period of five years preceding the date of the medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy. 29 U.S.C. §2611(15)(B). The amendments define a seri-ous injury or illness for a veteran as a ‘‘qualifying (as defined by the Secretary of Labor) injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and that manifested itself before or after the member became a veteran.’’ 29 U.S.C. §2611(18)(B). 
What is the effect of amending the defini-
tion of ‘‘spouse’’? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6706 September 16, 2015 
Amending the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ 
brings the regulations in line with the DOL’s February 25, 2015 Final Rule and the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell 
et al. v. Hodges . 
On February 25, 2015, the DOL published its 
Final Rule for 29 CFR 825 in the Federal Reg-ister, Vol. 80, No. 37, 9989. This Final Rule changed the definition of ‘‘spouse’’ under the FMLA in light of the United States Supreme Court’s decision in United States v. Windsor , 
which found section 3 of the Defense of Mar-riage Act (DOMA) to be unconstitutional. The DOL’s Final Rule amends the definition of spouse so that eligible employees in legal same-sex marriages will be able to take FMLA leave to care for their spouse or fam-ily member, regardless of where they live. 
Also, on June 26, 2015, the United States 
Supreme Court issued Obergefell et al. v. 
Hodges , which requires a state to license a 
marriage between two people of the same sex and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed out-of- state. 
To date, the DOL has not indicated wheth-
er it plans to further amend the definition of spouse in light of the United States Supreme Court’s decision in Obergefell et al. v. Hodges . 
Therefore, the Board invites comment re-garding whether the Board should adopt the DOL’s current definition of spouse or revise the definition of spouse as the Board has pro-posed in sections 825.102 and 825.122. 
Minor editorial changes are proposed to 
sections 825.120, 825.121, 825.122, 825.127, 825.201 and 825.202 to make gender neutral ref-erences to husbands and wives, and mothers and fathers where appropriate so that they apply equally to opposite-sex and same-sex spouses. The OOC proposes using the terms ‘‘spouses’’ and ‘‘parents,’’ as appropriate, in these regulations. These editorial changes do not change the availability of FMLA leave but simply clarify its availability for all eli-gible employees who are legally married. 
Procedural Summary: 
How are substantive regulations proposed 
and approved under the CAA? 
Pursuant to section 304 of the CAA, 2 
U.S.C. §1384, the procedure for proposing and approving substantive regulations provides that: 
(1) the Board of Directors proposes sub-
stantive regulations and publishes a general notice of proposed rulemaking in the Con-gressional Record; 
(2) there be a comment period of at least 30 
days after the date of publication of the gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking; 
(3) after consideration of comments by the 
Board of Directors, the Board adopts regula-tions and transmits notice of such action (together with the regulations and a rec-ommendation regarding the method for Con-gressional approval of the regulations) to the Speaker of the House and President Pro Tempore of the Senate for publication in the Congressional Record; 
(4) there be committee referral and action 
on the proposed regulations by resolution in each House, concurrent resolution, or by joint resolution; and 
(5) there be final publication of the ap-
proved regulations in the Congressional Record, with an effective date prescribed in the final publication. 
For more detail, please reference the text 
of 2 U.S.C. §1384. This Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is step (1) of the outline set forth above. 
What is the approach taken by these pro-
posed substantive regulations? 
The Board will follow the procedures as 
enumerated above and as required by stat-ute. The Board will review and respond to any comments received under step (2) of the 
outline above, and make any changes nec-essary to ensure that the regulations fully implement section 210 of the CAA and reflect the practices and policies particular to the legislative branch. 
Are there substantive differences in the 
proposed regulations for the House of Rep-resentatives, the Senate and other employing offices? 
No. The Board of Directors has identified 
no ‘‘good cause’’ for varying the text of these regulations. Therefore, if these regulations are approved as proposed, there will be one text applicable to all employing offices and covered employees. See 2 U.S.C. §1331(e)(2). 
Are these proposed regulations also rec-
ommended by the Office of Compliance’s Ex-ecutive Director, the Deputy Executive Direc-tor for the Senate, and the Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives? 
As required by section 304(b)(1) of the CAA, 
2 U.S.C. §1384(b)(1), the substance of these regulations is also recommended by the Ex-ecutive Director, the Deputy Executive Di-rector for the Senate and the Deputy Execu-tive Director for the House of Representa-tives. 
Are these proposed substantive regulations 
available to persons with disabilities in an al-ternate format? 
This Notice of Proposed Regulations is 
available on the OOC’s web site, www.compliance.gov, which is compliant with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, 29 U.S.C. §794(d). This No-tice can also be made available in large print or Braille. Requests for this Notice in an al-ternative format should be made to: Annie Leftwood, Executive Assistant, Office of Compliance, 110 2nd Street, S.E., Room LA– 200, Washington, D.C. 20540; 202–724–9250; TDD: 202–426–1912; FAX: 202–426–1913. 
60-DAY COMMENT PERIOD REGARDING 
THE PROPOSED REGULATIONS 
How long do I have to submit comments re-
garding the proposed regulations? 
Comments regarding the OOC’s proposed 
regulations set forth in this Notice are in-vited for a period of sixty (60) days following the date of the appearance of this Notice in the Congressional Record. 
How do I submit comments? Comments must be made in writing to the 
Executive Director, Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Room LA–200, Wash-ington, D.C. 20540–1999. Those wishing to re-ceive confirmation of the receipt of their comments are requested to provide a self-ad-dressed, stamped post card with their sub-mission. It is requested, but not required, that an electronic version of any comments be provided either on an accompanying com-puter disk or e-mailed to the OOC via its web site. Comments may also be submitted by facsimile to the Executive Director at 202– 426–1913 (a non-toll-free number). 
Am I allowed to view copies of comments 
submitted by others? 
Yes. Copies of submitted comments will be 
available for review on the OOC’s web site at www.compliance.gov, and at the Office of Compliance, 110 Second Street, S.E., Wash-ington, D.C. 20540–1999, on Monday through Friday (non-federal holidays) between the hours of 9:30 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. 
Summary: 
The Congressional Accountability Act of 
1995 (CAA), PL 104–1, was enacted into law on January 23, 1995. The CAA, as amended, ap-plies the rights and protections of thirteen federal labor and employment statutes to covered employees and employing offices within the legislative branch of the federal government. Section 202 of the CAA applies to employees covered by the CAA, the rights and protections established by sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave 
Act of 1993 (FMLA), 29 U.S.C. §§2611–2615. The above provisions of section 202 became effec-tive on January 1, 1997. 2 U.S.C. §1312. 
The Board of Directors of the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) is now publishing pro-posed amended regulations to implement section 202 of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. §§1301–1438, as applied to covered employees of the House of Representatives, the Senate, and certain Congressional instrumentalities listed below. 
The purpose of these amended regulations 
is to implement section 202 of the CAA. In this Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM or Notice) the Board proposes that virtually identical regulations be adopted for the Sen-ate, the House of Representatives, and the six Congressional instrumentalities. Accord-ingly: 
(1) Senate . It is proposed that the amended 
regulations as described in this Notice be in-cluded in the body of regulations that shall apply to entities within the Senate, and this proposal regarding the Senate entities is rec-ommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the Senate. 
(2) House of Representatives . It is further 
proposed that the amended regulations as de-scribed in this Notice be included in the body of regulations that shall apply to entities within the House of Representatives, and this proposal regarding the House of Rep-resentatives entities is recommended by the OOC’s Deputy Executive Director for the House of Representatives. 
(3) Certain Congressional instrumentalities . It 
is further proposed that the amended regula-
tions as described in this Notice be included in the body of regulations that shall apply to the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, the Capitol Police, the Congres-sional Budget Office, the Office of the Archi-tect of the Capitol (including the Botanic Garden), the Office of the Attending Physi-cian, and the Office of Compliance; and this proposal regarding these six Congressional instrumentalities is recommended by the OOC’s Executive Director. 
Dates: Comments are due within 60 days 
after the date of publication of this Notice in the Congressional Record. 
Section-by-Section Discussion of Proposed 
Changes to the FMLA Regulations 
The following is a section-by-section dis-
cussion of the proposed revisions. Where a change is proposed to a regulatory section, that section is discussed below. However, as the DOL has significantly reorganized its FMLA regulations, which the OOC’s pro-posed regulations mirror, many of the sec-tions are moved into other areas of the sub-part. The OOC as a result will use the pro-posed section and numbers to provide expla-nation and analysis of changes. In addition, even if a section is not discussed, there may be minor editorial changes or corrections that do not warrant discussion. The titles to each section of the existing regulations are in the form of a question. The proposal would reword each question into the more common format of a descriptive title, and 
the OOC invites comments on whether this change is helpful. In addition, several sec-tions have been restructured and reorganized to improve the accessibility of the informa-tion ( e.g., guidance on leave for pregnancy 
and birth of a child is addressed in one con-solidated section; an employing office’s no-tice obligations are combined in one sec-tion). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6707 September 16, 2015 
Section by Section Discussion 
Subpart A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-
ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
Section 825.102 Definitions. 
For the reasons stated below, the Board 
finds good cause to depart from the DOL reg-ulations with respect to some of the defini-tions. For example, the term ‘‘Act’’ as de-fined in the DOL regulations and referring to the FMLA can be confused with the Congres-sional Accountability Act (CAA). Accord-ingly, the definition of ‘‘Act’’ is excluded from the Board’s proposed regulations. In ad-dition, to avoid any confusion, the definition for ‘‘Administrator’’ in the DOL regulations has been deleted. Similarly, as there is no airline flight crew covered under the CAA, the definition of ‘‘airline flight crew em-ployee’’ has been deleted in the Board’s pro-posed regulations as have all references to ‘‘airline flight crew employee.’’ 
Because the DOL definitions of ‘‘commerce 
and industry or activity affecting com-merce’’ and ‘‘applicable monthly guarantee’’ involve concepts that do not apply to em-ploying offices covered by the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude these defi-nitions from the proposed regulations. 
Because the DOL’s definition of ‘‘eligible 
employee’’ (paragraphs ii(3)(4)(5)(6)(7) in sec-tion 825.102) is not consistent with the defini-tion of ‘‘eligible employee’’ in CAA section 202(a)(2)(B), the Board finds good cause to keep the definition of ‘‘employee’’ that is used in the current version of the OOC FMLA regulations and to exclude the defini-tion in the DOL regulation. 
Likewise, because the definition of ‘‘em-
ployer’’ in CAA section 202(a)(2)(A) is incon-sistent with the definition in the DOL regu-lations, the Board finds good cause to keep the definition of ‘‘employing office’’ found in the current regulations. 
In the paragraphs defining ‘‘health care 
provider,’’ to avoid confusion, the Board is substituting ‘‘the Secretary’’ with ‘‘the De-partment of Labor.’’ Thus, the OOC FMLA regulations include in the definition of ‘‘health care provider’’ as ‘‘any other person determined by the Department of Labor to be 
capable of providing health care services.’’ 825.102(1)(ii) (emphasis added). 
Because these terms are not applicable to 
employing offices covered by the CAA, the Board has also found good cause to exclude from the proposed OOC regulations the DOL definitions of ‘‘person’’ and ‘‘public agency.’’ 
Under the paragraph defining ‘‘physical or 
mental disability,’’ the Board has replaced the language from the DOL regulations indi-
cating that 29 CFR part 1630 defines these 
terms with language that states that regula-tions at 29 CFR part 1630 issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq ., as amended, provide 
guidance to these terms. (Italics added). 
The Board is proposing to adopt the fol-
lowing definition of ‘‘spouse’’: 
Spouse means a husband or wife. For pur-
poses of this definition, husband or wife re-fers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This definition includes an indi-vidual in a same-sex marriage. This defini-tion also includes an individual in a common law marriage that either: (1) was entered into in a State that recognizes such mar-riages or, (2) if entered into outside of any State, is valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
Section 825.105 Counting employees for de-
termining coverage. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
will remain reserved in the OOC’s regula-tions. 
Section 825.106 Joint Employer Coverage. 
As joint employment relationships are 
treated differently under the CAA than by the DOL, the Board finds good cause to keep 
the language in the current OOC regulations in paragraphs (b) through (e) of this section. Also, as it is not applicable under the CAA, the Board finds good cause to exclude from its definitions language relating to Profes-sional Employer Organizations (PEOs) as joint employers. As the DOL has noted, PEOs contract with private small businesses to provide services that large businesses can af-ford, but small businesses cannot, such as compliance with government standards, em-ployer liability management, retirement benefits, and other employment benefits. Congress already provides these services for its employees. 
Sections 825.107–825.109 Successor in interest 
coverage; Public agency coverage; Fed-eral agency coverage. 
These sections do not apply to the CAA 
and will remain reserved in the OOC’s regu-lations. However, the Board invites comment with respect to whether the DOL section 825.107, Successor in interest coverage, should be adopted for the legislative branch. 
Section 825.110 Eligible employee. 
The Board sees good cause to exclude from 
this section the following language from the DOL regulations, which is not applicable to the CAA: 
‘‘(3) Is employed at a worksite where 50 or 
more employees are employed by the em-ployer within 75 miles of that worksite. ( See 
§825.105(b) regarding employees who work outside the U.S.)’’ 
Similarly, the Board sees good cause to ex-
clude from the OOC regulations the following paragraph: 
‘‘(e) Whether 50 employees are employed 
within 75 miles to ascertain an employee’s eligibility for FMLA benefits is determined when the employee gives notice of the need for leave. Whether the leave is to be taken at one time or on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, once an employee is de-termined eligible in response to that notice of the need for leave, the employee’s eligi-bility is not affected by any subsequent change in the number of employees em-ployed at or within 75 miles of the employ-ee’s worksite, for that specific notice of the need for leave. Similarly, an employer may not terminate employee leave that has al-ready started if the employee-count drops below 50. For example, if an employer em-ploys 60 employees in August, but expects that the number of employees will drop to 40 in December, the employer must grant FMLA benefits to an otherwise eligible em-ployee who gives notice of the need for leave in August.’’ 
Section 825.111 Determining whether 50 em-
ployees are employed within 75 miles. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. 
Section 825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 
References in the DOL’s regulations to 
state law in this section and other sections throughout the DOL’s regulations have not been adopted by the Board because state law does not apply to the legislative branch. 
Further, in this section and other sections 
throughout the DOL regulations, any ref-erences to spouses who are employed at two different worksites of an employer located more than 75 miles from each other have not been adopted by the Board because such sce-narios are not applicable to the legislative branch. 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-
MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT 
Section 825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 
Although the DOL amended its FMLA reg-
ulations to add computer employees to the list of exempt employees who do not lose 
their FLSA exempt status despite being pro-vided unpaid FMLA leave, the Board finds good cause not to include ‘‘computer em-ployees’’ to the list of employees who may qualify as exempt from the overtime and minimum wage requirements of the FLSA. In light of the fact that the Board’s Sep-tember 29, 2004 Proposed Regulations imple-menting exemptions from the overtime pay requirements under the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938 (FLSA) were never enacted into law and the existing OOC FLSA Regula-tions do not include exemptions for com-puter employees, the OOC’s FMLA regula-tions should not include these employees in this section. The Board specifically seeks comments to this departure from the DOL regulations. 
Further, any references in this section and 
other sections throughout the DOL regula-tions which place limitations on an em-ployee who works for an employing office with fewer than 50 employees have not been adopted by the Board because such limita-tions do not apply to the legislative branch. See 825.111. 
Section 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 
The DOL regulations under section 
825.207(f) permit an employer to require that an employee’s use of paid compensatory time for a FMLA reason can be used against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
As the Board does not know whether or 
under what circumstances, employing offices currently allow or require that paid compen-satory time be used for a FMLA reason and be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement, the Board proposes that the comparable OOC FMLA regulation read as follows: 
Under the FLSA, an employing office al-
ways has the right to cash out an employee’s compensatory time or to require the em-ployee to use the time. Therefore, if an em-ployee requests and is permitted to use ac-crued compensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 
The Board seeks comments from interested 
parties as to whether such a provision is ap-propriate for the legislative branch. 
Section 825.209 Maintenance of employee 
benefits. 
The Board has changed what it believes to 
be a typographical error in the DOL regula-tions and cross references this section with section 825.102 and not section 825.800 when referring to the definition of ‘‘group health plan.’’ 
Section 825.215 Equivalent position. 
Any references from the DOL regulations 
in this section and other sections to the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) have not been adopted by the Board because ERISA does not apply to the legisla-tive branch. 
Section 825.216 Limitations on employee’s 
right to reinstatement. 
The Board questions whether the following 
language in section 825.216(a)(3) of the DOL regulations applies to the legislative branch: ‘‘On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work on a contract, and after that contract period the contract was award-ed to another contractor, the successor con-tractor may be required to restore the em-ployee if it is a successor employer. See 
§825.107.’’ 
The Board proposes that the OOC regula-
tions contain the following language and re-
quests comments from interested parties, es-pecially with respect to caucus or committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6708 September 16, 2015 
employees: ‘‘On the other hand, if an em-
ployee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a project for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the same employee was assigned to work at another employing office on the same project, the successor employing office may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office.’’ 
Section 825.217 Key employee, general rule. 
For the reasons stated above, the Board 
finds good cause not to follow the DOL changes to section 825.217(b) which exempts computer employees from the minimum wage and overtime requirements of the FLSA. As the language in the FLSA is in-consistent with the OOC FLSA regulations, the Board believes that this exemption should not be included. The Board requests comments from interested parties on this de-letion. 
Section 825.220 Protection for employees who 
request leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
Except for the paragraph related to settle-
ments, as noted below, the Board proposes to adopt the DOL amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.220 provides protec-tion for employees who request leave or oth-erwise assert FMLA rights and includes new language discussing remedies when an em-ploying office interferes with an employee’s rights under the FMLA. This section further clarifies that the prohibition against inter-ference includes prohibitions against retalia-tion as well as discrimination. The Board be-lieves that there is good cause to make changes to the DOL’s clarification of the set-tlement provision in paragraph (d) of this section. Sections 1414 and 1415 of the CAA govern awards and settlements made as a re-sult of parties proceeding through an OOC process. While the Board recognizes that par-ties will now have the right to settle or re-lease FMLA claims without the approval of the OOC or a court, parties seeking to re-lease claims which were raised in an OOC process pursuant to CAA sections 1414 and 1415 must still comply with those provisions. Therefore, the Board proposes to insert the following language: ‘‘Except for settlement agreements covered by 1414 and/or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the ap-proval of the Office of Compliance or a court.’’ 
Subpart C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA. 
Section 825.300 Employing office notice re-
quirements. 
The Board proposes to follow the DOL reg-
ulations insofar as they consolidate the em-ploying office notice requirements from sec-tions 825.300, 825.301, 825.110 and 825.208 into one comprehensive section addressing an em-ploying office’s notice obligations. However, the Board finds good cause not to adopt the DOL regulations in section 825.300(a) General notice, but instead to keep the requirements found in the current OOC regulations under section 825.301(a). The DOL regulations, at section 825.300(a), address the requirement that employing offices post a notice on em-ployee rights and responsibilities under the law and the civil monetary penalty provision in the law for employing offices who will-fully violate the posting requirement. In 1995, while developing the current FMLA reg-ulations, the OOC Board determined that ‘‘while the CAA incorporates certain specific sections of the FMLA, the CAA explicitly did not incorporate the notice posting and rec-ordkeeping requirements of sections 109 and 
106(b) of the FMLA. For the reasons dis-cussed with respect to the FLSA, as the CAA has not incorporated the notice posting and recordkeeping requirements of the FMLA, 
the Board will not do so.’’ As a result, we find no authority that would require employ-ing offices covered under the CAA to provide notice postings of employees’ FMLA rights in the workplace. See November 28, 1995 OOC 
Notice of Proposed Rulemaking S17628. As to the remainder of the paragraphs in this sec-tion, the Board finds no reason to depart from the amendments adopted by the DOL. 
The Board proposes to adopt section 825.300 
regarding the eligibility notice (825.300(b)); the rights and responsibility notice (825.300(c)); the designation notice (825.300(d)); and the consequences of failing to provide notice (825.300(e)). 
(b) Eligibility notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. The Board also proposes to adopt the DOL regulations consolidating existing eligibility notice requirements in current sections 825.110 and 825.301 into one section, section 825.300(b) of the OOC regulations and to strengthen and clarify them. For example, section 825.300(b)(1) of the DOL regulations requires an employer to advise an employee of his or her eligibility status when the em-ployee requests leave under the FMLA. The regulations extend the time frame for an em-ployer to respond to an employee’s request for FMLA leave from two business days to five business days. Further, the DOL regula-tions in section 825.300(b)(2) specify what in-formation an employer must convey to an employee as to eligibility status. The Board also proposes in its regulations that an em-ploying office must provide reasons to an employee if he or she is not eligible for FMLA leave, as do the DOL regulations. The regulations limit that notification to any one of the potential reasons why an em-ployee fails to meet the eligibility require-ments. 
Further, the proposed OOC regulations re-
quire employing offices to include in the eli-gibility notice an explanation of conditions applicable to the use of paid leave that runs concurrently with unpaid FMLA. While this requirement is in the current regulations, it is expanded to require that employing offices also notify employees of their continuing en-titlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if they do not comply with an employing office’s re-quired conditions for use of paid leave. 
(c) Rights and responsibilities notice. 
The Board is following the DOL regula-
tions separating the notice of rights and re-sponsibilities from the notice of eligibility. Accordingly, if the employee is eligible for FMLA leave, section 825.300(c) of the OOC regulations require the employing office to provide the employee with specific notice of his or her rights and obligations under the law and the consequences of failing to meet those obligations. 
To simplify the timing of the notice of 
rights and responsibilities and to avoid un-necessary administrative burden on employ-ing offices, section 825.300(c)(1) of the Board’s proposed regulations requires employing of-fices to provide this notice to employees at the same time they provide the eligibility notice. Additionally, if the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, section 825.300(c) requires the em-ploying office to notify the employee of any changes within five business days of the first notice of the need for FMLA leave subse-quent to any change. This timing require-ment will ensure that employees receive timely notice of the expectations and obliga-tions associated with their FMLA leave each leave year and also receive prompt notice of any change in those rights or responsibilities 
when leave is needed during the leave year. 
In this section, employing offices are re-
quired to notify employees of the method used for establishing the 12-month period for 
FMLA entitlement, or, in the case of mili-tary caregiver leave, the start date of the ‘‘single 12-month period.’’ 
Employing offices are not, however, re-
quired to provide the certification form with the notice of rights and responsibilities. No-tice of any changes in the rights and respon-sibilities notice must be provided within five business days of the first notice of an em-ployee’s need for leave subsequent to any change. Electronic distribution of the notice of rights and responsibilities is allowed, so long as the employing office can dem-onstrate that the employee (who may al-ready be on leave and who may not have ac-cess to employing office-provided computers) has access to the information electronically. 
(d) Designation notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this require-ment. Section 825.300(d) outlines the require-ments of the designation notice an employ-ing office must provide to an employee. Once the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave qualifies as FMLA leave, the employing office must no-tify the employee within five business days of making the determination whether the leave has or has not been designated as FMLA leave. This is an increase from the two-day time frame in the current OOC regu-lations. Further, only one designation notice is required for each FMLA-qualifying reason per leave year, regardless of whether the leave is taken as a continuous block of leave or on an intermittent or reduced leave sched-ule basis. 
Further, the employing office must inform 
the employee of the number of hours that would be designated as FMLA leave, only upon employee request and no more often than every 30 days if FMLA leave was taken during that period. To the extent it is not possible to provide such information (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), the employing office is required to provide such information to the employee every 30 days if the employee took leave dur-ing the 30-day period. The employing office is permitted to notify the employee of the hours counted against the FMLA leave enti-tlement orally and follow up with written notification on a pay stub at the next payday (unless the next payday is in less than one week, in which case the notice must be no later than the subsequent payday). If the em-ploying office requires that paid leave be substituted for unpaid leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employing office must inform the employee of this designa-tion at the time the leave is designated as FMLA leave. 
Although the designation notice has to be 
in writing, it may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub, and if the leave is not designated as FMLA leave, the notice to the employee may be in the form of a simple written statement. Employ-ing offices can provide an employee with both the eligibility and designation notice at the same time in cases where the employing office has adequate information to designate leave as FMLA leave when an employee re-quests the leave. 
Employing offices must provide written 
notice of any requirement for a fitness-for- duty certification, including whether the fit-ness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position and, if so, to provide a list of the essential functions of the employee’s position with the designa-tion notice. If the employee handbook or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6709 September 16, 2015 
other written documents clearly provides 
that a fitness-for-duty certificate will be re-quired, written notice is not required, but oral notice must be provided. 
Finally, the employing office is required to 
notify the employee if the information pro-vided in the designation notice changes. For example, if an employee exhausts his or her FMLA leave entitlement and the leave will no longer be designated as FMLA leave, the employing office must provide the employee with written notice of this change consistent with this section. 
(e) Consequences of failing to provide notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.300(e) clarifies that failure to comply with the notice requirements set forth in this section could constitute inter-ference with, restraint of, or denial of the use of FMLA leave. The Board proposes that the following language be included in the OOC regulations: 
Consequences of failing to provide notice. 
Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered See 825.400(c). 
Section 825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.301 addresses an employing of-fice’s obligations regarding timely designa-tion of leave as FMLA-qualifying and reiter-ates the requirement to notify the employee of the designation within five business days. Among other things, this section requires that the employing office’s designation deci-sion be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s rep-resentative and also provides that, if the em-ploying office does not have sufficient infor-mation about the employee’s reason for leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or of the employee’s spokesperson. 
Section 825.302 Employee notice require-
ments for foreseeable FMLA leave. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. In general, Section 825.302 addresses an employ-ee’s obligation to provide notice of the need for foreseeable FMLA leave. This includes requiring an employee to give at least 30 days notice when the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance or ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ if leave is foreseeable but 30 days notice is not practicable. In such cases, employees must respond to requests from employing offices to explain why it was not possible to give 30 days notice. Further, the language in this section defines ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ to be ‘‘as soon as both pos-sible and practical, taking into account all of the facts and circumstances in the indi-vidual case.’’ This is a change from defining ‘‘as soon as practicable’’ as ‘‘ordinarily with-in one or two business days.’’ 
Further, when an employee seeks leave for 
the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA but must provide: sufficient information that in-dicates that a condition renders the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of the job, or if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family mem-ber unable to perform daily activities; the anticipated duration of the absence; and 
whether the employee or the employee’s family member intends to visit a health care provider or has a condition for which the em-ployee or the employee’s family member is 
under the continuing care of a health care provider. The regulations set forth the types of information that an employee may have to provide in order to put an employing of-fice on notice of the employee’s need for FMLA-protected leave. Rather than estab-lish a list of information that must be pro-vided in all cases, the regulations provide ad-ditional guidance to employees so that they would know what information to provide to their employing offices. The nature of the in-formation necessary to put the employing of-fice on notice of the need for FMLA leave will vary depending on the circumstances. 
Employees seeking leave for previously 
certified FMLA leave must inform the em-ploying office that the leave is for a condi-tion, covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency that was previously certified or for which the em-ployee has previously taken FMLA leave. 
While an employee must still comply with 
the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements for calling in absences and requesting leave, under the new regula-tions, language stating that an employing office cannot delay or deny FMLA leave if an employee fails to follow such procedures has been deleted. However, employing offices may need to inquire further to determine for which reason the leave is being taken, and employees will be required to respond to such inquiries. 
Additionally, the regulations make clear 
that the requirement that an employee and employing office attempt to work out a schedule without unduly disrupting the em-ploying office’s operations applies only to military caregiver leave. It does not apply to qualifying exigency leave. 
Section 825.303 Employee notice require-
ments for unforeseeable FMLA leave 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.303 addresses an employee’s obli-gation to provide notice when the need for FMLA leave is unforeseeable. Section 825.303 retains the current standard that employees must provide notice of their need for unfore-seeable leave ‘‘as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the particular case,’’ but instead of expecting employees to give notice ‘‘within no more than one or two working days of learning of the need for leave,’’ in ‘‘unusual circumstances,’’ notice should be provided within the time pre-scribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applicable to such leave. Section 825.303 also retains the current standard that employees need not assert their rights under the FMLA or even mention the FMLA to put employing offices on notice of the need for unforeseeable FMLA leave, but adds the same language used in proposed section 825.302 clarifying what information must be provided in order to give sufficient notice to the employing of-fice of the need for FMLA leave. New regula-tions in section 825.303 add that the em-ployee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to de-termine whether leave is FMLA-qualifying, explaining that calling in ‘‘sick,’’ without providing additional information, will not be sufficient notice. 
Section 825.304 Employee failure to provide 
notice. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.304 follows the DOL’s reorganiza-tion of the rules that are applicable to leave foreseeable at least 30 days in advance, leave foreseeable less than 30 days in advance, and 
unforeseeable leave. This section retains lan-guage that FMLA leave cannot be delayed due to lack of required employee notice if the employing office has not complied with 
its notice requirements. 
Section 825.305 Certification, general rule. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Under the FMLA, as applied under the CAA, employing offices are permitted to require that employees provide a certification from their health care provider (or their family member’s health care provider, as appro-priate) to support the need for leave due to a serious health condition. Section 825.305 sets forth the general rules governing em-ploying office requests for medical certifi-cation to substantiate an employee’s need for FMLA leave due to a serious health con-dition. Military family leave provisions have been added to permit employing offices to re-quire employees to provide a certification in the case of leave taken for a qualifying exi-gency or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Section 825.305 applies generally to all types of cer-tification. In most cases, for example, former references to ‘‘medical certification’’ have been changed to ‘‘certification.’’ 
In section 825.305, the employing office 
should request that an employee furnish cer-tification from a health care provider at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days there-after, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. This time frame has been in-creased from two to five business days after notice of the need for FMLA leave is pro-vided. Further, the employing office may re-quest certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its dura-tion. This section also adds a 15-day time pe-riod for providing a requested certification to all cases. 
Definitions of incomplete and insufficient 
certifications have been added in this sec-tion, as well as a procedure for curing an in-complete or insufficient certification. This procedure requires that an employing office notify the employee in writing as to what additional information is necessary for the medical certification and provides seven cal-endar days in which the employee must pro-vide the additional information. If an em-ployee fails to submit a complete and suffi-cient certification, despite the opportunity to cure the deficiency, the employing office may deny the request for FMLA leave. 
Section 825.305 also deletes an earlier pro-
vision that if a less stringent medical certifi-cation standard applies under the employing office’s sick leave plan, only that lesser standard may be required when the employee substitutes any form of paid leave for FMLA leave and replaces it with a provision allow-ing employing offices to require a new cer-tification on an annual basis for conditions lasting beyond a single leave year. 
Section 825.306 Content of medical certifi-
cation for leave taken because of an em-ployee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments with respect to this section. Section 825.306 addresses the information an employing office can require in the medical certification to substantiate the existence of a serious health condition (of the employee or a family member) and the employee’s need for leave due to the condition, and adds: the health care provider’s specialization; guidance as to what may constitute appro-priate medical facts, including that a health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6710 September 16, 2015 
care provider may provide a diagnosis; and 
whether intermittent or reduced schedule leave is medically necessary. Section 825.306 clarifies that where a serious health condi-tion may also be a disability, employing of-fices are not prevented from following the procedures under the Americans with Dis-abilities Act (ADA), as applied under the CAA, for requesting medical information. Section 825.306 also contains new language that employing offices may not require em-ployees to sign a release of their medical in-formation as a condition of taking FMLA leave. 
This section does not apply to the military 
family leave provisions. The Board’s pro-posed regulations have revised the current optional certification form into two separate optional forms, one for the employee’s own serious health condition and one for the seri-ous health condition of a covered family 
member. 
Section 825.307 Authentication and clarifica-
tion of medical certification for leave taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL’s 
amendments covered under this section. Sec-tion 825.307 addresses the employing office’s ability to clarify or authenticate a complete and sufficient FMLA certification. Section 825.307 defines the terms ‘‘authentication’’ and ‘‘clarification.’’ ‘‘Authentication’’ in-volves providing the health care provider with a copy of the certification and request-ing verification that the information on the form was completed and/or authorized by the provider. The regulations add that no addi-tional medical information may be requested and the employee’s permission is not re-quired. In contrast, ‘‘clarification’’ involves contacting the employee’s health care pro-vider in order to understand the handwriting on the medical certification or to understand the meaning of a response. As is the case with authentication, no additional informa-tion beyond that included in the certifi-cation form may be requested. Any contact with the employee’s health care provider must comply with the requirements of the HIPAA Privacy Rule. 
It is no longer necessary that the employ-
ing office utilize a health care provider to make the contact with the employee’s health care provider, but the regulations do clarify who may contact the employee’s health care provider and ensure that the employee’s di-rect supervisor is not the point of contact. Employee consent to the contact is no longer required. However, before the employing of-fice contacts the employee’s health care pro-vider for clarification or authentication of the FMLA certification, the employee must first be given an opportunity to cure any de-ficiencies in the certification. Section 825.307 also provides requirements for an employing office’s request for a second opinion, and adds language requiring the employee or the employee’s family member to authorize his or her health care provider to release rel-evant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if such in-formation is requested by the second opinion health care provider. Section 825.307 also in-creases the number of days the employing of-fice has to provide an employee with a re-quested copy of a second or third opinion from two to five business days. This section of the regulations does not apply to the mili-tary family leave provisions. 
Section 825.308 Recertifications for leave 
taken because of an employee’s own seri-ous health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL 
amendments covered in this section. Section 825.308 of the regulations addresses the em-
ploying office’s ability to seek recertifi-cation of an employee’s medical condition. This section has been reorganized to clarify how often employing offices may seek recer-tification in situations where the minimum duration of the condition, as opposed to the duration of the period of incapacity, exceeds 30 days. Thus, an employing office may re-quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless the medical certification indicates that the minimum du-ration of the condition is more than 30 days, then an employing office must wait until that minimum duration expires before re-questing a recertification. In all cases, an employing office may request a recertifi-cation of a medical condition every six months in connection with an absence by the employee. An employing office may request recertification in less than 30 days if, among other things, the employee requests an ex-tension of leave or circumstances described by the previous certification change signifi-cantly. This section clarifies that an employ-ing office may request the same information on recertification as required for the initial certification and the employee has the same obligation to cooperate in providing recer-tification as he or she does in providing the initial certification. 
Section 825.309 Certification for leave taken 
because of a qualifying exigency. 
The Board proposes to adopt the DOL’s 
regulations under this section. Under the military family leave provisions of the DOL regulations, an employing office may require that leave taken because of a qualifying exi-gency be supported by a certification and re-quire that the employee provide a copy of the covered military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered military member is on active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to active duty) in support of a contingency op-eration, as well as the dates of the covered military member’s active duty service. While a form requesting this basic information may be used by the employing office, no in-formation may be required beyond that spec-ified in this section and in all instances the information on the form must relate only to the qualifying exigency for which the cur-rent need for leave exists. Section 825.309 also establishes the verification process for certifications. 
This section also provides that the infor-
mation required in a certification need only be provided to the employing office the first time an employee requests leave because of a qualifying exigency arising out of a par-ticular active duty or call to active duty of a covered military member. While additional information may be needed to provide cer-tification for subsequent requests for exi-gency leave, an employee is only required to give a copy of the active duty orders to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military only needs to be provided to the employing office if the need for leave be-cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different active duty or call to active duty order of the same or a different covered mili-tary member. See DOL (Form WH–384) and 
OOC regulations proposed Form E. 
An employing office may contact an appro-
priate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a covered military member has been called to active duty status (or notified of an impending call to active duty status) in support of a contingency op-eration. Again, no additional information may be requested by the employing office and the employee’s permission is not re-quired. This verification process will protect 
employees from unnecessary intrusion while still providing a useful tool for employing of-fices to verify the certification information given to them. 
Consistent with the amendments to sec-
tion 825.126(b)(6), with respect to Rest and Recuperation qualifying exigency leave, the employing office is permitted to request a copy of the military member’s Rest and Re-cuperation orders, or other documentation issued by the military indicating that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuperation leave, as well as the dates of the leave, in order to determine the employ-ee’s specific qualifying exigency leave period available for Rest and Recuperation. Em-ploying offices may also contact the appro-priate unit of the DOD to verify that the military member is on active duty or call to active duty status. The employee’s permis-sion is not required to conduct such verifications. The employing office may not, however, request any additional information. 
Section 825.310 Certification for leave taken 
to care for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. While the military family leave provisions of the NDAA amended the FMLA’s certification requirements to permit an employer to request certification for leave taken to care for a covered service-member, the FMLA’s existing certification requirements focus on providing information related to a serious health condition—a term that is not necessarily relevant to leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. At the same time, the military family leave provisions of the NDAA do not explicitly re-quire that a sufficient certification for pur-poses of military caregiver leave provide rel-evant information regarding the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Section 825.310 of the DOL’s regulations pro-vide that when leave is taken to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employer may require an em-ployee to support his or her request for leave with a sufficient certification. An employer may require that certain necessary informa-tion to support the request for leave be sup-ported by a certification from one of the fol-lowing authorized health care providers: (1) A DOD health care provider; (2) a VA health care provider; (3) a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; or (4) a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private health care provider. Sections 825.310(b)–(c) of the DOL regulations set forth the information an employing office may re-quest from an employee (or the authorized health care provider) in order to support the employee’s request for leave. The DOL devel-oped a new optional form, Form WH–385, which the Board adopted for proposed OOC Form F. The Board agrees that OOC Form F may be used to obtain appropriate informa-tion to support an employee’s request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. However, an employing office may use any form con-taining the following basic information: (1) whether the servicemember has incurred a serious injury or illness; (2) whether the in-jury or illness may render the servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank, or rating; (3) whether the injury or illness was incurred by the member in line of duty on active duty; and (4) whether the servicemember is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise on outpatient sta-tus, or is otherwise on the temporary dis-ability retired list. However, as is the case for any required certification for leave taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6711 September 16, 2015 
to care for a family member with a serious 
health condition, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified above. In all in-stances, the information on any required cer-tification must relate only to the serious in-jury or illness for which the current need for leave exists. 
Additionally, section 825.310 of the pro-
posed OOC regulations provides that an em-ploying office requiring an employee to sub-mit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must accept as suffi-cient certification ‘‘invitational travel or-ders’’ (ITOs) or ‘‘invitational travel author-izations’’ (ITAs) issued by the DOD for a family member to join an injured or ill serv-icemember at his or her bedside. If an em-ployee will need leave to care for a covered servicemember beyond the expiration date specified in an ITO or an ITA, the regula-tions provide that an employing office may request further certification from the em-ployee. Lastly this section provides that in all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. 
The regulations also permit an eligible em-
ployee who is a spouse, parent, son, daughter or next of kin of a covered servicemember to submit an ITO or ITA issued to another fam-ily member as sufficient certification for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA, even if the employee seeking leave is not the named recipient on the ITO or ITA. The reg-ulations further permit an employing office to authenticate and clarify medical certifi-cations submitted to support a request for leave to care for a covered servicemember using the procedures applicable to FMLA leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition. However, unlike the recertification, second and third opinion processes used for other types of FMLA leave, recertification, second and third opinions are not warranted for pur-poses of military caregiver leave when the certification has been completed by a DOD health care provider, a VA health care pro-vider, a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider, or a DOD non- network TRICARE authorized private health care provider, but are permitted when the certification has been completed by a health care provider who is not affiliated with the DOD, VA, or TRICARE. 
An employee seeking to take military 
caregiver leave must provide the requested certification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the par-ticular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. 
Section 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL’s regulations under this section. Section 825.312 addresses the fitness for-duty certification that an em-ployee may be required to submit upon re-turn to work from FMLA leave. This section clarifies that employees have the same obli-gation to provide a complete certification or provide sufficient authorization to the health care provider in order for that person to provide the information directly to the employing office in the fitness-for-duty cer-tification process as they do in the initial certification process. The employing office may require that the fitness-for-duty certifi-cation address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job, as long as the employing office pro-vides the employee with a list of those essen-tial job functions no later than the employ-
ing office provides the designation notice. The designation notice must indicate that the certification address the employee’s abil-ity to perform those essential functions. An employing office may contact the employee’s health care provider directly, consistent with the procedure in proposed section 825.307(a), for purposes of authenticating or clarifying the fitness-for-duty certification. The employing office is required to advise the employee in the eligibility notice re-quired by proposed section 825.300(b) if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work. Em-ployees are not entitled to the reinstatement protections of the Act if they do not provide the required fitness-for-duty certification or request additional FMLA leave. 
Section 825.312 also requires that the em-
ploying office uniformly apply its policies permitting fitness-for-duty certifications to intermittent and reduced schedule leave users when reasonable safety concerns are present, but limits the frequency of such cer-tifications to once in a 30-day period in which intermittent or reduced schedule leave was taken. ‘‘Reasonable safety con-cerns’’ means a reasonable belief of a signifi-cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. This is meant to be a high standard. Thus, the determination that there are reasonable safety concerns must rely on objective factual evidence, not subjective perceptions. Employing offices cannot, under this section, require such cer-tifications in all intermittent or reduced leave schedule situations, but only where reasonable safety concerns are present. There is no fitness-for-duty certification form, nor is there any specific format such a certification must follow as long as it con-tains the required information. An employ-ing office is allowed to require that the fit-ness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of his or her position. However, the employing office can choose to accept a sim-ple statement in place of the fitness-for-duty certification (or not require a fitness-for- duty certification at all). 
There is no second and third opinion proc-
ess for a fitness-for-duty certification. A fit-ness-for-duty certification need only address the condition for which FMLA leave was taken and the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the job. The em-ployee’s health care provider determines whether a separate examination is required in order to determine the employee’s fitness to return to duty under the FMLA. A med-ical examination at the employing office’s expense may be required only after the em-ployee has returned from FMLA leave and must be job-related and consistent with busi-ness necessity as required by the ADA. The employing office cannot delay the employ-ee’s return to work while arranging for and having the employee undergo a medical ex-amination. 
Section 825.313 Failure to provide certifi-
cation. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.313 explains the con-sequences for an employee who fails to pro-vide medical certification in a timely man-ner. An employing office may ‘‘deny’’ FMLA leave until the required certification is pro-vided. This section also addresses the con-sequences of failing to provide timely recer-tification. Section 825.313 also clarifies that recertification does not apply to leave taken for a qualifying exigency or to care for a cov-
ered servicemember. 
Employees must be provided at least 15 
calendar days to provide the requested cer-tification, and are entitled to additional time when they are unable to meet that deadline despite their diligent, good-faith ef-forts. An employee’s certification (or recer-tification) is not untimely until that period has passed. Employing offices may deny FMLA protection when an employee fails to provide a timely certification or recertifi-cation, but it does not require employing of-fices to do so. Employing offices always have the option of accepting an untimely certifi-cation and not denying FMLA protection to any absences that occurred during the period in which the certification was delayed. 
Subpart D—Enforcement Mechanisms 
Section 825.400 Enforcement, general rules. 
The Board finds good cause not to adopt 
DOL section 825.400 because the enforcement of FMLA violations is different in the legis-lative branch as opposed to the workforces regulated by the DOL. The OOC section 825.400 remains the same. 
Sections 825.401–825.404 Filing a complaint 
with the Federal Government; Violations of the posting requirement; Appealing the assessment of a penalty for willful viola-tion of the posting requirement; Con-sequences for an employer when not pay-ing the penalty assessment after a final order is issued. 
These sections do not apply to the CAA 
and will remain reserved in the OOC regula-tions. 
Subpart E—Recordkeeping Requirements 
Section 825.500 Recordkeeping requirements. 
This section does not apply to the CAA and 
will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. 
Subpart F—Special Rules Applicable to Em-
ployees of Schools 
Sections 825.600–825.604 Special rules for 
school employees, definitions; Special rules for school employees, limitations on intermittent leave; Special rules for school employees, limitations on leave near the end of an academic term; Spe-cial rules for school employees, duration of FMLA leave; Special rules for school employees, restoration to an equivalent position. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under these sections. Sections 825.600–825.604 cover the special rules applicable to instructional employees. When an eligible instructional employee needs intermittent leave or leave on a reduced schedule basis to care for a cov-ered servicemember, the employee may choose to either (1) take leave for a period or periods of particular duration; or (2) transfer temporarily to an available alternative posi-tion with equivalent pay and benefits that better accommodates recurring periods of leave. 
These sections also extend some of the lim-
itations on leave near the end of an academic term to leave requested during this period to care for a covered servicemember. If an in-structional employee begins leave for a pur-pose other than the employee’s own serious health condition during the five-week period before the end of the term, the employing of-fice may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than two weeks and the employee would return to work during the two-week period before the end of the term. Further, an employing office may require an instructional employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the em-ployee begins leave that will last more than five working days for a purpose other than the employee’s own serious health condition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6712 September 16, 2015 
during the three-week period before the end 
of the term. The types of leave that are sub-ject to the limitations are: (1) leave because of the birth of a son or daughter, (2) leave be-cause of the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care, (3) leave taken to care for a spouse, parent, or child with a se-rious health condition, and (4) leave taken to care for a covered servicemember. 
Subpart G—Effect of Other Laws, Employing 
Office Practices, and Collective Bar-gaining Agreements on Employee Rights Under FMLA 
Section 825.700 Interaction with employing 
office’s policies. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.700 provides that an employing office may not limit the rights es-tablished by the FMLA through an employ-ment benefit program or plan, but an em-ploying office may provide greater leave rights than the FMLA requires. This section also provides that an employing office may amend existing leave programs, so long as they comply with the FMLA, and that noth-ing in the FMLA is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. The Board pro-poses to follow the DOL regulations and de-lete from the current OOC section 825.700(a) the following: ‘‘If an employee takes paid or unpaid leave and the employing office does not designate the leave as FMLA leave, the leave taken does not count against an em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement.’’ As explained by the DOL, this last sentence of section 825.700(a) was deleted in order to conform to the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Ragsdale v. Wolverine World Wide, 535 U.S. 81 (2002), which specifically invalidated this provision. 
Section 825.701 Interaction with State laws. 
This DOL section does not apply to the 
CAA and will remain reserved in the OOC regulations. 
Section 825.702 Interaction with Federal and 
State anti-discrimination laws. 
The Board proposes to adopt the amend-
ments covered in the DOL regulations under this section. Section 825.702 addresses the interaction between the FMLA and other Federal and State antidiscrimination laws. Section 825.702 discusses the interaction be-tween the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA) and the FMLA. Under USERRA, a returning servicemember would be entitled to FMLA leave if, after including the hours that he or she would have worked for the ci-vilian employing office during the period of military service, the employee would have met the FMLA eligibility threshold. This is not an expansion of FMLA rights through regulation; this is a requirement of USERRA. 
With respect to the interaction of the 
FMLA and ADA, where both laws may apply, the applicability of each statute needs to be evaluated independently. 
Further, the reference to employers who 
receive Federal financial assistance and em-ployers who contract with the Federal gov-ernment in this section has not been adopted by the Board because federal contractor em-ployers are not covered by the CAA. 
In its final regulations, the DOL removed 
the following optional-use forms and notices from the Appendix of the regulations, but continued to make them available to the public on the WHD Web site: Forms WH–380– E (Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition); WH– 380–F (Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condi-tion); WH–381 (Notice of Eligibility and Rights & Responsibilities); WH–382 (Designa-
tion Notice); WH–384 (Certification of Quali-fying Exigency for Military Family Leave); WH–385 (Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Current Servicemember for Mili-tary Family Leave); and WH–385–V (Certifi-cation for Serious Injury or Illness of a Vet-eran for Military Caregiver Leave). The Board proposes to revise its forms and to make the following OOC forms available on its website: Form A: Certification of Health Care Provider for Employee’s Serious Health Condition; Form B: Certification of Health Care Provider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; Form C: Notice of Eligi-bility and Rights and Responsibilities; Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of FMLA Leave; Form E: Certification of Qualifying Exigency for Military Family Leave; Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of Covered Servicemember for Military Fam-ily Leave; and Form G: Certification for Se-rious Injury or Illness of a Veteran for Mili-tary Caregiver Leave. The Board’s proposed forms now include references to the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008, which is made applicable to employees cov-ered under the CAA. The Board invites com-ment on whether these forms should be in-cluded in the regulations, or whether covered employees and employing offices should be directed to the DOL website for the appro-priate forms. In any event, the use of a spe-cific set of forms is optional and other forms requiring the same information may be used instead. In proposing these revised forms, the Board recognizes that the use of specific forms play a key role in employing offices’ compliance with the FMLA and employees’ ability to take FMLA protected leave when needed. 
S
UBSTANTIVE REGULATIONS PROPOSED BY THE  
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE OFFICE OF  
COMPLIANCE EXTENDING RIGHTS AND PRO-
TECTIONS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL  
ACT OF 1996, AS AMENDED  
FINAL REGULATIONS  
Part 825—Family and Medical Leave 
825.1 Purpose and Scope. Subpart A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-
ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 
825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 825.102 Definitions. 825.103 [Reserved] 825.104 Covered employing offices. 825.105 Counting employees for determining 
coverage. 
825.106 Joint employer coverage. 825.107 Successor in interest coverage. 825.108–825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employee. 825.111 [Reserved] 825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general 
rule. 
825.113 Serious health condition. 
825.114 Inpatient care. 825.115 Continuing treatment. 825.116–825.118 [Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance 
abuse. 
825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-
ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 
825.123 Unable to perform the functions of 
the position. 
825.124 Needed to care for a family member 
or covered servicemember. 
825.125 Definition of health care provider. 825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-
gency. 825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-
member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-
MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL AC-COUNTABILITY ACT 
825.200 Amount of leave. 
825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave 
schedule. 
825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-
duced schedule leave. 
825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-
native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 
825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-
mittent or reduced schedule leave. 
825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 825.208 [Reserved] 825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 825.210 Employee payment of group health 
benefit premiums. 
825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- 
employer health plans. 
825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan 
premium payments. 
825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit 
costs. 
825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 825.215 Equivalent position. 825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to 
reinstatement. 
825.217 Key employee, general rule. 825.218 Substantial and grievous economic 
injury. 
825.219 Rights of a key employee. 825.220 Protection for employees who request 
leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
Subpart C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA. 
825.300 Employing office notice require-
ments. 
825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 825.302 Employee notice requirements for 
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 825.305 Certification, general rule. 825.306 Content of medical certification for 
leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
825.307 Authentication and clarification of 
medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-
cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
825.309 Certification for leave taken because 
of a qualifying exigency. 
825.310 Certification for leave taken to care 
for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 
825.311 Intent to return to work. 825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
Subpart D—ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMS 
825.400 Enforcement of FMLA rights, as made 
applicable by the CAA. 
825.401–825.404 [Reserved] 
Subpart E—[Reserved] 
Subpart F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE 
TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, 
definitions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6713 September 16, 2015 
825.601 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on intermittent leave. 
825.602 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 
825.603 Special rules for school employees, 
duration of FMLA leave. 
825.604 Special rules for school employees, 
restoration to an equivalent position. 
Subpart G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, EM-
PLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA 
825.700 Interaction with employing office’s 
policies. 
825.701 [Reserved] 825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination 
laws as applied by section 201 of the CAA 
Subpart H—[Reserved] 
FORMS 
Form A: Certification of Health Care Pro-
vider for Employee’s Serious Health Con-dition; 
Form B: Certification of Health Care Pro-
vider for Family Member’s Serious Health Condition; 
Form C: Notice of Eligibility and Rights & 
Responsibilities; 
Form D: Designation Notice to Employee of 
FMLA Leave; 
Form E: Certification of Qualifying Exigency 
for Military Family Leave; 
Form F: Certification for Serious Injury or 
Illness of Covered Servicemember for Military Family Leave; 
Form G: Certification for Serious Injury or 
Illness of a Veteran for Military Care-giver Leave. 
825.1 Purpose and scope. 
(a) Section 202 of the Congressional Ac-
countability Act (CAA) (2 U.S.C. 1312) applies the rights and protections of sections 101 through 105 of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) (29 U.S.C. 2611–2615) to covered employees. (The term ‘‘covered em-ployee’’ is defined in section 101(3) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1301(3)). See 825.102 of these regulations for that definition.) The purpose of this part is to set forth the regulations to carry out the provisions of section 202 of the CAA. 
(b) These regulations are issued by the 
Board of Directors (Board) of the Office of Compliance, pursuant to sections 202(d) and 304 of the CAA, which direct the Board to promulgate regulations implementing sec-tion 202 that are ‘‘the same as substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA] except insofar as the Board may determine, for good cause shown . . . that a modification of such regulations would be more effective for the implementation of the rights and protections under this section.’’ The regulations issued by the Board herein are on all matters for which section 202 of the CAA requires regulations to be issued. Specifically, it is the Board’s considered judgment, based on the information avail-able to it at the time of the promulgation of these regulations, that, with the exception of regulations adopted and set forth herein, there are no other ‘‘substantive regulations promulgated by the Secretary of Labor to implement the statutory provisions referred to in subsection (a) [of section 202 of the CAA].’’ 
(c) In promulgating these regulations, the 
Board has made certain technical and no-menclature changes to the regulations as promulgated by the Secretary. Such changes are intended to make the provisions adopted accord more naturally to situations in the legislative branch. However, by making 
these changes, the Board does not intend a substantive difference between these regula-tions and those of the Secretary from which they are derived. Moreover, such changes, in and of themselves, are not intended to con-stitute an interpretation of the regulation or of the statutory provisions of the CAA upon which they are based. 
SUBPART A—COVERAGE UNDER THE FAM-
ILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT 
825.100 The Family and Medical Leave Act. 
(a) The Family and Medical Leave Act of 
1993 (FMLA), as made applicable by the Con-gressional Accountability Act (CAA), allows eligible employees of an employing office to take job-protected, unpaid leave, or to sub-stitute appropriate paid leave if the em-ployee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 12 workweeks in any 12 months ( see 
825.200(b)) because of the birth of a child and to care for the newborn child, because of the placement of a child with the employee for adoption or foster care, because the em-ployee is needed to care for a family member (child, spouse, or parent) with a serious health condition, because the employee’s own serious health condition makes the em-ployee unable to perform the functions of his or her job, or because of any qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty). In addition, eligible employees of a covered employing office may take job- protected, unpaid leave, or substitute appro-priate paid leave if the employee has earned or accrued it, for up to a total of 26 work-weeks in a single 12-month period to care for a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness. In certain cases, FMLA leave may be taken on an intermittent basis rath-er than all at once, or the employee may work a part-time schedule. 
(b) An employee on FMLA leave is also en-
titled to have health benefits maintained while on leave as if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking the leave. If an employee was paying all or part of the pre-mium payments prior to leave, the employee would continue to pay his or her share dur-ing the leave period. The employing office or a disbursing or other financial office of the 
House of Representatives or [italicized lan-
guage is in only the House and Instrumental-ities versions of the regulations] the Senate may recover its share only if the employee does not return to work for a reason other than the serious health condition of the em-ployee or the employee’s covered family member, the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or another reason beyond the employee’s control. 
(c) An employee generally has a right to 
return to the same position or an equivalent position with equivalent pay, benefits, and working conditions at the conclusion of the leave. The taking of FMLA leave cannot re-sult in the loss of any benefit that accrued prior to the start of the leave. 
(d) The employing office generally has a 
right to advance notice from the employee. In addition, the employing office may re-quire an employee to submit certification to substantiate that the leave is due to the seri-ous health condition of the employee or the employee’s covered family member, due to the serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or because of a qualifying exigency. Failure to comply with these re-quirements may result in a delay in the start of FMLA leave. Pursuant to a uniformly ap-plied policy, the employing office may also require that an employee present a certifi-cation of fitness to return to work when the absence was caused by the employee’s seri-
ous health condition ( see 825.312 and 825.313)). 
The employing office may delay restoring the employee to employment without such certificate relating to the health condition which caused the employee’s absence. 
825.101 Purpose of the FMLA. 
(a) FMLA is intended to allow employees 
to balance their work and family life by tak-ing reasonable unpaid leave for medical rea-sons, for the birth or adoption of a child, for the care of a child, spouse, or parent who has a serious health condition, for the care of a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, or because of a qualifying exi-gency arising out of the fact that the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. The FMLA is intended to balance the demands of the workplace with the needs of families, to promote the stability and economic security of families, and to promote national inter-ests in preserving family integrity. It was in-tended that the FMLA accomplish these pur-poses in a manner that accommodates the le-gitimate interests of employing offices, and in a manner consistent with the Equal Pro-tection Clause of the Fourteenth Amend-ment in minimizing the potential for em-ployment discrimination on the basis of sex, while promoting equal employment oppor-tunity for men and women. 
(b) The FMLA was predicated on two fun-
damental concerns—the needs of the Amer-ican workforce, and the development of high- performance organizations. Increasingly, America’s children and elderly are dependent upon family members who must spend long hours at work. When a family emergency arises, requiring workers to attend to seri-ously-ill children or parents, or to newly- born or adopted infants, or even to their own serious illness, workers need reassurance that they will not be asked to choose be-tween continuing their employment, and meeting their personal and family obliga-tions or tending to vital needs at home. 
(c) The FMLA is both intended and ex-
pected to benefit employing offices as well as their employees. A direct correlation exists between stability in the family and produc-tivity in the workplace. FMLA will encour-
age the development of high-performance or-ganizations. When workers can count on du-rable links to their workplace they are able to make their own full commitments to their jobs. The record of hearings on family and medical leave indicate the powerful produc-tive advantages of stable workplace relation-ships, and the comparatively small costs of guaranteeing that those relationships will not be dissolved while workers attend to pressing family health obligations or their own serious illness. 
825.102 Definitions. 
For purposes of this part: 
ADA means the Americans With Disabil-
ities Act (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., as amended). 
CAA means the Congressional Account-
ability Act of 1995 (Pub. Law 104–1, 109 Stat. 3, 2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq., as amended). 
COBRA means the continuation coverage 
requirements of Title X of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (Pub. Law 99–272, title X, section 10002; 100 Stat. 227; 29 U.S.C. 1161–1168). 
Contingency operation means a military op-
eration that: 
(1) Is designated by the Secretary of De-
fense as an operation in which members of the Armed Forces are or may become in-volved in military actions, operations, or hostilities against an enemy of the United States or against an opposing military force; or 
(2) Results in the call or order to, or reten-
tion on, active duty of members of the uni-formed services under section 688, 12301(a), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6714 September 16, 2015 
12302, 12304, 12305, or 12406 of Title 10 of the 
United States Code, chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, or any other provi-sion of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the President or Con-gress. See also 825.126(a)(2). 
Continuing treatment by a health care pro-
vider means any one of the following: 
(1) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-
capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: 
(i) Treatment two or more times, within 30 
days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services ( e.g., physical 
therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or 
(ii) Treatment by a health care provider on 
at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. 
(iii) The requirement in paragraphs (i) and 
(ii) of this definition for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of incapacity. 
(iv) Whether additional treatment visits or 
a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. 
(v) The term ‘‘extenuating circumstances’’ 
in paragraph (i) means circumstances beyond the employee’s control that prevent the fol-low-up visit from occurring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are extenuating depends on the facts. See also 825.115(a)(5). 
(2) Pregnancy or prenatal care . Any period of 
incapacity due to pregnancy, or for prenatal care. See also 825.120. 
(3) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-
pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: 
(i) Requires periodic visits (defined as at 
least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; 
(ii) Continues over an extended period of 
time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and 
(iii) May cause episodic rather than a con-
tinuing period of incapacity (e.g., asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, etc.). 
(4) Permanent or long-term conditions . A pe-
riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. 
(5) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. 
Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: 
(i) Restorative surgery after an accident or 
other injury; or 
(ii) A condition that would likely result in 
a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive full calendar days in the absence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), se-
vere arthritis (physical therapy), kidney dis-ease (dialysis). 
(6) Absences attributable to incapacity 
under paragraphs (2) or (3) of this definition qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-
ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. 
Covered active duty or call to covered active 
duty status means: 
(1) In the case of a member of the Regular 
Armed Forces, duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country; and, 
(2) In the case of a member of the Reserve 
components of the Armed Forces, duty dur-ing the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to active duty in sup-port of a contingency operation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering all reserve component members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unas-signed member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready Re-serve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve compo-nents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in cer-tain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard and state mili-tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 10 U.S.C. 
101(a)(13)(B). See also 825.126(a). 
Covered employee as defined in the CAA, 
means any employee of—(1) the House of Representatives; (2) the Senate; (3) the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services; (4) the Capitol Police; (5) the Congressional Budget Office; (6) the Office of the Architect of the Capitol; (7) the Office of the Attending Physician; (8) the Office of Compliance; or (9) the Office of Technology Assessment. 
Covered servicemember means: 
(1) A current member of the Armed Forces, 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness, or 
(2) A covered veteran who is undergoing 
medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. 
Covered veteran means an individual who 
was a member of the Armed Forces (includ-ing a member of the National Guard or Re-serves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any 
time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 
825.127(b)(2). Eligible employee as defined in the CAA, 
means: 
(1) A covered employee who has been em-
ployed for a total of at least 12 months in any employing office on the date on which any FMLA leave is to commence, except that an employing office need not consider any period of previous employment that occurred more than seven years before the date of the most recent hiring of the employee, unless: 
(i) The break in service is occasioned by 
the fulfillment of the employee’s Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq. , 
covered service obligation (the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by any employing office, but this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the em-ployee than would be available under the USERRA, as made applicable by the CAA); or 
(ii) A written agreement, including a col-
lective bargaining agreement, exists con-
cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice ( e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-
thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes); and 
(2) Who, on the date on which any FMLA 
leave is to commence, has met the hours of service requirement by having been em-ployed for at least 1,250 hours of service with an employing office during the previous 12- month period, except that : 
(i) An employee returning from fulfilling 
his or her USERRA-covered service obliga-tion shall be credited with the hours of serv-ice that would have been performed but for the period of absence from work due to or ne-
cessitated by USERRA-covered service in de-termining whether the employee met the hours of service requirement (accordingly, a person reemployed following absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the pre-vious 12-month period to meet the hours of service requirement); and 
(ii) To determine the hours that would 
have been worked during the period of ab-sence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calculations. 
Employ means to suffer or permit to work. 
Employee means an employee as defined by 
the CAA and includes an applicant for em-ployment and a former employee. 
Employee employed in an instructional capac-
ity. See the definition of Teacher in this sec-
tion. 
Employee of the Capitol Police means any 
member or officer of the Capitol Police. 
Employee of the House of Representatives 
means an individual occupying a position the pay for which is disbursed by the Clerk of the House of Representatives, or another of-ficial designated by the House of Representa-tives, or any employment position in an en-tity that is paid with funds derived from the clerk-hire allowance of the House of Rep-resentatives but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of covered 
employee above. 
Employee of the Office of the Architect of the 
Capitol means any employee of the Office of 
the Architect of the Capitol or the Botanic Garden. 
Employee of the Senate means any employee 
whose pay is disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, but not any such individual em-ployed by any entity listed in subparagraphs (3) through (9) under the definition of covered 
employee above. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6715 September 16, 2015 
Employing Office, as defined in the CAA, 
means: 
(1) The personal office of a Member of the 
House of Representatives or of a Senator; 
(2) A committee of the House of Represent-
atives or the Senate or a joint committee; 
(3) Any other office headed by a person 
with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or 
(4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-
bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. 
Employment benefits means all benefits pro-
vided or made available to employees by an employing office, including group life insur-ance, health insurance, disability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational bene-fits, and pensions, regardless of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office or through an employee benefit plan. The term does not in-clude non-employment related obligations paid by employees through voluntary deduc-tions such as supplemental insurance cov-erage. See also 825.209(a). 
FLSA means the Fair Labor Standards Act 
(29 U.S.C. 201 et seq. ). 
FMLA means the Family and Medical 
Leave Act of 1993, Public Law 103–3 (Feb-ruary 5, 1993), 107 Stat. 6 (29 U.S.C. 2601 et 
seq., as amended). 
Group health plan means the Federal Em-
ployees Health Benefits Program and any other plan of, or contributed to by, an em-ploying office (including a self-insured plan) to provide health care (directly or otherwise) to the employing office’s employees, former employees, or the families of such employees or former employees. For purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-
ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: 
(1) No contributions are made by the em-
ploying office; 
(2) Participation in the program is com-
pletely voluntary for employees; 
(3) The sole functions of the employing of-
fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; 
(4) The employing office receives no con-
sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and, 
(5) The premium charged with respect to 
such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. 
Health care provider means: 
(1) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, defines health care provider as: 
(i) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who 
is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or 
(ii) Any other person determined by the 
Department of Labor to be capable of pro-viding health care services. 
(2) Others ‘‘capable of providing health 
care services’’ include only: 
(i) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-
gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-
forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; and 
(ii) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives 
and clinical social workers and physician as-sistants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; and 
(iii) Christian Science practitioners listed 
with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement. 
(iv) Any health care provider from whom 
an employing office or a group health plan’s benefits manager will accept certification of the existence of a serious health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and 
(v) A health care provider listed above who 
practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. 
(3) The phrase ‘‘authorized to practice in 
the State’’ as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health condi-tions. 
Incapable of self-care means that the indi-
vidual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in several of the ‘‘activities of daily living’’ (ADLs) or ‘‘instrumental activities of daily living’’ (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. 
Instructional employee: See the definition of 
Teacher in this section. 
Intermittent leave means leave taken in sep-
arate periods of time due to a single illness or injury, rather than for one continuous pe-riod of time, and may include leave of peri-ods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. 
Invitational travel authorization (ITA) or In-
vitational travel order (ITO) mean orders 
issued by the Armed Forces to a family member to join an injured or ill servicemem-ber at his or her bedside. See also 825.310(e). 
Key employee means a salaried FMLA-eligi-
ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. See also 825.217. 
Mental disability: See the definition of Phys-
ical or mental disability in this section. 
Military caregiver leave means leave taken 
to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness under the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993. See also 
825.127. 
Next of kin of a covered servicemember 
means 
the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of pri-ority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, 
brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See also 
825.127(d)(3). 
Office of Compliance means the independent 
office established in the legislative branch under section 301 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1381). 
Outpatient status means, with respect to a 
covered servicemember who is a current member of the Armed Forces, the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to ei-ther a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient; or a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients. See also 825.127(b)(1). 
Parent means a biological, adoptive, step 
or foster father or mother or any other indi-vidual who stood in loco parentis to the em-ployee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined below. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
Parent of a covered servicemembe r means a 
covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See also 
825.127(d)(2). 
Physical or mental disability means a phys-
ical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR part 1630, issued by the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq. , as amended, provide guid-
ance to these terms. 
Reduced leave schedule means a leave sched-
ule that reduces the usual number of hours per workweek, or hours per workday, of an employee. 
Reserve components of the Armed Forces , for 
purposes of qualifying exigency leave, in-clude the Army National Guard of the 
United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve, and Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration. See also 825.126(a)(2)(i). 
Secretary means the Secretary of Labor or 
authorized representative. 
Serious health condition means an illness, 
injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves inpatient care as de-fined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care provider as defined in 825.115. Conditions for which cosmetic treatments are administered (such as most treatments for acne or plastic surgery) are not serious health conditions unless inpatient hospital care is required or unless complications de-velop. Restorative dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions pro-vided all the other conditions of this regula-tion are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of 825.113 are met. 
Serious injury or illness means: 
(1) In the case of a current member of the 
Armed Forces, including a member of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6716 September 16, 2015 
National Guard or Reserves, an injury or ill-
ness that was incurred by the covered serv-icemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces and that may render the servicemember medi-cally unfit to perform the duties of the mem-ber’s office, grade, rank, or rating; and 
(2) In the case of a covered veteran, an in-
jury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces) and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: 
(i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-
ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or 
(ii) A physical or mental condition for 
which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(iii) A physical or mental condition that 
substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
(iv) An injury, including a psychological 
injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. See also 
825.127(c). 
Son or daughter means a biological, adopt-
ed, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. 
Son or daughter of a covered servicemember 
means a covered servicemember’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered serv-icemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See also 825.127(d)(1). 
Son or daughter on covered active duty or call 
to covered active duty status means the em-
ployee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and who is of any age. See also 
825.126(a)(5). 
Spouse , as defined in the FMLA and as 
made applicable by the CAA, means a hus-band or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This defini-tion includes an individual in a same-sex marriage. This definition also includes an in-dividual in a common law marriage that ei-ther: 
(1) was entered into in a State that recog-
nizes such marriages or, 
(2) if entered into outside of any State, is 
valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
State means any State of the United States 
or the District of Columbia or any Territory or possession of the United States. 
Teacher (or employee employed in an instruc-
tional capacity, or instructional employee ) 
means an employee employed principally in an instructional capacity by an educational 
agency or school whose principal function is to teach and instruct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting, and in-cludes athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education assistants such as signers for the hearing impaired. The term does not include teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal function actual teaching or instructing, nor auxiliary personnel such as counselors, psychologists, curriculum specialists, cafeteria workers, maintenance workers, bus drivers, or other primarily noninstructional employees. 
TRICARE is the health care program serv-
ing active duty servicemembers, National Guard and Reserve members, retirees, their families, survivors, and certain former spouses worldwide. 
825.103 [Removed and Reserved] 
825.104 Covered employing offices. 
(a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, covers all employing offices. As used in the CAA, the term employing office means: 
(1) The personal office of a Member of the 
House of Representatives or of a Senator; 
(2) A committee of the House of Represent-
atives or the Senate or a joint committee; 
(3) Any other office headed by a person 
with the final authority to appoint, hire, dis-charge, and set the terms, conditions, or privileges of the employment of an employee of the House of Representatives or the Sen-ate; or 
(4) The Office of Congressional Accessi-
bility Services, the United States Capitol Police, the Congressional Budget Office, the Office of the Architect of the Capitol, the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, the Office of Compliance, and the Office of Technology Assessment. 
(b) [Reserved] 
(c) Separate entities will be deemed to be 
parts of a single employing office for pur-poses of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, if they meet the ‘‘integrated em-ployer’’ test. Where this test is met, the em-ployees of all entities making up the inte-grated employer will be counted in deter-mining employer coverage and employee eli-gibility. A determination of whether or not separate entities are an integrated employer is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire rela-tionship is to be reviewed in its totality. Factors considered in determining whether two or more entities are an integrated em-ployer include: 
(1) Common management; (2) Interrelation between operations; (3) Centralized control of labor relations; 
and 
(4) Degree of common financial control. 
825.105 [Reserved]. 
825.106 Joint employer coverage. 
(a) Where two or more employing offices 
exercise some control over the work or work-ing conditions of the employee, the employ-ing offices may be joint employers under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. Where the employee performs work which si-multaneously benefits two or more employ-ing offices, or works for two or more employ-ing offices at different times during the workweek, a joint employment relationship generally will be considered to exist in situa-tions such as: 
(1) Where there is an arrangement between 
employing offices to share an employee’s services or to interchange employees; 
(2) Where one employing office acts di-
rectly or indirectly in the interest of the other employing office in relation to the em-ployee; or 
(3) Where the employing offices are not 
completely disassociated with respect to the employee’s employment and may be deemed to share control of the employee, directly or 
indirectly, because one employing office con-trols, is controlled by, or is under common control with the other employing office. 
(b) A determination of whether or not a 
joint employment relationship exists is not determined by the application of any single criterion, but rather the entire relationship is to be viewed in its totality. For example, joint employment will ordinarily be found to exist when: 
(1) An employee, who is employed by an 
employing office other than the personal of-fice of a Member of the House of Representa-tives or of a Senator, is under the actual di-rection and control of the Member of the House of Representatives or Senator; or 
(2) Two or more employing offices employ 
an individual to work on common issues or other matters for both or all of them. 
(c) When employing offices employ a cov-
ered employee jointly, they may designate one of themselves to be the primary employ-ing office, and the other or others to be the secondary employing office(s). Such a des-ignation shall be made by written notice to the covered employee. 
(d) If an employing office is designated a 
primary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, only that employ-ing office is responsible for giving required notices to the covered employee, providing FMLA leave, and maintenance of health ben-efits. Job restoration is the primary respon-sibility of the primary employing office, and the secondary employing office(s) may, sub-ject to the limitations in 825.216, be respon-sible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. 
(e) If employing offices employ an em-
ployee jointly, but fail to designate a pri-mary employing office pursuant to para-graph (c) of this section, then all of these employing offices shall be jointly and sever-ally liable for giving required notices to the employee, for providing FMLA leave, for as-suring that health benefits are maintained, and for job restoration. The employee may give notice of need for FMLA leave, as de-scribed in 825.302 and 825.303, to whichever of these employing offices the employee choos-es. If the employee makes a written request for restoration to one of these employing of-fices, that employing office shall be pri-marily responsible for job restoration, and the other employing office(s) may, subject to the limitations in 825.216, be responsible for accepting the employee returning from FMLA leave. 
825.107 [Reserved] 
825.108 [Reserved] 825.109 [Reserved] 825.110 Eligible employees. 
(a) An eligible employee is an employee of 
a covered employing office who: 
(1) Has been employed by any employing 
office for at least 12 months, and 
(2) Has been employed for at least 1,250 
hours of service during the 12-month period 
immediately preceding the commencement of the leave. 
(b) The 12 months an employee must have 
been employed by any employing office need not be consecutive months, provided : 
(1) Subject to the exceptions provided in 
paragraph (b)(2) of this section, employment periods prior to a break in service of seven years or more need not be counted in deter-mining whether the employee has been em-ployed by the employing office for at least 12 months. 
(2) Employment periods preceding a break 
in service of more than seven years must be counted in determining whether the em-ployee has been employed by the employing office for at least 12 months where: 
(i) The employee’s break in service is occa-
sioned by the fulfillment of his or her Uni-formed Services Employment and Reemploy-ment Rights Act (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6717 September 16, 2015 
seq., covered service obligation. The period of 
absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-covered service must be also count-ed in determining whether the employee has been employed for at least 12 months by the employing office. However, this section does not provide any greater entitlement to the employee than would be available under the USERRA; or 
(ii) A written agreement, including a col-
lective bargaining agreement, exists con-cerning the employing office’s intention to rehire the employee after the break in serv-ice ( e.g., for purposes of the employee fur-
thering his or her education or for childrearing purposes). 
(3) If an employee worked for two or more 
employing offices sequentially, the time worked will be aggregated to determine whether it equals 12 months. 
(4) If an employee is maintained on the 
payroll for any part of a week, including any periods of paid or unpaid leave (sick, vaca-tion) during which other benefits or com-pensation are provided by the employing of-fice ( e.g., Federal Employees’ Compensation, 
group health plan benefits, etc.), the week 
counts as a week of employment. For pur-poses of determining whether intermittent/ occasional/casual employment qualifies as at least 12 months, 52 weeks is deemed to be equal to 12 months. 
(5) Nothing in this section prevents em-
ploying offices from considering employment prior to a continuous break in service of more than seven years when determining whether an employee has met the 12-month employment requirement. However, if an employing office chooses to recognize such prior employment, the employing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all em-ployees with similar breaks in service. 
(c)(1) If an employee was employed by two 
or more employing offices, either sequen-tially or concurrently, the hours of service will be aggregated to determine whether the minimum of 1,250 hours has been reached. 
(2) Except as provided in paragraph (c)(3) of 
this section, whether an employee has worked the minimum 1,250 hours of service is determined according to the principles es-tablished under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as applied by section 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), for determining compen-sable hours of work. The determining factor is the number of hours an employee has worked for one or more employing offices. The determination is not limited by methods of recordkeeping, or by compensation agree-ments that do not accurately reflect all of the hours an employee has worked for or been in service to the employing office. Any accurate accounting of actual hours worked under the FLSA’s principles may be used. 
(3) An employee returning from USERRA- 
covered service shall be credited with the hours of service that would have been per-formed but for the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service in determining the employee’s eligibility for FMLA-qualifying leave. Ac-cordingly, a person reemployed following USERRA-covered service has the hours that would have been worked for the employing office added to any hours actually worked during the previous 12-month period to meet the hours of service requirement. In order to determine the hours that would have been worked during the period of absence from work due to or necessitated by USERRA-cov-ered service, the employee’s pre-service work schedule can generally be used for calcula-tions. 
(4) In the event an employing office does 
not maintain an accurate record of hours worked by an employee, including for em-ployees who are exempt from FLSA’s re-quirement that a record be kept of their hours worked ( e.g., bona fide executive, ad-
ministrative, and professional employees as defined in the FLSA Regulations, 29 CFR part 541, and as made applicable by the CAA, the employing office has the burden of show-ing that the employee has not worked the requisite hours. An employing office must be able to clearly demonstrate, for example, that full-time teachers ( see 825.102 for defini-
tion) of an elementary or secondary school system, or institution of higher education, or other educational establishment or insti-tution (who often work outside the class-room or at their homes) did not work 1,250 hours during the previous 12 months in order to claim that the teachers are not eligible for FMLA leave. 
(d) The determination of whether an em-
ployee has worked for any employing office for at least 1,250 hours in the past 12 months and has been employed by any employing of-fice for a total of at least 12 months must be made as of the date the FMLA leave is to start. An employee may be on non-FMLA leave at the time he or she meets the 12- month eligibility requirement, and in that event, any portion of the leave taken for an FMLA-qualifying reason after the employee meets the eligibility requirement would be FMLA leave. See 825.300(b) for rules gov-
erning the content of the eligibility notice given to employees. 
(e) [Reserved] 
825.111 [Reserved] 
825.112 Qualifying reasons for leave, general 
rule. 
(a) Circumstances qualifying for leave. Em-
ploying offices covered by FMLA as made ap-plicable by the CAA are required to grant leave to eligible employees: 
(1) For birth of a son or daughter, and to 
care for the newborn child ( see 825.120); 
(2) For placement with the employee of a 
son or daughter for adoption or foster care (see 825.121); 
(3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, 
daughter, or parent with a serious health condition ( see 825.113 and 825.122); and 
(4) Because of a serious health condition 
that makes the employee unable to perform the functions of the employee’s job ( see 
825.113 and 825.123); 
(5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-
ing out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty (or has been notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active status) ( see 825.122 and 825.126); 
and 
(6) To care for a covered servicemember 
with a serious injury or illness if the em-ployee is the spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin of the covered servicemember (see 825.122 and 825.127). 
(b) Equal Application . The right to take 
leave under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, applies equally to male and female employees. A father, as well as a mother, can take family leave for the birth, placement for adoption, or foster care of a child. 
(c) Active employee . In situations where the 
employing office/employee relationship has been interrupted, such as an employee who has been on layoff, the employee must be re-called or otherwise be re-employed before being eligible for FMLA leave. Under such circumstances, an eligible employee is im-mediately entitled to further FMLA leave for a qualifying reason. 
825.113 Serious health condition. 
(a) For purposes of FMLA, serious health 
condition entitling an employee to FMLA 
leave means an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that in-volves inpatient care as defined in 825.114 or continuing treatment by a health care pro-vider as defined in 825.115. (b) The term incapacity means inability to 
work, attend school or perform other regular daily activities due to the serious health condition, treatment therefore, or recovery therefrom. 
(c) The term treatment includes (but is not 
limited to) examinations to determine if a serious health condition exists and evalua-tions of the condition. Treatment does not include routine physical examinations, eye examinations, or dental examinations. A reg-imen of continuing treatment includes, for example, a course of prescription medication (e.g., an antibiotic) or therapy requiring spe-
cial equipment to resolve or alleviate the health condition ( e.g., oxygen). A regimen of 
continuing treatment that includes the tak-
ing of over-the-counter medications such as aspirin, antihistamines, or salves; or bed- rest, drinking fluids, exercise, and other similar activities that can be initiated with-out a visit to a health care provider, is not, by itself, sufficient to constitute a regimen of continuing treatment for purposes of FMLA leave. 
(d) Conditions for which cosmetic treat-
ments are administered (such as most treat-ments for acne or plastic surgery) are not se-rious health conditions unless inpatient hos-pital care is required or unless complications develop. Ordinarily, unless complications arise, the common cold, the flu, ear aches, upset stomach, minor ulcers, headaches other than migraine, routine dental or or-thodontia problems, periodontal disease, etc., 
are examples of conditions that do not meet the definition of a serious health condition and do not qualify for FMLA leave. Restora-tive dental or plastic surgery after an injury or removal of cancerous growths are serious health conditions provided all the other con-ditions of this regulation are met. Mental illness or allergies may be serious health conditions, but only if all the conditions of this section are met. 
825.114 Inpatient care. 
Inpatient care means an overnight stay in 
a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility, including any period of inca-pacity as defined in 825.113(b), or any subse-quent treatment in connection with such in-patient care. 
825.115 Continuing treatment. 
A serious health condition involving con-
tinuing treatment by a health care provider includes any one or more of the following: 
(a) Incapacity and treatment. A period of in-
capacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days, and any subsequent treat-ment or period of incapacity relating to the same condition, that also involves: 
(1) Treatment two or more times, within 30 
days of the first day of incapacity, unless ex-tenuating circumstances exist, by a health care provider, by a nurse under direct super-vision of a health care provider, or by a pro-vider of health care services ( e.g., physical 
therapist) under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider; or 
(2) Treatment by a health care provider on 
at least one occasion, which results in a regi-men of continuing treatment under the su-pervision of the health care provider. 
(3) The requirement in paragraphs (a)(1) 
and (2) of this section for treatment by a health care provider means an in-person visit to a health care provider. The first (or only) in-person treatment visit must take place within seven days of the first day of inca-pacity. 
(4) Whether additional treatment visits or 
a regimen of continuing treatment is nec-essary within the 30-day period shall be de-termined by the health care provider. 
(5) The term extenuating circumstances in 
paragraph (a)(1) of this section means cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6718 September 16, 2015 
that prevent the follow-up visit from occur-
ring as planned by the health care provider. Whether a given set of circumstances are ex-tenuating depends on the facts. For example, extenuating circumstances exist if a health care provider determines that a second in- person visit is needed within the 30-day pe-riod, but the health care provider does not have any available appointments during that time period. 
(b) Pregnancy or prenatal care. Any period 
of incapacity due to pregnancy, or for pre-natal care. See also 825.120. 
(c) Chronic conditions. Any period of inca-
pacity or treatment for such incapacity due to a chronic serious health condition. A chronic serious health condition is one which: 
(1) Requires periodic visits (defined as at 
least twice a year) for treatment by a health care provider, or by a nurse under direct su-pervision of a health care provider; 
(2) Continues over an extended period of 
time (including recurring episodes of a single underlying condition); and 
(3) May cause episodic rather than a con-
tinuing period of incapacity ( e.g., asthma, di-
abetes, epilepsy, etc.). 
(d) Permanent or long-term conditions. A pe-
riod of incapacity which is permanent or long-term due to a condition for which treat-ment may not be effective. The employee or family member must be under the con-tinuing supervision of, but need not be re-ceiving active treatment by, a health care provider. Examples include Alzheimer’s, a severe stroke, or the terminal stages of a dis-ease. 
(e) Conditions requiring multiple treatments. 
Any period of absence to receive multiple treatments (including any period of recovery therefrom) by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services under orders of, or on referral by, a health care provider, for: 
(1) Restorative surgery after an accident or 
other injury; or 
(2) A condition that would likely result in 
a period of incapacity of more than three consecutive, full calendar days in the ab-sence of medical intervention or treatment, such as cancer (chemotherapy, radiation, etc.), severe arthritis (physical therapy), or 
kidney disease (dialysis). 
(f) Absences attributable to incapacity 
under paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section qualify for FMLA leave even though the em-ployee or the covered family member does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the absence, and even if the absence does not last more than three con-secutive, full calendar days. For example, an employee with asthma may be unable to re-port for work due to the onset of an asthma attack or because the employee’s health care provider has advised the employee to stay home when the pollen count exceeds a cer-tain level. An employee who is pregnant may be unable to report to work because of severe morning sickness. 
825.116 [Removed and Reserved] 
825.117 [Removed and Reserved] 825.118 [Removed and Reserved] 825.119 Leave for treatment of substance 
abuse. 
(a) Substance abuse may be a serious 
health condition if the conditions of 825.113 through 825.115 are met. However, FMLA leave may only be taken for treatment for substance abuse by a health care provider or by a provider of health care services on refer-ral by a health care provider. On the other hand, absence because of the employee’s use of the substance, rather than for treatment, does not qualify for FMLA leave. 
(b) Treatment for substance abuse does not 
prevent an employing office from taking em-ployment action against an employee. The 
employing office may not take action against the employee because the employee has exercised his or her right to take FMLA leave for treatment. However, if the employ-ing office has an established policy, applied in a non-discriminatory manner that has been communicated to all employees, that provides under certain circumstances an em-ployee may be terminated for substance abuse, pursuant to that policy the employee may be terminated whether or not the em-ployee is presently taking FMLA leave. An employee may also take FMLA leave to care for a covered family member who is receiv-ing treatment for substance abuse. The em-ploying office may not take action against an employee who is providing care for a cov-ered family member receiving treatment for substance abuse. 
825.120 Leave for pregnancy or birth. 
(a) General rules. Eligible employees are en-
titled to FMLA leave for pregnancy or birth of a child as follows: 
(1) Both parents are entitled to FMLA 
leave for the birth of their child. 
(2) Both parents are entitled to FMLA 
leave to be with the healthy newborn child (i.e., bonding time) during the 12-month pe-
riod beginning on the date of birth. An em-ployee’s entitlement to FMLA leave for a birth expires at the end of the 12-month pe-riod beginning on the date of the birth. If the employing office permits bonding leave to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, both parents are entitled to FMLA leave even if the newborn does not have a serious health condition. 
(3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA 
leave and are employed by the same employ-ing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod if the leave is taken for birth of the em-ployee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for placement of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement, or to care for the employee’s par-ent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave ap-plies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are em-ployed at two different worksites of an em-ploying office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference be-tween the amount he or she has taken indi-vidually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newborn child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. Note, too, that many state pregnancy disability laws specify a period of disability either before or after the birth of a child; such periods would also be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition of the birth mother, and would not be subject to the combined limit. 
(4) The expectant mother is entitled to 
FMLA leave for incapacity due to pregnancy, for prenatal care, or for her own serious health condition following the birth of the child. An expectant mother may take FMLA leave before the birth of the child for pre-natal care or if her condition makes her un-able to work. The expectant mother is enti-tled to leave for incapacity due to pregnancy 
even though she does not receive treatment from a health care provider during the ab-sence, and even if the absence does not last for more than three consecutive calendar days. 
(5) A spouse is entitled to FMLA leave if 
needed to care for a pregnant spouse who is incapacitated or if needed to care for her during her prenatal care, or if needed to care for her following the birth of a child if she has a serious health condition. See 825.124. 
(6) Both parents are entitled to FMLA 
leave if needed to care for a child with a seri-ous health condition if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for their new-born child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same em-ploying office, provided they have not ex-hausted their entitlements during the appli-cable 12-month FMLA leave period. 
(b) Intermittent and reduced schedule leave. 
An eligible employee may use intermittent or reduced schedule leave after the birth to be with a healthy newborn child only if the employing office agrees. For example, an em-ploying office and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the birth. If the employing office agrees to permit inter-mittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child, the employing office may re-quire the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or re-duced leave schedule is required, to an avail-able alternative position for which the em-ployee is qualified and which better accom-modates recurring periods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. Transfer to an alternative position may require compli-ance with any applicable collective bar-gaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the ex-pectant mother or newborn child. See 825.202– 
825.205 for general rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 
825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption or foster care. See 825.601 for special rules ap-
plicable to instructional employees of schools. 
825.121 Leave for adoption or foster care. 
(a) General rules . Eligible employees are en-
titled to FMLA leave for placement with the employee of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care as follows: 
(1) Employees may take FMLA leave be-
fore the actual placement or adoption of a child if an absence from work is required for the placement for adoption or foster care to proceed. For example, the employee may be required to attend counseling sessions, ap-pear in court, consult with his or her attor-ney or the doctor(s) representing the birth parent, submit to a physical examination, or travel to another country to complete an adoption. The source of an adopted child (e.g., whether from a licensed placement 
agency or otherwise) is not a factor in deter-mining eligibility for leave for this purpose. 
(2) An employee’s entitlement to leave for 
adoption or foster care expires at the end of the 12-month period beginning on the date of the placement. If the employing office per-mits leave for adoption or foster care to be taken beyond this period, such leave will not qualify as FMLA leave. Under this section, the employee is entitled to FMLA leave even if the adopted or foster child does not have a serious health condition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6719 September 16, 2015 
(3) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA 
leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-bined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if the leave is taken for the placement of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after placement, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, or to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. This limitation on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same employing office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two dif-ferent worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be enti-tled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where spouses both use a portion of the total 12- week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a parent, the spouses would each be entitled to the dif-ference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a healthy, newly placed child, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. 
(4) An eligible employee is entitled to 
FMLA leave in order to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condi-tion if the requirements of 825.113 through 825.115 and 825.122(d) are met. Thus, spouses may each take 12 weeks of FMLA leave if needed to care for an adopted or foster child with a serious health condition, even if both are employed by the same employing office, 
provided they have not exhausted their enti-tlements during the applicable 12-month FMLA leave period. 
(b) Use of intermittent and reduced schedule 
leave . An eligible employee may use inter-
mittent or reduced schedule leave after the placement of a healthy child for adoption or foster care only if the employing office agrees. Thus, for example, the employing of-fice and employee may agree to a part-time work schedule after the placement for bond-ing purposes. If the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the placement for adoption or fos-ter care, the employing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is required, to an available alter-native position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. Transfer to an al-ternative position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made ap-plicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alter-native position may include altering an ex-isting job to better accommodate the em-ployee’s need for intermittent or reduced leave. The employing office’s agreement is not required for intermittent leave required by the serious health condition of the adopt-ed or foster child. See 825.202–825.205 for gen-
eral rules governing the use of intermittent and reduced schedule leave. See 825.120 for 
general rules governing leave for pregnancy and birth of a child. See 825.601 for special 
rules applicable to instructional employees of schools. 825.122 Definitions of covered servicemem-
ber, spouse, parent, son or daughter, next of kin of a covered servicemember, adop-tion, foster care, son or daughter on cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status, son or daughter of a covered servicemember, and parent of a covered servicemember. 
(a) Covered servicemember means: 
(1) A current member of the Armed Forces, 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-ous injury or illness; or 
(2) A covered veteran who is undergoing 
medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran 
means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. See 825.127(b)(2). 
(b) Spouse , as defined in the FMLA and as 
made applicable by the CAA, means a hus-band or wife. For purposes of this definition, husband or wife refers to all individuals in lawfully recognized marriages. This defini-tion includes an individual in a same-sex marriage. This definition also includes an in-dividual in a common law marriage that ei-ther: 
(1) was entered into in a State that recog-
nizes such marriages or, 
(2) if entered into outside of any State, is 
valid in the place where entered into and could have been entered into in at least one State. 
(c) Parent . Parent means a biological, 
adoptive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the employee when the employee was a son or daughter as defined in para-graph (d) of this section. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
(d) Son or daughter . For purposes of FMLA 
leave taken for birth or adoption, or to care for a family member with a serious health condition, son or daughter means a biologi-cal, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, a legal ward, or a child of a person standing in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and ‘‘incapable of self-care be-cause of a mental or physical disability’’ at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. 
(1) Incapable of self-care means that the in-
dividual requires active assistance or super-vision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living (ADLs) or instrumental activities of daily living (IADLs). Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appro-priately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing and eating. Instrumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transpor-tation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. 
(2) Physical or mental disability means a 
physical or mental impairment that substan-tially limits one or more of the major life ac-tivities of an individual. Regulations at 29 CFR 1630.2(h), (i), and (j), issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq., define these terms. 
(3) Persons who are ‘‘in loco parentis’’ in-
clude those with day-to-day responsibilities to care for and financially support a child, or, in the case of an employee, who had such responsibility for the employee when the em-ployee was a child. A biological or legal rela-tionship is not necessary. (e) Next of kin of a covered servicemember 
means the nearest blood relative other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the covered service-member by court decree or statutory provi-sions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her nearest blood relative for pur-poses of military caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered servicemember, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or si-multaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. See 825.127(d)(3). 
(f) Adoption means legally and perma-
nently assuming the responsibility of raising a child as one’s own. The source of an adopt-ed child ( e.g., whether from a licensed place-
ment agency or otherwise) is not a factor in determining eligibility for FMLA leave. See 
825.121 for rules governing leave for adoption. 
(g) Foster care means 24-hour care for chil-
dren in substitution for, and away from, their parents or guardian. Such placement is made by or with the agreement of the State as a result of a voluntary agreement between the parent or guardian that the child be re-moved from the home, or pursuant to a judi-cial determination of the necessity for foster care, and involves agreement between the State and foster family that the foster fam-ily will take care of the child. Although fos-ter care may be with relatives of the child, State action is involved in the removal of the child from parental custody. See 825.121 
for rules governing leave for foster care. 
(h) Son or daughter on covered active duty or 
call to covered active duty status means the 
employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. See 825.126(a)(5). 
(i) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-
ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-
logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. See 825.127(d)(1). 
(j) Parent of a covered servicemember means 
a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-
tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ See 
825.127(d)(2). 
(k) Documenting relationships . For purposes 
of confirmation of family relationship, the employing office may require the employee giving notice of the need for leave to provide reasonable documentation or statement of family relationship. This documentation may take the form of a simple statement from the employee, or a child’s birth certifi-cate, a court document, etc. The employing 
office is entitled to examine documentation such as a birth certificate, etc., but the em-
ployee is entitled to the return of the official document submitted for this purpose. 
825.123 Unable to perform the functions of 
the position. 
(a) Definition . An employee is unable to 
perform the functions of the position where the health care provider finds that the em-ployee is unable to work at all or is unable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6720 September 16, 2015 
to perform any one of the essential functions 
of the employee’s position within the mean-ing of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and made applicable by Section 201(a) of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311(a)(3)). An employee who must be absent from work to receive medical treatment for a serious health condition is considered to be unable to perform the essential functions of the po-sition during the absence for treatment. 
(b) Statement of functions . An employing of-
fice has the option, in requiring certification from a health care provider, to provide a statement of the essential functions of the employee’s position for the health care pro-vider to review. A sufficient medical certifi-cation must specify what functions of the employee’s position the employee is unable to perform so that the employing office can then determine whether the employee is un-able to perform one or more essential func-tions of the employee’s position. For pur-poses of FMLA, the essential functions of the employee’s position are to be determined with reference to the position the employee held at the time notice is given or leave commenced, whichever is earlier. See 825.306. 
825.124 Needed to care for a family member 
or covered servicemember. 
(a) The medical certification provision 
that an employee is needed to care for a fam-ily member or covered servicemember en-compasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for exam-ple, because of a serious health condition, the family member is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or nutri-tional needs or safety, or is unable to trans-port himself or herself to the doctor. The term also includes providing psychological comfort and reassurance which would be ben-eficial to a child, spouse or parent with a se-rious health condition who is receiving inpa-tient or home care. 
(b) The term also includes situations where 
the employee may be needed to substitute for others who normally care for the family member or covered servicemember, or to make arrangements for changes in care, such as transfer to a nursing home. The employee need not be the only individual or family member available to care for the family member or covered servicemember. 
(c) An employee’s intermittent leave or a 
reduced leave schedule necessary to care for a family member or covered servicemember includes not only a situation where the con-dition of the family member or covered serv-icemember itself is intermittent, but also where the employee is only needed intermit-tently—such as where other care is normally available, or care responsibilities are shared with another member of the family or a third party. See 825.202–825.205 for rules gov-
erning the use of intermittent or reduced schedule leave. 
825.125 Definition of health care provider. 
(a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, defines health care provider as: 
(1) A doctor of medicine or osteopathy who 
is authorized to practice medicine or surgery (as appropriate) by the State in which the doctor practices; or 
(2) Any other person determined by the Of-
fice of Compliance to be capable of providing health care services. 
(3) In making a determination referred to 
in subparagraph (a)(2), and absent good cause shown to do otherwise, the Office of Compli-ance will follow any determination made by the Department of Labor (under section 101(6)(B) of FMLA (29 U.S.C. 2611(6)(B))) that a person is capable of providing health care services, provided the determination by the Department of Labor was not made at the re-quest of a person who was then a covered em-ployee. (b) Others capable of providing health care 
services include only: 
(1) Podiatrists, dentists, clinical psycholo-
gists, optometrists, and chiropractors (lim-ited to treatment consisting of manual ma-nipulation of the spine to correct a sub-luxation as demonstrated by X-ray to exist) authorized to practice in the State and per-forming within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; 
(2) Nurse practitioners, nurse-midwives, 
clinical social workers and physician assist-ants who are authorized to practice under State law and who are performing within the scope of their practice as defined under State law; 
(3) Christian Science Practitioners listed 
with the First Church of Christ, Scientist in Boston, Massachusetts. Where an employee or family member is receiving treatment from a Christian Science practitioner, an employee may not object to any requirement from an employing office that the employee or family member submit to examination (though not treatment) to obtain a second or third certification from a health care pro-vider other than a Christian Science practi-tioner except as otherwise provided under applicable State or local law or collective bargaining agreement; 
(4) Any health care provider from whom an 
employing office or the employing office’s group health plan’s benefits manager will ac-cept certification of the existence of a seri-ous health condition to substantiate a claim for benefits; and 
(5) A health care provider listed above who 
practices in a country other than the United States, who is authorized to practice in ac-cordance with the law of that country, and who is performing within the scope of his or her practice as defined under such law. 
(c) The phrase authorized to practice in the 
State as used in this section means that the provider must be authorized to diagnose and treat physical or mental health conditions. 
825.126 Leave because of a qualifying exi-
gency. 
(a) Eligible employees may take FMLA 
leave for a qualifying exigency while the em-ployee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent (the military member or member) is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty). 
(1) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-
tive duty status in the case of a member of the 
Regular Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country. The ac-tive duty orders of a member of the Regular components of the Armed Forces will gen-erally specify if the member is deployed to a foreign country. 
(2) Covered active duty or call to covered ac-
tive duty status in the case of a member of the 
Reserve components of the Armed Forces means duty during the deployment of the member with the Armed Forces to a foreign country under a Federal call or order to ac-tive duty in support of a contingency oper-ation pursuant to: Section 688 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes or-dering to active duty retired members of the Regular Armed Forces and members of the retired Reserve who retired after completing at least 20 years of active service; Section 12301(a) of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering all reserve compo-nent members to active duty in the case of war or national emergency; Section 12302 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which au-thorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Ready Reserve to active duty; Section 12304 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes ordering any unit or unassigned member of the Selected Reserve and certain members of the Individual Ready 
Reserve to active duty; Section 12305 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which author-izes the suspension of promotion, retirement or separation rules for certain Reserve com-ponents; Section 12406 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard into Federal service in certain circumstances; chapter 15 of Title 10 of the United States Code, which authorizes calling the National Guard and state mili-tary into Federal service in the case of insur-rections and national emergencies; or any other provision of law during a war or during a national emergency declared by the Presi-dent or Congress so long as it is in support of a contingency operation. See 10 U.S.C. 101(a)(13)(B). 
(i) For purposes of covered active duty or 
call to covered active duty status, the Re-serve components of the Armed Forces in-clude the Army National Guard of the United States, Army Reserve, Navy Reserve, Marine Corps Reserve, Air National Guard of the United States, Air Force Reserve and Coast Guard Reserve, and retired members of the Regular Armed Forces or Reserves who are called up in support of a contingency op-eration pursuant to one of the provisions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2). 
(ii) The active duty orders of a member of 
the Reserve components will generally speci-fy if the military member is serving in sup-port of a contingency operation by citation to the relevant section of Title 10 of the United States Code and/or by reference to the specific name of the contingency oper-ation and will specify that the deployment is to a foreign country. 
(3) Deployment of the member with the Armed 
Forces to a foreign country means deployment 
to areas outside of the United States, the District of Columbia, or any Territory or possession of the United States, including international waters. 
(4) A call to covered active duty for pur-
poses of leave taken because of a qualifying exigency refers to a Federal call to active duty. State calls to active duty are not cov-ered unless under order of the President of the United States pursuant to one of the pro-visions of law identified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section. 
(5) Son or daughter on covered active duty or 
call to covered active duty status means the 
employee’s biological, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the employee stood in loco parentis, who is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and who is of any age. 
(b) An eligible employee may take FMLA 
leave for one or more of the following quali-fying exigencies: 
(1) Short-notice deployment. (i) To address 
any issue that arises from the fact that the military member is notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty seven or less calendar days prior to the date of de-ployment; 
(ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be 
used for a period of seven calendar days be-ginning on the date the military member is notified of an impending call or order to cov-ered active duty; 
(2) Military events and related activities. (i) 
To attend any official ceremony, program, or event sponsored by the military that is re-lated to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
(ii) To attend family support or assistance 
programs and informational briefings spon-sored or promoted by the military, military service organizations, or the American Red Cross that are related to the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6721 September 16, 2015 
(3) Childcare and school activities. For the 
purposes of leave for childcare and school ac-tivities listed in (i) through (iv) of this para-graph, a child of the military member must be the military member’s biological, adopt-ed, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or child for whom the military member stands in loco parentis, who is either under 18 years of age or 18 years of age or older and incapa-ble of self-care because of a mental or phys-ical disability at the time that FMLA leave is to commence. As with all instances of qualifying exigency leave, the military mem-ber must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting qualifying exigency leave. 
(i) To arrange for alternative childcare for 
a child of the military member when the cov-ered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member neces-sitates a change in the existing childcare ar-rangement; 
(ii) To provide childcare for a child of the 
military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(iii) To enroll in or transfer to a new 
school or day care facility a child of the military member when enrollment or trans-fer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
(iv) To attend meetings with staff at a 
school or a daycare facility, such as meet-ings with school officials regarding discipli-nary measures, parent-teacher conferences, or meetings with school counselors, for a child of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(4) Financial and legal arrangements. (i) To 
make or update financial or legal arrange-ments to address the military member’s ab-sence while on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, such as preparing and executing financial and healthcare pow-ers of attorney, transferring bank account signature authority, enrolling in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS), obtaining military identification cards, or preparing or updating a will or liv-ing trust; and 
(ii) To act as the military member’s rep-
resentative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging, or appealing military service benefits while the military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status, and for a period of 90 days following the ter-mination of the military member’s covered active duty status; 
(5) Counseling. To attend counseling pro-
vided by someone other than a health care provider, for oneself, for the military mem-ber, or for the biological, adopted, or foster child, a stepchild, or a legal ward of the mili-tary member, or a child for whom the mili-tary member stands in loco parentis, who is either under age 18, or age 18 or older and in-capable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability at the time that FMLA 
leave is to commence, provided that the need for counseling arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(6) Rest and Recuperation. (i) To spend time 
with the military member who is on short- term, temporary, Rest and Recuperation leave during the period of deployment; 
(ii) Leave taken for this purpose can be 
used for a period of 15 calendar days begin-ning on the date the military member com-mences each instance of Rest and Recuper-ation leave; (7) Post-deployment activities. (i) To attend 
arrival ceremonies, reintegration briefings and events, and any other official ceremony or program sponsored by the military for a period of 90 days following the termination of the military member’s covered active duty status; and 
(ii) To address issues that arise from the 
death of the military member while on cov-ered active duty status, such as meeting and recovering the body of the military member, making funeral arrangements, and attending funeral services; 
(8) Parental care. For purposes of leave for 
parental care listed in (i) through (iv) of this paragraph, the parent of the military mem-ber must be incapable of self-care and must be the military member’s biological, adop-tive, step, or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the military member when the member was under 18 years of age. A parent who is in-capable of self-care means that the parent requires active assistance or supervision to provide daily self-care in three or more of the activities of daily living or instrumental activities of daily living. Activities of daily living include adaptive activities such as caring appropriately for one’s grooming and hygiene, bathing, dressing, and eating. In-strumental activities of daily living include cooking, cleaning, shopping, taking public transportation, paying bills, maintaining a residence, using telephones and directories, using a post office, etc. As with all instances 
of qualifying exigency leave, the military member must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent of the employee requesting quali-fying exigency leave. 
(i) To arrange for alternative care for a 
parent of the military member when the par-ent is incapable of self-care and the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member necessitates a change in the existing care arrangement for the parent; 
(ii) To provide care for a parent of the 
military member on an urgent, immediate need basis (but not on a routine, regular, or everyday basis) when the parent is incapable of self-care and the need to provide such care arises from the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; 
(iii) To admit to or transfer to a care facil-
ity a parent of the military member when admittance or transfer is necessitated by the covered active duty or call to covered active duty status of the military member; and 
(iv) To attend meetings with staff at a care 
facility, such as meetings with hospice or so-cial service providers for a parent of the military member, when such meetings are necessary due to circumstances arising from the covered active duty or call to covered ac-tive duty status of the military member but not for routine or regular meetings; 
(9) Additional activities. To address other 
events which arise out of the military mem-ber’s covered active duty or call to covered active duty status provided that the employ-ing office and employee agree that such leave shall qualify as an exigency, and agree to both the timing and duration of such leave. 
825.127 Leave to care for a covered service-
member with a serious injury or illness (military caregiver leave). 
(a) Eligible employees are entitled to 
FMLA leave to care for a covered service-member with a serious illness or injury. 
(b) Covered servicemember means: 
(1) A current member of the Armed Forces, 
including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treat-ment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status ; or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a seri-
ous injury or illness. Outpatient status means the status of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to either a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient or a unit established for the purpose of providing com-mand and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving medical care as out-patients. 
(2) A covered veteran who is undergoing 
medical treatment, recuperation or therapy for a serious injury or illness. Covered veteran 
means an individual who was a member of the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves), and was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable at any time during the five-year period prior to the first date the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for the covered veteran. An eligible em-ployee must commence leave to care for a covered veteran within five years of the vet-eran’s active duty service, but the single 12- month period described in paragraph (e)(1) of this section may extend beyond the five-year period. 
(i) For an individual who was a member of 
the Armed Forces (including a member of the National Guard or Reserves) and who was discharged or released under conditions other than dishonorable prior to the effec-tive date of this Final Rule, the period be-tween October 28, 2009 and the effective date of this Final Rule shall not count towards the determination of the five-year period for covered veteran status. 
(c) A serious injury or illness means: 
(1) In the case of a current member of the 
Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, means an injury or illness that was incurred by the covered servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces or that existed be-fore the beginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces, and that may render the member medically unfit to perform the duties of the member’s office, grade, rank or rating; and, 
(2) In the case of a covered veteran, means 
an injury or illness that was incurred by the member in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or existed before the be-ginning of the member’s active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces), and mani-fested itself before or after the member be-came a veteran, and is: 
(i) A continuation of a serious injury or ill-
ness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemem-ber unable to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rat-ing; or 
(ii) A physical or mental condition for 
which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Service- Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 per-cent or greater, and such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(iii) A physical or mental condition that 
substantially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
(iv) An injury, including a psychological 
injury, on the basis of which the covered vet-eran has been enrolled in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
(d) In order to care for a covered service-
member, an eligible employee must be the spouse, son, daughter, or parent, or next of kin of a covered servicemember. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6722 September 16, 2015 
(1) Son or daughter of a covered servicemem-
ber means the covered servicemember’s bio-
logical, adopted, or foster child, stepchild, legal ward, or a child for whom the covered servicemember stood in loco parentis, and who is of any age. 
(2) Parent of a covered servicemember means 
a covered servicemember’s biological, adop-tive, step or foster father or mother, or any other individual who stood in loco parentis to the covered servicemember. This term does not include parents ‘‘in law.’’ 
(3) Next of kin of a covered servicemember 
means the nearest blood relative, other than the covered servicemember’s spouse, parent, son, or daughter, in the following order of priority: blood relatives who have been granted legal custody of the servicemember by court decree or statutory provisions, brothers and sisters, grandparents, aunts and uncles, and first cousins, unless the covered servicemember has specifically designated in writing another blood relative as his or her 
nearest blood relative for purposes of mili-tary caregiver leave under the FMLA. When no such designation is made, and there are multiple family members with the same level of relationship to the covered service-member, all such family members shall be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin and may take FMLA leave to provide care to the covered servicemember, either consecutively or simultaneously. When such designation has been made, the designated individual shall be deemed to be the covered servicemember’s only next of kin. For exam-ple, if a covered servicemember has three siblings and has not designated a blood rel-ative to provide care, all three siblings would be considered the covered servicemember’s next of kin. Alternatively, where a covered servicemember has a sibling(s) and des-ignates a cousin as his or her next of kin for FMLA purposes, then only the designated cousin is eligible as the covered servicemember’s next of kin. An employing office is permitted to require an employee to provide confirmation of covered family rela-tionship to the covered servicemember pur-suant to 825.122(k). 
(e) An eligible employee is entitled to 26 
workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or ill-ness during a single 12-month period. 
(1) The single 12-month period described in 
paragraph (e) of this section begins on the first day the eligible employee takes FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and ends 12 months after that date, regard-less of the method used by the employing of-fice to determine the employee’s 12 work-weeks of leave entitlement for other FMLA- qualifying reasons. If an eligible employee does not take all of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for a covered servicemember during this single 12-month period, the remaining part of his or her 26 workweeks of leave entitlement to care for the covered servicemember is forfeited. 
(2) The leave entitlement described in 
paragraph (e) of this section is to be applied on a per-covered-servicemember, per-injury basis such that an eligible employee may be entitled to take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave if the leave is to care for different covered servicemembers or to care for the same servicemember with a subse-quent serious injury or illness, except that no more than 26 workweeks of leave may be taken within any single 12-month period. An eligible employee may take more than one period of 26 workweeks of leave to care for a covered servicemember with more than one serious injury or illness only when the seri-ous injury or illness is a subsequent serious injury or illness. When an eligible employee takes leave to care for more than one cov-ered servicemember or for a subsequent seri-ous injury or illness of the same covered 
servicemember, and the single 12-month pe-riods corresponding to the different military caregiver leave entitlements overlap, the employee is limited to taking no more than 
26 workweeks of leave in each single 12- month period. 
(3) An eligible employee is entitled to a 
combined total of 26 workweeks of leave for any FMLA-qualifying reason during the sin-gle 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, provided that the em-ployee is entitled to no more than 12 work-weeks of leave for one or more of the fol-lowing: because of the birth of a son or daughter of the employee and in order to care for such son or daughter; because of the placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care; in order to care for the spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; because of the employee’s own serious health condition; or because of a qualifying exigency. Thus, for example, an eligible employee may, during the single 12-month period, take 16 work-weeks of FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember and 10 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a newborn child. However, the employee may not take more than 12 weeks of FMLA leave to care for the new-born child during the single 12-month period, even if the employee takes fewer than 14 workweeks of FMLA leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember. 
(4) In all circumstances, including for leave 
taken to care for a covered servicemember, the employing office is responsible for desig-nating leave, paid or unpaid, as FMLA-quali-fying, and for giving notice of the designa-tion to the employee as provided in 825.300. In the case of leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this section, the employing office must des-ignate such leave as leave to care for a cov-ered servicemember in the first instance. Leave that qualifies as both leave to care for a covered servicemember and leave taken to care for a family member with a serious health condition during the single 12-month period described in paragraph (e) of this sec-tion must not be designated and counted as both leave to care for a covered servicemem-ber and leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. As is the case with leave taken for other qualifying reasons, employing offices may retroactively designate leave as leave to care for a covered servicemember pursuant to 825.301(d). 
(f) Spouses who are eligible for FMLA 
leave and are employed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a com-bined total of 26 workweeks of leave during the single 12-month period described in para-graph (e) of this section if the leave is taken for birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after birth, for place-ment of a son or daughter with the employee for adoption or foster care, or to care for the child after placement, to care for the em-ployee’s parent with a serious health condi-tion, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 26 workweeks of FMLA leave. Subpart B—EMPLOYEE LEAVE ENTITLE-
MENTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MED-ICAL LEAVE ACT, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CONGRESSIONAL AC-COUNTABILITY ACT 
825.200 Amount of Leave. 
(a) Except in the case of leave to care for 
a covered servicemember with a serious in-jury or illness, an eligible employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a total of 12 workweeks of leave during any 12-month pe-riod for any one, or more, of the following reasons: 
(1) The birth of the employee’s son or 
daughter, and to care for the newborn child; 
(2) The placement with the employee of a 
son or daughter for adoption or foster care, and to care for the newly placed child; 
(3) To care for the employee’s spouse, son, 
daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; 
(4) Because of a serious health condition 
that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of his or her job; and 
(5) Because of any qualifying exigency aris-
ing out of the fact that the employee’s spouse, son, daughter, or parent is a military member on covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to active duty). 
(b) An employing office is permitted to 
choose any one of the following methods for determining the 12-month period in which the 12 weeks of leave entitlement described in paragraph (a) of this section occurs: 
(1) The calendar year; (2) Any fixed 12-month leave year, such as 
a fiscal year or a year starting on an employ-ee’s anniversary date; 
(3) The 12-month period measured forward 
from the date any employee’s first FMLA leave under paragraph (a) begins; or 
(4) A ‘‘rolling’’ 12-month period measured 
backward from the date an employee uses any FMLA leave as described in paragraph (a). 
(c) Under methods in paragraphs (b)(1) and 
(b)(2) of this section an employee would be entitled to up to 12 weeks of FMLA leave at any time in the fixed 12-month period se-lected. An employee could, therefore, take 12 weeks of leave at the end of the year and 12 weeks at the beginning of the following year. Under the method in paragraph (b)(3) of this section, an employee would be entitled to 12 weeks of leave during the year beginning on the first date FMLA leave is taken; the next 12-month period would begin the first time FMLA leave is taken after completion of any previous 12-month period. Under the method in paragraph (b)(4) of this section, the ‘‘roll-ing’’ 12-month period, each time an employee takes FMLA leave the remaining leave enti-tlement would be any balance of the 12 weeks which has not been used during the immediately preceding 12 months. For exam-ple, if an employee has taken eight weeks of leave during the past 12 months, an addi-tional four weeks of leave could be taken. If an employee used four weeks beginning Feb-ruary 1, 2008, four weeks beginning June 1, 2008, and four weeks beginning December 1, 2008, the employee would not be entitled to any additional leave until February 1, 2009. However, beginning on February 1, 2009, the employee would again be eligible to take FMLA leave, recouping the right to take the leave in the same manner and amounts in which it was used in the previous year. Thus, the employee would recoup (and be entitled to use) one additional day of FMLA leave each day for four weeks, commencing Feb-ruary 1, 2009. The employee would also begin to recoup additional days beginning on June 1, 2009, and additional days beginning on De-cember 1, 2009. Accordingly, employing of-fices using the rolling 12-month period may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6723 September 16, 2015 
need to calculate whether the employee is 
entitled to take FMLA leave each time that leave is requested, and employees taking FMLA leave on such a basis may fall in and out of FMLA protection based on their 
FMLA usage in the prior 12 months. For ex-ample, in the example above, if the employee needs six weeks of leave for a serious health condition commencing February 1, 2009, only the first four weeks of the leave would be FMLA-protected. 
(d)(1) Employing offices will be allowed to 
choose any one of the alternatives in para-graph (b) of this section for the leave entitle-ments described in paragraph (a) of this sec-tion provided the alternative chosen is ap-plied consistently and uniformly to all em-ployees. An employing office wishing to change to another alternative is required to give at least 60 days notice to all employees, and the transition must take place in such a way that the employees retain the full ben-efit of 12 weeks of leave under whichever method affords the greatest benefit to the employee. Under no circumstances may a new method be implemented in order to avoid the CAA’s FMLA leave requirements. 
(2) [Reserved] (e) If an employing office fails to select one 
of the options in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month period for the leave entitlements described in paragraph (a), the option that provides the most bene-ficial outcome for the employee will be used. The employing office may subsequently se-lect an option only by providing the 60-day notice to all employees of the option the em-ploying office intends to implement. During the running of the 60-day period any other employee who needs FMLA leave may use the option providing the most beneficial out-come to that employee. At the conclusion of the 60-day period the employing office may implement the selected option. 
(f) An eligible employee’s FMLA leave en-
titlement is limited to a total of 26 work-weeks of leave during a single 12-month pe-riod to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. An employ-ing office shall determine the single 12- month period in which the 26 weeks of leave entitlement described in this paragraph oc-curs using the 12-month period measured for-ward from the date an employee’s first FMLA leave to care for the covered service-member begins. See 825.127(e)(1). 
(g) During the single 12-month period de-
scribed in paragraph (f), an eligible employ-ee’s FMLA leave entitlement is limited to a combined total of 26 workweeks of FMLA leave for any qualifying reason. See 
825.127(e)(3). 
(h) For purposes of determining the 
amount of leave used by an employee, the fact that a holiday may occur within the week taken as FMLA leave has no effect; the week is counted as a week of FMLA leave. However, if an employee is using FMLA leave in increments of less than one week, the holiday will not count against the em-ployee’s FMLA entitlement unless the em-ployee was otherwise scheduled and expected to work during the holiday. Similarly, if for some reason the employing office’s business activity has temporarily ceased and employ-ees generally are not expected to report for work for one or more weeks (e.g., a school closing two weeks for the Christmas/New Year holiday or the summer vacation or an employing office closing the office for re-pairs), the days the employing office’s activi-ties have ceased do not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Meth-ods for determining an employee’s 12-week leave entitlement are also described in 825.205. 
(i)(1) If employing offices jointly employ 
an employee, and if they designate a primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), the 
primary employing office may choose any one of the alternatives in paragraph (b) of this section for measuring the 12-month pe-riod, provided that the alternative chosen is 
applied consistently and uniformly to all employees of the primary employing office including the jointly employed employee. 
(2) If employing offices fail to designate a 
primary employing office pursuant to 825.106(c), an employee jointly employed by the employing offices may, by so notifying one of the employing offices, select that em-ploying office to be the primary employing office of the employee for purposes of the ap-plication of paragraphs (d) and (e) of this sec-tion. 
825.201 Leave to care for a parent. 
(a) General rule . An eligible employee is en-
titled to FMLA leave if needed to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition. Care for parents-in-law is not cov-ered by the FMLA. See 825.122(c) for defini-
tion of parent. 
(b) Same employing office limitation . Spouses 
who are eligible for FMLA leave and are em-ployed by the same covered employing office may be limited to a combined total of 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period if the leave is taken to care for the employee’s parent with a serious health condition, for the birth of the employee’s son or daughter or to care for the child after the birth, or for placement of a son or daughter with the em-ployee for adoption or foster care or to care for the child after placement. This limita-tion on the total weeks of leave applies to leave taken for the reasons specified as long as the spouses are employed by the same em-ploying office. It would apply, for example, even though the spouses are employed at two different worksites of an employing office. On the other hand, if one spouse is ineligible for FMLA leave, the other spouse would be entitled to a full 12 weeks of FMLA leave. Where the spouses both use a portion of the total 12-week FMLA leave entitlement for either the birth of a child, for placement for adoption or foster care, or to care for a par-ent, the spouses would each be entitled to the difference between the amount he or she has taken individually and 12 weeks for FMLA leave for other purposes. For example, if each spouse took six weeks of leave to care for a parent, each could use an additional six weeks due to his or her own serious health condition or to care for a child with a serious health condition. See also 825.127(d). 
825.202 Intermittent leave or reduced leave 
schedule. 
(a) Definition . FMLA leave may be taken 
intermittently or on a reduced leave sched-ule under certain circumstances. Intermittent 
leave is FMLA leave taken in separate blocks 
of time due to a single qualifying reason. A reduced leave schedule is a leave schedule that 
reduces an employee’s usual number of work-ing hours per workweek, or hours per work-day. A reduced leave schedule is a change in the employee’s schedule for a period of time, normally from full-time to part-time. 
(b) Medical necessity . For intermittent 
leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule taken because of one’s own serious health condition, to care for a spouse, parent, son, or daughter with a serious health condition, or to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, there must be a medical need for leave and it must be that such medical need can be best accommo-dated through an intermittent or reduced leave schedule. The treatment regimen and other information described in the certifi-cation of a serious health condition and in the certification of a serious injury or ill-ness, if required by the employing office, ad-dresses the medical necessity of intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule. 
See 825.306, 825.310. Leave may be taken inter-
mittently or on a reduced leave schedule when medically necessary for planned and/or unanticipated medical treatment of a serious health condition or of a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness, or for recovery from treatment or recovery from a serious health condition or a covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. It may also be taken to provide care or psycho-logical comfort to a covered family member with a serious health condition or a covered servicemember with a serious injury or ill-ness. 
(1) Intermittent leave may be taken for a 
serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, for the employee’s own se-rious health condition, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember which re-quires treatment by a health care provider periodically, rather than for one continuous period of time, and may include leave of pe-riods from an hour or more to several weeks. Examples of intermittent leave would in-clude leave taken on an occasional basis for medical appointments, or leave taken sev-eral days at a time spread over a period of six months, such as for chemotherapy. A pregnant employee may take leave intermit-tently for prenatal examinations or for her own condition, such as for periods of severe morning sickness. An example of an em-ployee taking leave on a reduced leave schedule is an employee who is recovering from a serious health condition and is not strong enough to work a full-time schedule. 
(2) Intermittent or reduced schedule leave 
may be taken for absences where the em-ployee or family member is incapacitated or unable to perform the essential functions of the position because of a chronic serious health condition or a serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember, even if he or she does not receive treatment by a health care provider. See 825.113 and 825.127. 
(c) Birth or placement . When leave is taken 
after the birth of a healthy child or place-ment of a healthy child for adoption or fos-ter care, an employee may take leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule only if the employing office agrees. Such a schedule reduction might occur, for example, where an employee, with the employing of-fice’s agreement, works part-time after the birth of a child, or takes leave in several seg-ments. The employing office’s agreement is not required, however, for leave during which the expectant mother has a serious health condition in connection with the birth of her child or if the newborn child has a serious health condition. See 825.204 for 
rules governing transfer to an alternative position that better accommodates intermit-tent leave. See also 825.120 (pregnancy) and 
825.121 (adoption and foster care). 
(d) Qualifying exigency . Leave due to a 
qualifying exigency may be taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis. 
825.203 Scheduling of intermittent or re-
duced schedule leave. 
Eligible employees may take FMLA leave 
on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when medically necessary due to the serious health condition of a covered family member or the employee or the serious injury or ill-ness of a covered servicemember. See 825.202. 
Eligible employees may also take FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis when necessary because of a qualifying exigency. If an employee needs leave inter-mittently or on a reduced leave schedule for planned medical treatment, then the em-ployee must make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6724 September 16, 2015 
825.204 Transfer of an employee to an alter-
native position during intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave. 
(a) Transfer or reassignment . If an employee 
needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule that is foreseeable based on planned medical treatment for the employee, a family member, or a covered servicemember, including during a period of recovery from one’s own serious health con-dition, a serious health condition of a spouse, parent, son, or daughter, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, or if the employing office agrees to permit intermittent or reduced schedule leave for the birth of a child or for placement of a child for adoption or foster care, the employ-ing office may require the employee to transfer temporarily, during the period the intermittent or reduced leave schedule is re-quired, to an available alternative position for which the employee is qualified and which better accommodates recurring peri-ods of leave than does the employee’s regular position. See 825.601 for special rules applica-
ble to instructional employees of schools. 
(b) Compliance . Transfer to an alternative 
position may require compliance with any applicable collective bargaining agreement and Federal law (such as the Americans with Disabilities Act, as made applicable by the CAA). Transfer to an alternative position may include altering an existing job to bet-ter accommodate the employee’s need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave. 
(c) Equivalent pay and benefits . The alter-
native position must have equivalent pay and benefits. An alternative position for these purposes does not have to have equiva-lent duties. The employing office may in-crease the pay and benefits of an existing al-ternative position, so as to make them equivalent to the pay and benefits of the em-ployee’s regular job. The employing office may also transfer the employee to a part- time job with the same hourly rate of pay and benefits, provided the employee is not required to take more leave than is medi-cally necessary. For example, an employee desiring to take leave in increments of four hours per day could be transferred to a half- time job, or could remain in the employee’s same job on a part-time schedule, paying the same hourly rate as the employee’s previous job and enjoying the same benefits. The em-ploying office may not eliminate benefits which otherwise would not be provided to part-time employees; however, an employing office may proportionately reduce benefits such as vacation leave where an employing office’s normal practice is to base such bene-fits on the number of hours worked. 
(d) Employing office limitations . An employ-
ing office may not transfer the employee to an alternative position in order to discour-age the employee from taking leave or other-wise work a hardship on the employee. For example, a white collar employee may not be assigned to perform laborer’s work; an em-ployee working the day shift may not be re-assigned to the graveyard shift; an employee working in the headquarters facility may not be reassigned to a branch a significant distance away from the employee’s normal job location. Any such attempt on the part of the employing office to make such a transfer will be held to be contrary to the prohibited acts provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(e) Reinstatement of employee . When an em-
ployee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule and has been transferred to an alternative position no longer needs to continue on leave and is able to return to full-time work, the employee must be placed in the same or equivalent job as the job he or she left when the leave com-menced. An employee may not be required to 
take more leave than necessary to address the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. 
825.205 Increments of FMLA leave for inter-
mittent or reduced schedule leave. 
(a) Minimum increment . (1) When an em-
ployee takes FMLA leave on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule basis, the employ-ing office must account for the leave using an increment no greater than the shortest period of time that the employing office uses to account for use of other forms of leave provided that it is not greater than one hour and provided further that an employee’s FMLA leave entitlement may not be reduced by more than the amount of leave actually taken. An employing office may not require an employee to take more leave than is nec-essary to address the circumstances that precipitated the need for the leave, provided that the leave is counted using the shortest increment of leave used to account for any other type of leave. See also 825.205(a)(2) for 
the physical impossibility exception, and 825.600 and 825.601 for special rules applicable to employees of schools. If an employing of-fice uses different increments to account for different types of leave, the employing office must account for FMLA leave in the small-est increment used to account for any other type of leave. For example, if an employing office accounts for the use of annual leave in increments of one hour and the use of sick leave in increments of one-half hour, then FMLA leave use must be accounted for using increments no larger than one-half hour. If an employing office accounts for use of leave in varying increments at different times of the day or shift, the employing office may also account for FMLA leave in varying in-crements, provided that the increment used for FMLA leave is no greater than the small-est increment used for any other type of leave during the period in which the FMLA leave is taken. If an employing office ac-counts for other forms of leave use in incre-ments greater than one hour, the employing office must account for FMLA leave use in increments no greater than one hour. An em-ploying office may account for FMLA leave in shorter increments than used for other forms of leave. For example, an employing office that accounts for other forms of leave in one hour increments may account for FMLA leave in a shorter increment when the employee arrives at work several minutes late, and the employing office wants the em-ployee to begin work immediately. Such ac-counting for FMLA leave will not alter the increment considered to be the shortest pe-riod used to account for other forms of leave or the use of FMLA leave in other cir-cumstances. In all cases, employees may not be charged FMLA leave for periods during which they are working. 
(2) Where it is physically impossible for an 
employee using intermittent leave or work-ing a reduced leave schedule to commence or end work mid-way through a shift, such as where a flight attendant or a railroad con-ductor is scheduled to work aboard an air-plane or train, or a laboratory employee is unable to enter or leave a sealed ‘‘clean room’’ during a certain period of time and no equivalent position is available, the entire period that the employee is forced to be ab-sent is designated as FMLA leave and counts against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. The period of the physical impossibility is limited to the period during which the em-ploying office is unable to permit the em-ployee to work prior to a period of FMLA leave or return the employee to the same or equivalent position due to the physical im-possibility after a period of FMLA leave. See 
825.214. (b) Calculation of leave . (1) When an em-
ployee takes leave on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule, only the amount of leave actually taken may be counted toward the employee’s leave entitlement. The actual workweek is the basis of leave entitlement. Therefore, if an employee who would other-wise work 40 hours a week takes off eight hours, the employee would use one-fifth (
1⁄5) 
of a week of FMLA leave. Similarly, if a full- time employee who would otherwise work eight hour days works four-hour days under a reduced leave schedule, the employee would use one half (
1⁄2) week of FMLA leave 
each week. Where an employee works a part- time schedule or variable hours, the amount of FMLA leave that an employee uses is de-termined on a pro rata or proportional basis. If an employee who would otherwise work 30 hours per week, but works only 20 hours a week under a reduced leave schedule, the employee’s 10 hours of leave would con-stitute one-third (1/3) of a week of FMLA leave for each week the employee works the reduced leave schedule. An employing office may convert these fractions to their hourly equivalent so long as the conversion equi-tably reflects the employee’s total normally scheduled hours. An employee does not ac-crue FMLA-protected leave at any particular hourly rate. An eligible employee is entitled to up to a total of 12 workweeks of leave, or 26 workweeks in the case of military care-giver leave, and the total number of hours contained in those workweeks is necessarily dependent on the specific hours the em-ployee would have worked but for the use of leave. See also 825.601 and 825.602 on special 
rules for schools. 
(2) If an employing office has made a per-
manent or long-term change in the employ-ee’s schedule (for reasons other than FMLA, and prior to the notice of need for FMLA leave), the hours worked under the new schedule are to be used for making this cal-culation. 
(3) If an employee’s schedule varies from 
week to week to such an extent that an em-ploying office is unable to determine with any certainty how many hours the employee would otherwise have worked (but for the taking of FMLA leave), a weekly average of the hours worked over the 12 months prior to the beginning of the leave period (including any hours for which the employee took leave of any type) would be used for calculating the employee’s leave entitlement. 
(c) Overtime . If an employee would nor-
mally be required to work overtime, but is unable to do so because of a FMLA-quali-fying reason that limits the employee’s abil-ity to work overtime, the hours which the employee would have been required to work may be counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement. In such a case, the em-ployee is using intermittent or reduced schedule leave. For example, if an employee would normally be required to work for 48 hours in a particular week, but due to a seri-ous health condition the employee is unable to work more than 40 hours that week, the employee would utilize eight hours of FMLA-protected leave out of the 48–hour workweek, or one-sixth (
1⁄6) of a week of 
FMLA leave. Voluntary overtime hours that an employee does not work due to an FMLA- qualifying reason may not be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 
825.206 Interaction with the FLSA. 
(a) Leave taken under FMLA, as made ap-
plicable by the CAA, may be unpaid. If an employee is otherwise exempt from min-imum wage and overtime requirements of the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), as made applicable by the CAA, as a salaried executive, administrative, or professional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6725 September 16, 2015 
employee (under regulations issued by the 
Board, at part 541), providing unpaid FMLA- qualifying leave to such an employee will not cause the employee to lose the FLSA ex-emption. This means that under regulations currently in effect, where an employee meets the specified duties test, is paid on a salary basis, and is paid a salary of at least the amount specified in the regulations, the em-ploying office may make deductions from the employee’s salary for any hours taken as intermittent or reduced FMLA leave within a workweek, without affecting the exempt status of the employee. The fact that an em-ploying office provides FMLA leave, whether paid or unpaid, and maintains records re-garding FMLA leave, will not be relevant to the determination whether an employee is exempt within the meaning of the Board’s regulations at part 541. 
(b) For an employee paid in accordance 
with a fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime, where permitted by sec-tion 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), the em-ploying office, during the period in which intermittent or reduced schedule FMLA leave is scheduled to be taken, may com-pensate an employee on an hourly basis and pay only for the hours the employee works, including time and one-half the employee’s regular rate for overtime hours. The change to payment on an hourly basis would include the entire period during which the employee is taking intermittent leave, including weeks in which no leave is taken. The hourly rate shall be determined by dividing the em-ployee’s weekly salary by the employee’s normal or average schedule of hours worked during weeks in which FMLA leave is not being taken. If an employing office chooses to follow this exception from the fluctuating workweek method of payment, the employ-ing office must do so uniformly, with respect to all employees paid on a fluctuating work-week basis for whom FMLA leave is taken on an intermittent or reduced leave schedule 
basis. If an employing office does not elect to convert the employee’s compensation to hourly pay, no deduction may be taken for FMLA leave absences. Once the need for intermittent or reduced scheduled leave is over, the employee may be restored to pay-ment on a fluctuating workweek basis. 
(c) This special exception to the salary 
basis requirements of the FLSA exemption or fluctuating workweek payment require-ments applies only to employees of covered employing offices who are eligible for FMLA leave, and to leave which qualifies as FMLA leave. Hourly or other deductions which are not in accordance with the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or with a permissible fluctuating workweek method of payment for overtime may not be taken, for example, where the employee has not worked long enough to be eligible for FMLA leave with-out potentially affecting the employee’s eli-gibility for exemption. Nor may deductions which are not permitted by the Board’s FLSA regulations at part 541 or by a permis-sible fluctuating workweek method of pay-ment for overtime be taken from such an employee’s salary for any leave which does not qualify as FMLA leave, for example, de-ductions from an employee’s pay for leave required under an employing office’s policy or practice for a reason which does not qual-ify as FMLA leave, e.g., leave to care for a 
grandparent or for a medical condition which does not qualify as a serious health condi-tion; or for leave which is more generous than provided by the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA, such as leave in excess of 12 weeks in a year. Employing offices may comply with the employing office’s own pol-icy/practice under these circumstances and maintain the employee’s eligibility for ex-emption or for the fluctuating workweek method of pay by not taking hourly deduc-
tions from the employee’s pay, in accordance with FLSA requirements, as made applicable by the CAA, or may take such deductions, treating the employee as an hourly employee and pay overtime premium pay for hours worked over 40 in a workweek. 
825.207 Substitution of paid leave. 
(a) Generally, FMLA leave is unpaid. How-
ever, under the circumstances described in this section, FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an eligible employee to choose to substitute accrued paid leave for FMLA leave. If an employee does not choose to substitute accrued paid leave, the employ-ing office may require the employee to sub-stitute accrued paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave. The term substitute means that the paid leave provided by the employing office, and accrued pursuant to established policies of the employing office, will run concur-rently with the unpaid FMLA leave. Accord-ingly, the employee receives pay pursuant to the employing office’s applicable paid leave policy during the period of otherwise unpaid FMLA leave. An employee’s ability to sub-stitute accrued paid leave is determined by the terms and conditions of the employing office’s normal leave policy. When an em-ployee chooses, or an employing office re-quires, substitution of accrued paid leave, the employing office must inform the em-ployee that the employee must satisfy any procedural requirements of the paid leave policy only in connection with the receipt of such payment. See 825.300(c). If an employee does not comply with the additional require-ments in an employing office’s paid leave policy, the employee is not entitled to sub-stitute accrued paid leave, but the employee remains entitled to take unpaid FMLA leave. Employing offices may not discriminate against employees on FMLA leave in the ad-ministration of their paid leave policies. 
(b) If neither the employee nor the employ-
ing office elects to substitute paid leave for unpaid FMLA leave under the above condi-tions and circumstances, the employee will remain entitled to all the paid leave which is earned or accrued under the terms of the em-ploying office’s plan. 
(c) If an employee uses paid leave under 
circumstances which do not qualify as FMLA leave, the leave will not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. For ex-ample, paid sick leave used for a medical condition which is not a serious health con-dition or serious injury or illness does not count against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
(d) Leave taken pursuant to a disability 
leave plan would be considered FMLA leave for a serious health condition and counted in the leave entitlement permitted under FMLA if it meets the criteria set forth above in 825.112 through 825.115. In such cases, the employing office may designate the leave as FMLA leave and count the leave against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause leave pursuant to a disability benefit plan is not unpaid, the provision for substi-tution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is inapplicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree to have paid leave supplement the disability plan bene-fits, such as in the case where a plan only provides replacement income for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. 
(e) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, provides that a serious health condi-tion may result from injury to the employee on or off the job. If the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA leave in accord-ance with 825.300(d), the leave counts against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Be-cause the workers’ compensation absence is 
not unpaid, the provision for substitution of the employee’s accrued paid leave is not ap-plicable, and neither the employee nor the employing office may require the substi-tution of paid leave. However, employing of-fices and employees may agree, to have paid leave supplement workers’ compensation benefits, such as in the case where workers’ compensation only provides replacement in-come for two-thirds of an employee’s salary. If the health care provider treating the em-ployee for the workers’ compensation injury certifies the employee is able to return to a light duty job but is unable to return to the same or equivalent job, the employee may decline the employing office’s offer of a light duty job. As a result, the employee may lose workers’ compensation payments, but is en-titled to remain on unpaid FMLA leave until the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement is exhausted. As of the date workers’ com-pensation benefits cease, the substitution provision becomes applicable and either the employee may elect or the employing office may require the use of accrued paid leave. See also 825.210(f), 825.216(d), 825.220(d), 
825.307(a) and 825.702 (d)(1) and (2) regarding the relationship between workers’ compensa-tion absences and FMLA leave. 
(f) Under the FLSA, as made applicable by 
the CAA, an employing office always has the right to cash out an employee’s compen-satory time or to require the employee to use the time. Therefore, if an employee re-quests and is permitted to use accrued com-pensatory time to receive pay for time taken off for an FMLA reason, or if the employing office requires such use pursuant to the FLSA, the time taken may be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. 
825.208 [Removed and reserved] 
825.209 Maintenance of employee benefits. 
(a) During any FMLA leave, an employing 
office must maintain the employee’s cov-erage under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program or any group health plan (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 at 26 U.S.C. 5000(b)(1)) on the same con-ditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously em-ployed during the entire leave period. All employing offices are subject to the require-ments of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health coverage. The definition of group health plan is set forth in 825.102. For purposes of FMLA, the term group health plan shall not include an insur-ance program providing health coverage under which employees purchase individual policies from insurers provided that: 
(1) No contributions are made by the em-
ploying office; 
(2) Participation in the program is com-
pletely voluntary for employees; 
(3) The sole functions of the employing of-
fice with respect to the program are, without endorsing the program, to permit the insurer to publicize the program to employees, to collect premiums through payroll deductions and to remit them to the insurer; 
(4) The employing office receives no con-
sideration in the form of cash or otherwise in connection with the program, other than reasonable compensation, excluding any profit, for administrative services actually rendered in connection with payroll deduc-tion; and 
(5) The premium charged with respect to 
such coverage does not increase in the event the employment relationship terminates. 
(b) The same group health plan benefits 
provided to an employee prior to taking FMLA leave must be maintained during the FMLA leave. For example, if family member coverage is provided to an employee, family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6726 September 16, 2015 
member coverage must be maintained during 
the FMLA leave. Similarly, benefit coverage during FMLA leave for medical care, sur-gical care, hospital care, dental care, eye care, mental health counseling, substance abuse treatment, etc., must be maintained 
during leave if provided in an employing of-fice’s group health plan, including a supple-ment to a group health plan, whether or not provided through a flexible spending account or other component of a cafeteria plan. 
(c) If an employing office provides a new 
health plan or benefits or changes health benefits or plans while an employee is on FMLA leave, the employee is entitled to the new or changed plan/benefits to the same ex-tent as if the employee were not on leave. For example, if an employing office changes a group health plan so that dental care be-comes covered under the plan, an employee on FMLA leave must be given the same op-portunity as other employees to receive (or obtain) the dental care coverage. Any other plan changes (e.g., in coverage, premiums, deductibles, etc.) which apply to all employ-ees of the workforce would also apply to an employee on FMLA leave. 
(d) Notice of any opportunity to change 
plans or benefits must also be given to an employee on FMLA leave. If the group health plan permits an employee to change from single to family coverage upon the birth of a child or otherwise add new family members, such a change in benefits must be made available while an employee is on FMLA leave. If the employee requests the changed coverage it must be provided by the employing office. 
(e) An employee may choose not to retain 
group health plan coverage during FMLA leave. However, when an employee returns from leave, the employee is entitled to be re-instated on the same terms as prior to tak-ing the leave, including family or dependent coverages, without any qualifying period, physical examination, exclusion of pre-exist-ing conditions, etc. See 825.212(c). 
(f) Except as required by the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986 (COBRA) or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is ap-plicable, and for key employees (as discussed below), an employing office’s obligation to maintain health benefits during leave (and to restore the employee to the same or equivalent employment) under FMLA ceases if and when the employment relationship would have terminated if the employee had not taken FMLA leave (e.g., if the employ-ee’s position is eliminated as part of a non-discriminatory reduction in force and the employee would not have been transferred to another position); an employee informs the employing office of his or her intent not to return from leave (including before starting the leave if the employing office is so in-formed before the leave starts); or the em-ployee fails to return from leave or con-tinues on leave after exhausting his or her FMLA leave entitlement in the 12-month pe-riod. 
(g) If a key employee ( see 825.218) does not 
return from leave when notified by the em-ploying office that substantial or grievous economic injury will result from his or her reinstatement, the employee’s entitlement to group health plan benefits continues un-less and until the employee advises the em-ploying office that the employee does not de-sire restoration to employment at the end of the leave period, or the FMLA leave entitle-ment is exhausted, or reinstatement is actu-ally denied. 
(h) An employee’s entitlement to benefits 
other than group health benefits during a pe-riod of FMLA leave ( e.g., holiday pay) is to 
be determined by the employing office’s es-tablished policy for providing such benefits when the employee is on other forms of leave (paid or unpaid, as appropriate). 825.210 Employee payment of group health 
benefit premiums. 
(a) Group health plan benefits must be 
maintained on the same basis as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. Therefore, any share of group health plan premiums which had been paid by the employee prior to FMLA leave must continue to be paid by the employee during the FMLA leave period. If premiums are raised or lowered, the employee would be required to pay the new premium rates. Maintenance of health insurance policies which are not a part of the employing of-fice’s group health plan, as described in 825.209(a), are the sole responsibility of the employee. The employee and the insurer should make necessary arrangements for payment of premiums during periods of un-paid FMLA leave. 
(b) If the FMLA leave is substituted paid 
leave, the employee’s share of premiums must be paid by the method normally used during any paid leave, presumably as a pay-roll deduction. 
(c) If FMLA leave is unpaid, the employing 
office has a number of options for obtaining payment from the employee. The employing office may require that payment be made to the employing office or to the insurance car-rier, but no additional charge may be added to the employee’s premium payment for ad-ministrative expenses. The employing office may require employees to pay their share of premium payments in any of the following ways: 
(1) Payment would be due at the same time 
as it would be made if by payroll deduction; 
(2) Payment would be due on the same 
schedule as payments are made under COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is appli-cable; 
(3) Payment would be prepaid pursuant to 
a cafeteria plan at the employee’s option; 
(4) The employing office’s existing rules for 
payment by employees on leave without pay would be followed, provided that such rules do not require prepayment ( i.e., prior to the 
commencement of the leave) of the pre-miums that will become due during a period of unpaid FMLA leave or payment of higher premiums than if the employee had contin-ued to work instead of taking leave; or 
(5) Another system voluntarily agreed to 
between the employing office and the em-ployee, which may include prepayment of premiums ( e.g., through increased payroll de-
ductions when the need for the FMLA leave is foreseeable). 
(d) The employing office must provide the 
employee with advance written notice of the terms and conditions under which these pay-ments must be made. See 825. 300(c). 
(e) An employing office may not require 
more of an employee using unpaid FMLA leave than the employing office requires of other employees on leave without pay. 
(f) An employee who is receiving payments 
as a result of a workers’ compensation injury must make arrangements with the employ-ing office for payment of group health plan benefits when simultaneously taking FMLA leave. See 825.207(e). 
825.211 Maintenance of benefits under multi- 
employer health plans. 
(a) A multi-employer health plan is a plan 
to which more than one employing office is required to contribute, and which is main-tained pursuant to one or more collective bargaining agreements between employee or-ganization(s) and the employing offices. 
(b) An employing office under a multi-em-
ployer plan must continue to make contribu-tions on behalf of an employee using FMLA leave as though the employee had been con-tinuously employed, unless the plan contains an explicit FMLA provision for maintaining 
coverage such as through pooled contribu-tions by all employing offices party to the plan. 
(c) During the duration of an employee’s 
FMLA leave, coverage by the group health 
plan, and benefits provided pursuant to the plan, must be maintained at the level of cov-erage and benefits which were applicable to the employee at the time FMLA leave com-menced. 
(d) An employee using FMLA leave cannot 
be required to use banked hours or pay a greater premium than the employee would have been required to pay if the employee had been continuously employed. 
(e) As provided in 825.209(f) of this part, 
group health plan coverage must be main-tained for an employee on FMLA leave until: 
(1) The employee’s FMLA leave entitle-
ment is exhausted; 
(2) The employing office can show that the 
employee would have been laid off and the employment relationship terminated; or 
(3) The employee provides unequivocal no-
tice of intent not to return to work. 
825.212 Employee failure to pay health plan 
premium payments. 
(a)(1) In the absence of an established em-
ploying office policy providing a longer grace period, an employing office’s obligations to maintain health insurance coverage cease under FMLA if an employee’s premium pay-ment is more than 30 days late. In order to drop the coverage for an employee whose premium payment is late, the employing of-fice must provide written notice to the em-ployee that the payment has not been re-ceived. Such notice must be mailed to the employee at least 15 days before coverage is to cease, advising that coverage will be dropped on a specified date at least 15 days after the date of the letter unless the pay-ment has been received by that date. If the employing office has established policies re-garding other forms of unpaid leave that pro-vide for the employing office to cease cov-erage retroactively to the date the unpaid premium payment was due, the employing office may drop the employee from coverage retroactively in accordance with that policy, provided the 15-day notice was given. In the absence of such a policy, coverage for the employee may be terminated at the end of the 30-day grace period, where the required 15-day notice has been provided. 
(2) An employing office has no obligation 
regarding the maintenance of a health insur-ance policy which is not a group health plan. See 825.209(a). 
(3) All other obligations of an employing 
office under FMLA would continue; for ex-ample, the employing office continues to have an obligation to reinstate an employee upon return from leave. 
(b) The employing office may recover the 
employee’s share of any premium payments missed by the employee for any FMLA leave period during which the employing office maintains health coverage by paying the em-ployee’s share after the premium payment is missed. 
(c) If coverage lapses because an employee 
has not made required premium payments, upon the employee’s return from FMLA leave the employing office must still restore the employee to coverage/benefits equivalent to those the employee would have had if leave had not been taken and the premium payment(s) had not been missed, including family or dependent coverage. See 
825.215(d)(1)-(5). In such case, an employee may not be required to meet any qualifica-tion requirements imposed by the plan, in-cluding any new preexisting condition wait-ing period, to wait for an open season, or to pass a medical examination to obtain rein-statement of coverage. If an employing office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6727 September 16, 2015 
terminates an employee’s insurance in ac-
cordance with this section and fails to re-store the employee’s health insurance as re-quired by this section upon the employee’s return, the employing office may be liable for benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for ap-propriate equitable relief tailored to the harm suffered. 
825.213 Employing office recovery of benefit 
costs. 
(a) In addition to the circumstances dis-
cussed in 825.212(b), an employing office may recover its share of health plan premiums during a period of unpaid FMLA leave from an employee if the employee fails to return to work after the employee’s FMLA leave en-titlement has been exhausted or expires, un-less the reason the employee does not return is due to: 
(1) The continuation, recurrence, or onset 
of either a serious health condition of the employee or the employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, which would otherwise enti-tle the employee to leave under FMLA; or 
(2) Other circumstances beyond the em-
ployee’s control. Examples of other cir-cumstances beyond the employee’s control are necessarily broad. They include such sit-uations as where a parent chooses to stay home with a newborn child who has a serious health condition; an employee’s spouse is un-expectedly transferred to a job location more than 75 miles from the employee’s worksite; a relative or individual other than a covered family member has a serious health condi-tion and the employee is needed to provide care; the employee is laid off while on leave; or, the employee is a key employee who de-cides not to return to work upon being noti-fied of the employing office’s intention to deny restoration because of substantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations and is not reinstated by the employing office. Other circumstances beyond the employee’s control would not in-clude a situation where an employee desires to remain with a parent in a distant city even though the parent no longer requires the employee’s care, or a parent chooses not to return to work to stay home with a well, newborn child. 
(3) When an employee fails to return to 
work because of the continuation, recur-rence, or onset of either a serious health con-dition of the employee or employee’s family member, or a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember, thereby precluding the employing office from recovering its (share of) health benefit premium payments made on the employee’s behalf during a pe-riod of unpaid FMLA leave, the employing office may require medical certification of the employee’s or the family member’s seri-ous health condition or the covered servicemember’s serious injury or illness. Such certification is not required unless re-quested by the employing office. The cost of the certification shall be borne by the em-ployee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. The employee is required to provide medical certification in a timely manner which, for purposes of this section, is within 30 days from the date of the employing office’s request. For purposes of medical certification, the employee may use the optional forms developed for this purpose. See 825.306(b), 825.310(c)-(d) and 
Forms A, B, and F. If the employing office requests medical certification and the em-ployee does not provide such certification in a timely manner (within 30 days), or the rea-son for not returning to work does not meet the test of other circumstances beyond the employee’s control, the employing office 
may recover 100 percent of the health benefit premiums it paid during the period of unpaid FMLA leave. 
(b) Under some circumstances an employ-
ing office may elect to maintain other bene-fits, e.g., life insurance, disability insurance, 
etc., by paying the employee’s (share of) pre-
miums during periods of unpaid FMLA leave. For example, to ensure the employing office can meet its responsibilities to provide equivalent benefits to the employee upon re-turn from unpaid FMLA leave, it may be necessary that premiums be paid continu-ously to avoid a lapse of coverage. If the em-ploying office elects to maintain such bene-fits during the leave, at the conclusion of leave, the employing office is entitled to re-cover only the costs incurred for paying the employee’s share of any premiums whether or not the employee returns to work. 
(c) An employee who returns to work for at 
least 30 calendar days is considered to have returned to work. An employee who trans-fers directly from taking FMLA leave to re-tirement, or who retires during the first 30 days after the employee returns to work, is deemed to have returned to work. 
(d) When an employee elects or an employ-
ing office requires paid leave to be sub-stituted for FMLA leave, the employing of-fice may not recover its (share of) health in-surance or other non-health benefit pre-miums for any period of FMLA leave covered by paid leave. Because paid leave provided under a plan covering temporary disabilities (including workers’ compensation) is not un-paid, recovery of health insurance premiums does not apply to such paid leave. 
(e) The amount that self-insured employ-
ing offices may recover is limited to only the employing office’s share of allowable pre-miums as would be calculated under COBRA, excluding the two percent fee for administra-tive costs. 
(f) When an employee fails to return to 
work, any health and non-health benefit pre-miums which this section of the regulations permits an employing office to recover are a debt owed by the non-returning employee to the employing office. The existence of this debt caused by the employee’s failure to re-turn to work does not alter the employing office’s responsibilities for health benefit coverage and, under a self-insurance plan, payment of claims incurred during the pe-riod of FMLA leave. To the extent recovery is allowed, the employing office may recover the costs through deduction from any sums due to the employee ( e.g., unpaid wages, va-
cation pay, etc.), provided such deductions do 
not otherwise violate applicable wage pay-ment or other laws. Alternatively, the em-ploying office may initiate legal action against the employee to recover such costs. 
825.214 Employee right to reinstatement. 
General Rule. On return from FMLA leave, 
an employee is entitled to be returned to the same position the employee held when leave commenced, or to an equivalent position with equivalent benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. An em-ployee is entitled to such reinstatement even if the employee has been replaced or his or her position has been restructured to accom-modate the employee’s absence. See also 
825.106(e) for the obligations of employing of-fices that are joint employers. 
825.215 Equivalent position. 
(a) Equivalent position. An equivalent posi-
tion is one that is virtually identical to the employee’s former position in terms of pay, benefits and working conditions, including privileges, prerequisites and status. It must involve the same or substantially similar du-ties and responsibilities, which must entail substantially equivalent skill, effort, respon-sibility, and authority. (b) Conditions to qualify. If an employee is 
no longer qualified for the position because of the employee’s inability to attend a nec-essary course, renew a license, etc., as a re-
sult of the leave, the employee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to fulfill those con-ditions upon return to work. 
(c) Equivalent Pay. (1) An employee is enti-
tled to any unconditional pay increases which may have occurred during the FMLA leave period, such as cost of living increases. Pay increases conditioned upon seniority, length of service, or work performed must be granted in accordance with the employing office’s policy or practice with respect to other employees on an equivalent leave sta-tus for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. An employee is entitled to be restored to a position with the same or 
equivalent pay premiums, such as a shift dif-ferential. If an employee departed from a po-sition averaging ten hours of overtime (and corresponding overtime pay) each week, an employee is ordinarily entitled to such a po-sition on return from FMLA leave. 
(2) Equivalent pay includes any bonus or 
payment, whether it is discretionary or non- discretionary, made to employees consistent with the provisions of paragraph (c)(1) of this section. However, if a bonus or other pay-ment is based on the achievement of a speci-fied goal such as hours worked, products sold or perfect attendance, and the employee has not met the goal due to FMLA leave, then the payment may be denied, unless otherwise paid to employees on an equivalent leave status for a reason that does not qualify as FMLA leave. For example, if an employee who used paid vacation leave for a non- FMLA purpose would receive the payment, then the employee who used paid vacation leave for an FMLA-protected purpose also must receive the payment. 
(d) Equivalent benefits. Benefits include all 
benefits provided or made available to em-ployees by an employing office, including group life insurance, health insurance, dis-ability insurance, sick leave, annual leave, educational benefits, and pensions, regard-less of whether such benefits are provided by a practice or written policy of an employing office through an employee benefit plan. 
(1) At the end of an employee’s FMLA 
leave, benefits must be resumed in the same manner and at the same levels as provided when the leave began, and subject to any changes in benefit levels that may have taken place during the period of FMLA leave affecting the entire work force, unless other-wise elected by the employee. Upon return from FMLA leave, an employee cannot be re-quired to requalify for any benefits the em-ployee enjoyed before FMLA leave began (in-cluding family or dependent coverages). For example, if an employee was covered by a life insurance policy before taking leave but is not covered or coverage lapses during the period of unpaid FMLA leave, the employee cannot be required to meet any qualifica-tions, such as taking a physical examina-tion, in order to requalify for life insurance upon return from leave. Accordingly, some employing offices may find it necessary to modify life insurance and other benefits pro-grams in order to restore employees to equivalent benefits upon return from FMLA leave, make arrangements for continued payment of costs to maintain such benefits during unpaid FMLA leave, or pay these costs subject to recovery from the employee on return from leave. See 825.213(b). 
(2) An employee may, but is not entitled 
to, accrue any additional benefits or senior-ity during unpaid FMLA leave. Benefits ac-crued at the time leave began, however, ( e.g., 
paid vacation, sick or personal leave to the extent not substituted for FMLA leave) must be available to an employee upon return from leave. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6728 September 16, 2015 
(3) If, while on unpaid FMLA leave, an em-
ployee desires to continue life insurance, dis-ability insurance, or other types of benefits for which he or she typically pays, the em-ploying office is required to follow estab-lished policies or practices for continuing such benefits for other instances of leave without pay. If the employing office has no established policy, the employee and the em-ploying office are encouraged to agree upon arrangements before FMLA leave begins. 
(4) With respect to pension and other re-
tirement plans, any period of unpaid FMLA leave shall not be treated as or counted to-ward a break in service for purposes of vest-ing and eligibility to participate. Also, if the plan requires an employee to be employed on a specific date in order to be credited with a year of service for vesting, contributions or participation purposes, an employee on un-paid FMLA leave on that date shall be deemed to have been employed on that date. However, unpaid FMLA leave periods need not be treated as credited service for pur-poses of benefit accrual, vesting and eligi-
bility to participate. 
(5) Employees on unpaid FMLA leave are 
to be treated as if they continued to work for purposes of changes to benefit plans. They are entitled to changes in benefits plans, ex-cept those which may be dependent upon se-niority or accrual during the leave period, immediately upon return from leave or to the same extent they would have qualified if no leave had been taken. For example if the benefit plan is predicated on a pre-estab-lished number of hours worked each year and the employee does not have sufficient hours as a result of taking unpaid FMLA leave, the benefit is lost. (In this regard, 825.209 ad-dresses health benefits.) 
(e) Equivalent terms and conditions of em-
ployment. An equivalent position must have 
substantially similar duties, conditions, re-sponsibilities, privileges and status as the employee’s original position. 
(1) The employee must be reinstated to the 
same or a geographically proximate worksite (i.e., one that does not involve a significant 
increase in commuting time or distance) from where the employee had previously been employed. If the employee’s original worksite has been closed, the employee is en-titled to the same rights as if the employee had not been on leave when the worksite closed. For example, if an employing office transfers all employees from a closed work-site to a new worksite in a different city, the employee on leave is also entitled to transfer under the same conditions as if he or she had continued to be employed. 
(2) The employee is ordinarily entitled to 
return to the same shift or the same or an equivalent work schedule. 
(3) The employee must have the same or an 
equivalent opportunity for bonuses, and other similar discretionary and non-discre-tionary payments. 
(4) FMLA does not prohibit an employing 
office from accommodating an employee’s request to be restored to a different shift, schedule, or position which better suits the employee’s personal needs on return from leave, or to offer a promotion to a better po-sition. However, an employee cannot be in-duced by the employing office to accept a different position against the employee’s wishes. 
(f) De minimis exception. The requirement 
that an employee be restored to the same or equivalent job with the same or equivalent pay, benefits, and terms and conditions of employment does not extend to de minimis, intangible, or unmeasurable aspects of the job. 
825.216 Limitations on an employee’s right to 
reinstatement. 
(a) An employee has no greater right to re-
instatement or to other benefits and condi-tions of employment than if the employee 
had been continuously employed during the FMLA leave period. An employing office must be able to show that an employee would not otherwise have been employed at the time reinstatement is requested in order to deny restoration to employment. For ex-ample: 
(1) If an employee is laid off during the 
course of taking FMLA leave and employ-ment is terminated, the employing office’s responsibility to continue FMLA leave, maintain group health plan benefits and re-store the employee ceases at the time the employee is laid off, provided the employing office has no continuing obligations under a collective bargaining agreement or other-wise. An employing office would have the burden of proving that an employee would have been laid off during the FMLA leave pe-riod and, therefore, would not be entitled to restoration. Restoration to a job slated for lay-off when the employee’s original position is not would not meet the requirements of an equivalent position. 
(2) If a shift has been eliminated, or over-
time has been decreased, an employee would not be entitled to return to work that shift or the original overtime hours upon restora-tion. However, if a position on, for example, a night shift has been filled by another em-ployee, the employee is entitled to return to the same shift on which employed before taking FMLA leave. 
(3) If an employee was hired for a specific 
term or only to perform work on a discrete project, the employing office has no obliga-tion to restore the employee if the employ-ment term or project is over and the employ-ing office would not otherwise have contin-ued to employ the employee. On the other hand, if an employee was hired to perform work for one employing office for a specific time period, and after that time period has ended, the work was assigned to another em-ploying office, the successor employing of-fice may be required to restore the employee if it is a successor employing office. See 
825.107. 
(b) In addition to the circumstances ex-
plained above, an employing office may deny job restoration to salaried eligible employees (key employees, as defined in 825.217(c)), if such denial is necessary to prevent substan-tial and grievous economic injury to the op-erations of the employing office; or may delay restoration to an employee who fails to provide a fitness-for-duty certificate to return to work under the conditions de-scribed in 825.312. 
(c) If the employee is unable to perform an 
essential function of the position because of a physical or mental condition, including the continuation of a serious health condition or an injury or illness also covered by workers’ compensation, the employee has no right to restoration to another position under the FMLA. The employing office’s obligations may, however, be governed by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA. See 825.702. 
(d) An employee who fraudulently obtains 
FMLA leave from an employing office is not protected by the job restoration or mainte-nance of health benefits provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(e) If the employing office has a uniformly- 
applied policy governing outside or supple-mental employment, such a policy may con-tinue to apply to an employee while on FMLA leave. An employing office which does not have such a policy may not deny benefits to which an employee is entitled under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, on this basis unless the FMLA leave was fraudu-lently obtained as in paragraph (d) of this section. 825.217 Key employee, general rule. 
(a) A key employee is a salaried FMLA-eligi-
ble employee who is among the highest paid 10 percent of all the employees employed by the employing office within 75 miles of the employee’s worksite. 
(b) The term salaried means paid on a sal-
ary basis, within the meaning of the Board’s regulations at part 541, implementing sec-tion 203 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1313), regarding employees who may qualify as exempt from the minimum wage and overtime require-ments of the FLSA, as made applicable by the CAA, as executive, administrative, and professional employees). 
(c) A key employee must be among the 
highest paid 10 percent of all the employ-ees—both salaried and non-salaried, eligible and ineligible—who are employed by the em-ploying office within 75 miles of the work-site. 
(1) In determining which employees are 
among the highest paid 10 percent, year- to- date earnings are divided by weeks worked by the employee (including weeks in which paid leave was taken). Earnings include wages, premium pay, incentive pay, and non- discretionary and discretionary bonuses. Earnings do not include incentives whose value is determined at some future date, e.g., 
benefits or prerequisites. 
(2) The determination of whether a salaried 
employee is among the highest paid 10 per-cent shall be made at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave. No more than 10 percent of the employing office’s em-ployees within 75 miles of the worksite may be key employees. 
825.218 Substantial and grievous economic 
injury. 
(a) In order to deny restoration to a key 
employee, an employing office must deter-mine that the restoration of the employee to employment will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to the operations of the employing office, not whether the ab-sence of the employee will cause such sub-stantial and grievous injury. 
(b) An employing office may take into ac-
count its ability to replace on a temporary basis (or temporarily do without) the em-ployee on FMLA leave. If permanent replace-ment is unavoidable, the cost of then rein-stating the employee can be considered in evaluating whether substantial and grievous economic injury will occur from restoration; in other words, the effect on the operations of the employing office of reinstating the employee in an equivalent position. 
(c) A precise test cannot be set for the 
level of hardship or injury to the employing office which must be sustained. If the rein-statement of a key employee threatens the economic viability of the employing office, that would constitute substantial and griev-ous economic injury. A lesser injury which causes substantial, long-term economic in-jury would also be sufficient. Minor incon-veniences and costs that the employing of-fice would experience in the normal course would certainly not constitute substantial and grievous economic injury. 
(d) FMLA’s substantial and grievous eco-
nomic injury standard is different from and more stringent than the undue hardship test under the ADA. See also 825.702. 
825.219 Rights of a key employee 
(a) An employing office that believes that 
reinstatement may be denied to a key em-ployee, must give written notice to the em-ployee at the time the employee gives notice of the need for FMLA leave (or when FMLA leave commences, if earlier) that he or she qualifies as a key employee. At the same time, the employing office must also fully inform the employee of the potential con-sequences with respect to reinstatement and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6729 September 16, 2015 
maintenance of health benefits if the em-
ploying office should determine that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury to the employing office’s operations will result if the employee is reinstated from FMLA leave. If such notice cannot be given imme-diately because of the need to determine whether the employee is a key employee, it shall be given as soon as practicable after being notified of a need for leave (or the commencement of leave, if earlier). It is ex-pected that in most circumstances there will be no desire that an employee be denied res-toration after FMLA leave and, therefore, there would be no need to provide such no-tice. However, an employing office who fails to provide such timely notice will lose its right to deny restoration even if substantial and grievous economic injury will result from reinstatement. 
(b) As soon as an employing office makes a 
good faith determination, based on the facts available, that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury to its operations will result if a key employee who has given notice of the need for FMLA leave or is using FMLA leave is reinstated, the employing office shall no-tify the employee in writing of its deter-mination, that it cannot deny FMLA leave, and that it intends to deny restoration to employment on completion of the FMLA leave. It is anticipated that an employing of-fice will ordinarily be able to give such no-tice prior to the employee starting leave. The employing office must serve this notice either in person or by certified mail. This no-tice must explain the basis for the employing office’s finding that substantial and grievous economic injury will result, and, if leave has commenced, must provide the employee a reasonable time in which to return to work, taking into account the circumstances, such as the length of the leave and the urgency of the need for the employee to return. 
(c) If an employee on leave does not return 
to work in response to the employing office’s notification of intent to deny restoration, 
the employee continues to be entitled to maintenance of health benefits and the em-ploying office may not recover its cost of health benefit premiums. A key employee’s rights under FMLA continue unless and until the employee either gives notice that he or she no longer wishes to return to work, or the employing office actually denies rein-statement at the conclusion of the leave pe-riod. 
(d) After notice to an employee has been 
given that substantial and grievous eco-nomic injury will result if the employee is reinstated to employment, an employee is still entitled to request reinstatement at the end of the leave period even if the employee did not return to work in response to the em-ploying office’s notice. The employing office must then again determine whether there will be substantial and grievous economic in-jury from reinstatement, based on the facts at that time. If it is determined that sub-stantial and grievous economic injury will result, the employing office shall notify the employee in writing (in person or by cer-tified mail) of the denial of restoration. 
825.220 Protection for employees who request 
leave or otherwise assert FMLA rights. 
(a) The FMLA, as made applicable by the 
CAA, prohibits interference with an employ-ee’s rights under the law, and with legal pro-ceedings or inquiries relating to an employ-ee’s rights. More specifically, the law con-tains the following employee protections: 
(1) An employing office is prohibited from 
interfering with, restraining, or denying the exercise of (or attempts to exercise) any rights provided by the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. 
(2) An employing office is prohibited from 
discharging or in any other way discrimi-nating against any covered employee (wheth-
er or not an eligible employee) for opposing or complaining about any unlawful practice under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(3) All employing offices are prohibited 
from discharging or in any other way dis-criminating against any covered employee (whether or not an eligible employee) be-cause that covered employee has— 
(i) Filed any charge, or has instituted (or 
caused to be instituted) any proceeding under or related to the FMLA, as made ap-plicable by the CAA; 
(ii) Given, or is about to give, any informa-
tion in connection with an inquiry or pro-ceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA; 
(iii) Testified, or is about to testify, in any 
inquiry or proceeding relating to a right under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. 
(b) Any violations of the FMLA, as made 
applicable by the CAA, or of these regula-tions constitute interfering with, restrain-ing, or denying the exercise of rights pro-vided by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the vio-lation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). Interfering with 
the exercise of an employee’s rights would include, for example, not only refusing to au-thorize FMLA leave, but discouraging an em-ployee from using such leave. It would also include manipulation by a covered employ-ing office to avoid responsibilities under FMLA, for example: 
(1) [Reserved] (2) Changing the essential functions of the 
job in order to preclude the taking of leave; or 
(3) Reducing hours available to work in 
order to avoid employee eligibility. 
(c) The FMLA’s prohibition against inter-
ference prohibits an employing office from discriminating or retaliating against an em-ployee or prospective employee for having exercised or attempted to exercise FMLA rights. For example, if an employee on leave without pay would otherwise be entitled to full benefits (other than health benefits), the same benefits would be required to be pro-vided to an employee on unpaid FMLA leave. By the same token, employing offices cannot use the taking of FMLA leave as a negative factor in employment actions, such as hir-ing, promotions or disciplinary actions; nor can FMLA leave be counted under no fault attendance policies. See 825.215. 
(d) Employees cannot waive, nor may em-
ploying offices induce employees to waive, their rights under FMLA. For example, em-ployees (or their collective bargaining rep-resentatives) cannot trade off the right to take FMLA leave against some other benefit offered by the employing office. Except for settlement agreements covered by 1414 and/ or 1415 of the Congressional Accountability Act, this does not prevent the settlement or release of FMLA claims by employees based on past employing office conduct without the approval of the Office of Compliance or a court. Nor does it prevent an employee’s vol-untary and uncoerced acceptance (not as a condition of employment) of a light duty as-signment while recovering from a serious health condition. See 825.702(d). An employ-
ee’s acceptance of such light duty assign-ment does not constitute a waiver of the em-ployee’s prospective rights, including the right to be restored to the same position the employee held at the time the employee’s FMLA leave commenced or to an equivalent position. The employee’s right to restora-
tion, however, ceases at the end of the appli-cable 12-month FMLA leave year. 
(e) Individuals, and not merely covered em-
ployees, are protected from retaliation for opposing (e.g., filing a complaint about) any practice which is unlawful under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. They are similarly protected if they oppose any prac-tice which they reasonably believe to be a violation of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or regulations. 
Subpart C—EMPLOYEE AND EMPLOYING 
OFFICE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICA-BLE BY THE CAA 
825.300 Employing office notice require-
ments. 
(a)(1) If an employing office has any eligi-
ble employees and has any written guidance to employees concerning employee benefits or leave rights, such as in an employee hand-book, information concerning both entitle-ments and employee obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, must be included in the handbook or other docu-ment. For example, if an employing office provides an employee handbook to all em-ployees that describes the employing office’s policies regarding leave, wages, attendance, and similar matters, the handbook must in-corporate information on FMLA rights and responsibilities and the employing office’s policies regarding the FMLA, as made appli-cable by the CAA. Informational publica-tions describing the provisions of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, are available from the Office of Compliance and may be in-corporated in such employing office hand-books or written policies. 
(2) If such an employing office does not 
have written policies, manuals, or handbooks describing employee benefits and leave pro-visions, the employing office shall provide written guidance to an employee concerning all the employee’s rights and obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. This notice shall be provided to em-ployees each time notice is given pursuant to paragraph (c), and in accordance with the provisions of that paragraph. Employing of-fices may duplicate and provide the em-ployee a copy of the FMLA Fact Sheet avail-able from the Office of Compliance to pro-
vide such guidance. 
(b) Eligibility notice. (1) When an employee 
requests FMLA leave, or when the employing office acquires knowledge that an employee’s leave may be for an FMLA-qualifying reason, the employing office must notify the em-ployee of the employee’s eligibility to take FMLA leave within five business days, ab-sent extenuating circumstances. See 825.110 
for definition of an eligible employee. Em-ployee eligibility is determined (and notice must be provided) at the commencement of the first instance of leave for each FMLA- qualifying reason in the applicable 12-month period. See 825.127(c) and 825.200(b). All FMLA 
absences for the same qualifying reason are considered a single leave and employee eligi-bility as to that reason for leave does not change during the applicable 12-month pe-riod. 
(2) The eligibility notice must state wheth-
er the employee is eligible for FMLA leave as defined in 825.110. If the employee is not eligible for FMLA leave, the notice must state at least one reason why the employee is not eligible, including as applicable the number of months the employee has been employed by the employing office and the hours of service with the employing office during the 12-month period. Notification of eligibility may be oral or in writing; employ-ing offices may use Form C to provide such notification to employees. The employing of-fice is obligated to translate this notice in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6730 September 16, 2015 
any situation in which it is obligated to do 
so in 825.300(a)(4). 
(3) If, at the time an employee provides no-
tice of a subsequent need for FMLA leave during the applicable 12-month period due to a different FMLA-qualifying reason, and the employee’s eligibility status has not changed, no additional eligibility notice is required. If, however, the employee’s eligi-bility status has changed ( e.g., if the em-
ployee has not met the hours of service re-quirement in the 12 months preceding the commencement of leave for the subsequent qualifying reason), the employing office must notify the employee of the change in eligibility status within five business days, absent extenuating circumstances. 
(c) Rights and responsibilities notice. (1) Em-
ploying offices shall provide written notice detailing the specific expectations and obli-gations of the employee and explaining any consequences of a failure to meet these obli-gations. The employing office is obligated to translate this notice in any situation in which it is obligated to do so in 825.300(a)(4). This notice shall be provided to the em-ployee each time the eligibility notice is pro-vided pursuant to paragraph (b) of this sec-tion. If leave has already begun, the notice should be mailed to the employee’s address of record. Such specific notice must include, as appropriate: 
(i) That the leave may be designated and 
counted against the employee’s annual FMLA leave entitlement if qualifying ( see 
825.300(c) and 825.301) and the applicable 12- month period for FMLA entitlement ( see 
825.127(c), 825.200(b), (f), and (g)); 
(ii) Any requirements for the employee to 
furnish certification of a serious health con-dition, serious injury or illness, or qualifying exigency arising out of active duty or call to active duty status, and the consequences of failing to do so ( see 825.305, 825.309, 825.310, 
825.313); 
(iii) The employee’s right to substitute 
paid leave, whether the employing office will require the substitution of paid leave, the conditions related to any substitution, and the employee’s entitlement to take unpaid FMLA leave if the employee does not meet the conditions for paid leave ( see 825.207); 
(iv) Any requirement for the employee to 
make any premium payments to maintain health benefits and the arrangements for making such payments ( see 825.210), and the 
possible consequences of failure to make such payments on a timely basis ( i.e., the 
circumstances under which coverage may lapse); 
(v) The employee’s status as a key em-
ployee and the potential consequence that restoration may be denied following FMLA leave, explaining the conditions required for such denial ( see 825.218); 
(vi) The employee’s right to maintenance 
of benefits during the FMLA leave and res-toration to the same or an equivalent job upon return from FMLA leave ( see 825.214 and 
825.604); and 
(vii) The employee’s potential liability for 
payment of health insurance premiums paid by the employing office during the employ-ee’s unpaid FMLA leave if the employee fails to return to work after taking FMLA leave (see 825.213). 
(2) The notice of rights and responsibilities 
may include other information— e.g., wheth-
er the employing office will require periodic reports of the employee’s status and intent to return to work—but is not required to do so. 
(3) The notice of rights and responsibilities 
may be accompanied by any required certifi-cation form. 
(4) If the specific information provided by 
the notice of rights and responsibilities changes, the employing office shall, within five business days of receipt of the employ-
ee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, provide written notice ref-erencing the prior notice and setting forth any of the information in the notice of rights and responsibilities that has changed. For example, if the initial leave period was paid leave and the subsequent leave period would be unpaid leave, the employing office may need to give notice of the arrangements for making premium payments. 
(5) Employing offices are also expected to 
responsively answer questions from employ-ees concerning their rights and responsibil-ities under the FMLA, as made applicable under the CAA. 
(6) A prototype notice of rights and respon-
sibilities may be obtained in Form C, or from the Office of Compliance. Employing of-fices may adapt the prototype notice as ap-propriate to meet these notice requirements. The notice of rights and responsibilities may be distributed electronically so long as it 
otherwise meets the requirements of this section. 
(d) Designation notice . (1) The employing of-
fice is responsible in all circumstances for designating leave as FMLA-qualifying, and for giving notice of the designation to the employee as provided in this section. When the employing office has enough information to determine whether the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason ( e.g., 
after receiving a certification), the employ-ing office must notify the employee whether the leave will be designated and will be counted as FMLA leave within five business days absent extenuating circumstances. Only one notice of designation is required for each FMLA-qualifying reason per applicable 12- month period, regardless of whether the leave taken due to the qualifying reason will be a continuous block of leave or intermit-tent or reduced schedule leave. If the em-ploying office determines that the leave will not be designated as FMLA-qualifying ( e.g., 
if the leave is not for a reason covered by FMLA or the FMLA leave entitlement has been exhausted), the employing office must notify the employee of that determination. If the employing office requires paid leave to be substituted for unpaid FMLA leave, or that paid leave taken under an existing leave plan be counted as FMLA leave, the employ-ing office must inform the employee of this designation at the time of designating the FMLA leave. 
(2) If the employing office has sufficient in-
formation to designate the leave as FMLA leave immediately after receiving notice of the employee’s need for leave, the employing office may provide the employee with the designation notice at that time. 
(3) If the employing office will require the 
employee to present a fitness-for-duty cer-tification to be restored to employment, the employing office must provide notice of such requirement with the designation notice. If the employing office will require that the fitness-for-duty certification address the em-ployee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the employee’s position, the em-ploying office must so indicate in the des-ignation notice, and must include a list of the essential functions of the employee’s po-sition. See 825.312. If the employing office’s 
handbook or other written documents (if any) describing the employing office’s leave policies clearly provide that a fitness-for- duty certification will be required in specific circumstances ( e.g., by stating that fitness- 
for-duty certification will be required in all cases of back injuries for employees in a cer-tain occupation), the employing office is not required to provide written notice of the re-quirement with the designation notice, but must provide oral notice no later than with the designation notice. (4) The designation notice must be in writ-
ing. A prototype designation notice is con-tained in Form D or may be obtained from the Office of Compliance. If the leave is not designated as FMLA leave because it does not meet the requirements of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, the notice to the employee that the leave is not des-ignated as FMLA leave may be in the form of a simple written statement. 
(5) If the information provided by the em-
ploying office to the employee in the des-ignation notice changes ( e.g., the employee 
exhausts the FMLA leave entitlement), the employing office shall provide, within five business days of receipt of the employee’s first notice of need for leave subsequent to any change, written notice of the change. 
(6) The employing office must notify the 
employee of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment. If the amount of leave needed is known at the time the employing office des-ignates the leave as FMLA-qualifying, the employing office must notify the employee of the number of hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement in the designation notice. If it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks that will be counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitle-ment (such as in the case of unforeseeable intermittent leave), then the employing of-fice must provide notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement upon the request by the employee, but no more often than once in a 30-day period and only if leave was taken in that period. The notice of the amount of leave counted against the employee’s FMLA entitlement may be oral or in writing. If such notice is oral, it shall be confirmed in writing no later than the following payday (unless the payday is less than one week after the oral notice, in which case the no-tice must be no later than the subsequent payday). Such written notice may be in any form, including a notation on the employee’s pay stub. 
(e) Consequences of failing to provide notice . 
Failure to follow the notice requirements set forth in this section may constitute an inter-ference with, restraint, or denial of the exer-cise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An em-ploying office may be liable for compensa-tion and benefits lost by reason of the viola-tion, for other actual monetary losses sus-tained as a direct result of the violation, and for appropriate equitable or other relief, in-cluding employment, reinstatement, pro-motion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suffered. See 825.400(c). 
825.301 Designation of FMLA leave. 
(a) Employing office responsibilities
. The em-
ploying office’s decision to designate leave as FMLA-qualifying must be based only on information received from the employee or the employee’s spokesperson ( e.g., if the em-
ployee is incapacitated, the employee’s spouse, adult child, parent, doctor, etc., may 
provide notice to the employing office of the need to take FMLA leave). In any cir-cumstance where the employing office does not have sufficient information about the reason for an employee’s use of leave, the employing office should inquire further of the employee or the spokesperson to ascer-tain whether leave is potentially FMLA- qualifying. Once the employing office has ac-quired knowledge that the leave is being taken for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ploying office must notify the employee as provided in 825.300(d). 
(b) Employee responsibilities . An employee 
giving notice of the need for FMLA leave does not need to expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6731 September 16, 2015 
CAA, or even mention the FMLA to meet his 
or her obligation to provide notice, though the employee would need to state a quali-fying reason for the needed leave and other-wise satisfy the notice requirements set forth in 825.302 or 825.303 depending on whether the need for leave is foreseeable or unforeseeable. An employee giving notice of the need for FMLA leave must explain the reasons for the needed leave so as to allow the employing office to determine whether the leave qualifies under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. If the employee fails to explain the reasons, leave may be denied. In many cases, in explaining the reasons for a request to use leave, especially when the need for the leave was unexpected or unfore-seen, an employee will provide sufficient in-formation for the employing office to des-ignate the leave as FMLA leave. An em-ployee using accrued paid leave may in some cases not spontaneously explain the reasons or their plans for using their accrued leave. However, if an employee requesting to use paid leave for a FMLA-qualifying reason does not explain the reason for the leave and the employing office denies the employee’s request, the employee will need to provide sufficient information to establish a FMLA- qualifying reason for the needed leave so that the employing office is aware that the leave may not be denied and may designate that the paid leave be appropriately counted against (substituted for) the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. Similarly, an em-ployee using accrued paid vacation leave who seeks an extension of unpaid leave for a 
FMLA-qualifying reason will need to state the reason. If this is due to an event which occurred during the period of paid leave, the employing office may count the leave used after the FMLA-qualifying reason against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. 
(c) Disputes . If there is a dispute between 
an employing office and an employee as to whether leave qualifies as FMLA leave, it should be resolved through discussions be-tween the employee and the employing of-fice. Such discussions and the decision must be documented. 
(d) Retroactive designation . If an employing 
office does not designate leave as required by 825.300, the employing office may retro-actively designate leave as FMLA leave with appropriate notice to the employee as re-quired by 825.300 provided that the employ-ing office’s failure to timely designate leave does not cause harm or injury to the em-ployee. In all cases where leave would qual-ify for FMLA protections, an employing of-fice and an employee can mutually agree that leave be retroactively designated as FMLA leave. 
(e) Remedies . If an employing office’s fail-
ure to timely designate leave in accordance with 825.300 causes the employee to suffer harm, it may constitute an interference with, restraint of, or denial of the exercise of an employee’s FMLA rights. An employing office may be liable for compensation and benefits lost by reason of the violation, for other actual monetary losses sustained as a direct result of the violation, and for appro-priate equitable or other relief, including employment, reinstatement, promotion, or any other relief tailored to the harm suf-fered. See 825.400(c). For example, if an em-
ploying office that was put on notice that an employee needed FMLA leave failed to des-ignate the leave properly, but the employee’s own serious health condition prevented him or her from returning to work during that time period regardless of the designation, an employee may not be able to show that the employee suffered harm as a result of the employing office’s actions. However, if an employee took leave to provide care for a son or daughter with a serious health condi-tion believing it would not count toward his 
or her FMLA entitlement, and the employee planned to later use that FMLA leave to pro-vide care for a spouse who would need assist-ance when recovering from surgery planned for a later date, the employee may be able to show that harm has occurred as a result of the employing office’s failure to designate properly. The employee might establish this by showing that he or she would have ar-ranged for an alternative caregiver for the seriously-ill son or daughter if the leave had been designated timely. 
825.302 Employee notice requirements for 
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
(a) Timing of notice . An employee must pro-
vide the employing office at least 30 days ad-vance notice before FMLA leave is to begin if the need for the leave is foreseeable based on an expected birth, placement for adoption or foster care, planned medical treatment for a serious health condition of the employee or of a family member, or the planned medical treatment for a serious injury or illness of a covered servicemember. If 30 days notice is not practicable, such as because of a lack of knowledge of approximately when leave will be required to begin, a change in cir-cumstances, or a medical emergency, notice must be given as soon as practicable. For ex-ample, an employee’s health condition may require leave to commence earlier than an-ticipated before the birth of a child. Simi-larly, little opportunity for notice may be given before placement for adoption. For foreseeable leave due to a qualifying exi-gency, notice must be provided as soon as practicable, regardless of how far in advance such leave is foreseeable. Whether FMLA leave is to be continuous or is to be taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule basis, notice need only be given one time, but the employee shall advise the employing office as soon as practicable if dates of scheduled leave change or are extended, or were initially unknown. In those cases where the employee is required to provide at least 30 days notice of foreseeable leave and does not do so, the employee shall explain the reasons why such notice was not practicable upon a request from the employing office for such information. 
(b) As soon as practicable means as soon as 
both possible and practical, taking into ac-count all of the facts and circumstances in the individual case. When an employee be-comes aware of a need for FMLA leave less than 30 days in advance, it should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of the need for leave either the same day or the next business day. In all cases, however, the determination of when an employee could practicably provide notice must take into account the individual facts and cir-cumstances. 
(c) Content of notice . An employee shall 
provide at least verbal notice sufficient to make the employing office aware that the employee needs FMLA-qualifying leave, and the anticipated timing and duration of the leave. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), and that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b); if the leave is for a family member, that the condition renders the family member unable to perform daily activities, or that the fam-ily member is a covered servicemember with 
a serious injury or illness; and the antici-pated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the em-ployee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even mention the FMLA. When an em-ployee seeks leave due to a FMLA-qualifying reason, for which the employing office has previously provided FMLA-protected leave, the employee must specifically reference the qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. In all cases, the employing of-fice should inquire further of the employee if it is necessary to have more information about whether FMLA leave is being sought by the employee, and obtain the necessary details of the leave to be taken. In the case of medical conditions, the employing office may find it necessary to inquire further to determine if the leave is because of a serious health condition and may request medical certification to support the need for such leave. See 825.305. An employing office may 
also request certification to support the need for leave for a qualifying exigency or for military caregiver leave. See 825.309, 825.310. 
When an employee has been previously cer-tified for leave due to more than one FMLA- qualifying reason, the employing office may need to inquire further to determine for which qualifying reason the leave is needed. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to respond to rea-sonable employing office inquiries regarding the leave request may result in denial of FMLA protection if the employing office is unable to determine whether the leave is FMLA-qualifying. 
(d) Complying with the employing office pol-
icy. An employing office may require an em-
ployee to comply with the employing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural 
requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For example, an em-ploying office may require that written no-tice set forth the reasons for the requested leave, the anticipated duration of the leave, and the anticipated start of the leave. An employee also may be required by an em-ploying office’s policy to contact a specific individual. Unusual circumstances would in-clude situations such as when an employee is unable to comply with the employing office’s policy that requests for leave should be made by contacting a specific number because on the day the employee needs to provide notice of his or her need for FMLA leave there is no one to answer the call-in number and the voice mail box is full. Where an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and procedural requirements, and no unusual circumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or denied. However, FMLA- protected leave may not be delayed or denied where the employing office’s policy requires notice to be given sooner than set forth in paragraph (a) of this section and the em-ployee provides timely notice as set forth in paragraph (a) of this section. 
(e) Scheduling planned medical treatment . 
When planning medical treatment, the em-ployee must consult with the employing of-fice and make a reasonable effort to schedule the treatment so as not to disrupt unduly the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. Em-ployees are ordinarily expected to consult with their employing offices prior to the scheduling of treatment in order to work out a treatment schedule which best suits the needs of both the employing office and the employee. For example, if an employee who provides notice of the need to take FMLA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6732 September 16, 2015 
leave on an intermittent basis for planned 
medical treatment neglects to consult with the employing office to make a reasonable effort to arrange the schedule of treatments so as not to unduly disrupt the employing of-fice’s operations, the employing office may initiate discussions with the employee and require the employee to attempt to make such arrangements, subject to the approval of the health care provider. See 825.203 and 
825.205. 
(f) Intermittent leave or leave on a reduced 
leave schedule must be medically necessary due to a serious health condition or a serious injury or illness. An employee shall advise the employing office, upon request, of the reasons why the intermittent/reduced leave schedule is necessary and of the schedule for treatment, if applicable. The employee and employing office shall attempt to work out a schedule for such leave that meets the em-ployee’s needs without unduly disrupting the employing office’s operations, subject to the approval of the health care provider. 
(g) An employing office may waive employ-
ees’ FMLA notice requirements. See 825.304. 
825.303 Employee notice requirements for un-
foreseeable FMLA leave. 
(a) Timing of notice . When the approximate 
timing of the need for leave is not foresee-able, an employee must provide notice to the employing office as soon as practicable under the facts and circumstances of the par-ticular case. It generally should be prac-ticable for the employee to provide notice of leave that is unforeseeable within the time prescribed by the employing office’s usual and customary notice requirements applica-ble to such leave. See 825.303(c). Notice may 
be given by the employee’s spokesperson (e.g., spouse, adult family member, or other 
responsible party) if the employee is unable to do so personally. For example, if an em-ployee’s child has a severe asthma attack and the employee takes the child to the emergency room, the employee would not be required to leave his or her child in order to report the absence while the child is receiv-ing emergency treatment. However, if the child’s asthma attack required only the use of an inhaler at home followed by a period of rest, the employee would be expected to call the employing office promptly after ensuring the child has used the inhaler. 
(b) Content of notice . An employee shall 
provide sufficient information for an em-ploying office to reasonably determine whether the FMLA may apply to the leave request. Depending on the situation, such in-formation may include that a condition ren-ders the employee unable to perform the functions of the job; that the employee is pregnant or has been hospitalized overnight; whether the employee or the employee’s family member is under the continuing care of a health care provider; if the leave is due to a qualifying exigency, that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been noti-fied of an impending call or order to covered active duty), that the requested leave is for one of the reasons listed in 825.126(b), and the anticipated duration of the absence; or if the leave is for a family member that the condi-tion renders the family member unable to perform daily activities or that the family member is a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness; and the anticipated duration of the absence, if known. When an employee seeks leave for the first time for a FMLA-qualifying reason, the employee need not expressly assert rights under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, or even men-tion the FMLA. When an employee seeks leave due to a qualifying reason, for which the employing office has previously provided the employee FMLA-protected leave, the em-ployee must specifically reference either the 
qualifying reason for leave or the need for FMLA leave. Calling in ‘‘sick’’ without pro-viding more information will not be consid-ered sufficient notice to trigger an employ-ing office’s obligations under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. The employing office will be expected to obtain any addi-tional required information through infor-mal means. An employee has an obligation to respond to an employing office’s questions designed to determine whether an absence is potentially FMLA-qualifying. Failure to re-spond to reasonable employing office inquir-ies office regarding the leave request may re-sult in denial of FMLA protection if the em-ploying office is unable to determine wheth-er the leave is FMLA-qualifying. 
(c) Complying with employing office policy . 
When the need for leave is not foreseeable, an employee must comply with the employ-ing office’s usual and customary notice and procedural requirements for requesting leave, absent unusual circumstances. For ex-ample, an employing office may require em-ployees to call a designated number or a spe-cific individual to request leave. However, if an employee requires emergency medical treatment, he or she would not be required to follow the call-in procedure until his or her condition is stabilized and he or she has access to, and is able to use, a phone. Simi-larly, in the case of an emergency requiring leave because of a FMLA-qualifying reason, written advance notice pursuant to an em-ploying office’s internal rules and procedures may not be required when FMLA leave is in-volved. If an employee does not comply with the employing office’s usual notice and pro-cedural requirements, and no unusual cir-cumstances justify the failure to comply, FMLA-protected leave may be delayed or de-nied. 
825.304 Employee failure to provide notice. 
(a) Proper notice required . In all cases, in 
order for the onset of an employee’s FMLA leave to be delayed due to lack of required notice, it must be clear that the employee had actual notice of the FMLA notice re-quirements. This condition would be satis-fied by the employing office’s proper posting, at the worksite where the employee is em-ployed, of the information regarding the FMLA provided (pursuant to section 301(h)(2) of the CAA, 2 U.S.C. 1381(h)(2)) by the Office of Compliance to the employing office in a manner suitable for posting. 
(b) Foreseeable leave—30 days . When the 
need for FMLA leave is foreseeable at least 30 days in advance and an employee fails to give timely advance notice with no reason-able excuse, the employing office may delay FMLA coverage until 30 days after the date the employee provides notice. The need for leave and the approximate date leave would be taken must have been clearly foreseeable to the employee 30 days in advance of the leave. For example, knowledge that an em-ployee would receive a telephone call about the availability of a child for adoption at some unknown point in the future would not be sufficient to establish the leave was clear-ly foreseeable 30 days in advance. 
(c) Foreseeable leave—less than 30 days . 
When the need for FMLA leave is foreseeable fewer than 30 days in advance and an em-ployee fails to give notice as soon as prac-ticable under the particular facts and cir-cumstances, the extent to which an employ-ing office may delay FMLA coverage for leave depends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if an employee reasonably should have given the employing office two weeks’ notice but instead only provided one week’s notice, then the employing office may delay FMLA-protected leave for one week (thus, if the employing office elects to delay FMLA coverage and the employee 
nonetheless takes leave one week after pro-viding the notice ( i.e., a week before the two 
week notice period has been met) the leave will not be FMLA-protected). 
(d) Unforeseeable leave . When the need for 
FMLA leave is unforeseeable and an em-ployee fails to give notice in accordance with 825.303, the extent to which an employing of-fice may delay FMLA coverage for leave de-pends on the facts of the particular case. For example, if it would have been practicable for an employee to have given the employing office notice of the need for leave very soon after the need arises consistent with the em-ploying office’s policy, but instead the em-ployee provided notice two days after the leave began, then the employing office may delay FMLA coverage of the leave by two days. 
(e) Waiver of notice . An employing office 
may waive employees’ FMLA notice obliga-tions or the employing office’s own internal rules on leave notice requirements. If an em-ploying office does not waive the employee’s obligations under its internal leave rules, the employing office may take appropriate action under its internal rules and proce-dures for failure to follow its usual and cus-tomary notification rules, absent unusual circumstances, as long as the actions are taken in a manner that does not discrimi-nate against employees taking FMLA leave and the rules are not inconsistent with 825.303(a). 
825.305 Certification, general rule. 
(a) General . An employing office may re-
quire that an employee’s leave to care for the employee’s covered family member with a serious health condition, or due to the em-ployee’s own serious health condition that makes the employee unable to perform one or more of the essential functions of the em-ployee’s position, be supported by a certifi-cation issued by the health care provider of the employee or the employee’s family mem-ber. An employing office may also require that an employee’s leave because of a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember with a serious injury or illness be supported by a certification, as described in 825.309 and 825.310, respectively. An employ-ing office must give notice of a requirement for certification each time a certification is required; such notice must be written notice whenever required by 825.300(c). An employ-ing office’s oral request to an employee to furnish any subsequent certification is suffi-cient. 
(b) Timing . In most cases, the employing of-
fice should request that an employee furnish certification at the time the employee gives notice of the need for leave or within five business days thereafter, or, in the case of unforeseen leave, within five business days after the leave commences. The employing office may request certification at some later date if the employing office later has reason to question the appropriateness of the leave or its duration. The employee must provide the requested certification to the employing office within 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request, unless it is not practicable under the particular cir-cumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts or the employing office provides more than 15 calendar days to return the requested certification. 
(c) Complete and sufficient certification . The 
employee must provide a complete and suffi-cient certification to the employing office if required by the employing office in accord-ance with 825.306, 825.309, and 825.310. The em-ploying office shall advise an employee whenever the employing office finds a cer-tification incomplete or insufficient, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6733 September 16, 2015 
shall state in writing what additional infor-
mation is necessary to make the certifi-cation complete and sufficient. A certifi-cation is considered incomplete if the em-ploying office receives a certification, but one or more of the applicable entries have not been completed. A certification is con-sidered insufficient if the employing office receives a complete certification, but the in-formation provided is vague, ambiguous, or non-responsive. The employing office must provide the employee with seven calendar days (unless not practicable under the par-ticular circumstances despite the employee’s diligent good faith efforts) to cure any such deficiency. If the deficiencies specified by the employing office are not cured in the re-submitted certification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in ac-cordance with 825.313. A certification that is not returned to the employing office is not considered incomplete or insufficient, but constitutes a failure to provide certification. 
(d) Consequences . At the time the employ-
ing office requests certification, the employ-ing office must also advise an employee of the anticipated consequences of an employ-ee’s failure to provide adequate certification. If the employee fails to provide the employ-ing office with a complete and sufficient cer-tification, despite the opportunity to cure the certification as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, or fails to provide any certifi-cation, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave, in accordance with 825.313. It is the employee’s responsibility ei-ther to furnish a complete and sufficient cer-tification or to furnish the health care pro-vider providing the certification with any necessary authorization from the employee or the employee’s family member in order for the health care provider to release a com-plete and sufficient certification to the em-ploying office to support the employee’s FMLA request. This provision will apply in any case where an employing office requests a certification permitted by these regula-tions, whether it is the initial certification, a recertification, a second or third opinion, or a fitness-for-duty certificate, including any clarifications necessary to determine if such certifications are authentic and suffi-cient. See 825.306, 825.307, 825.308, and 825.312. 
(e) Annual medical certification . Where the 
employee’s need for leave due to the employ-ee’s own serious health condition, or the se-rious health condition of the employee’s cov-ered family member, lasts beyond a single leave year (as defined in 825.200), the employ-ing office may require the employee to pro-vide a new medical certification in each sub-sequent leave year. Such new medical cer-tifications are subject to the provisions for authentication and clarification set forth in 825.307, including second and third opinions. 
825.306 Content of medical certification for 
leave taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
(a) Required information . When leave is 
taken because of an employee’s own serious health condition, or the serious health condi-tion of a family member, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a medical certification from a health care provider that sets forth the following information: 
(1) The name, address, telephone number, 
and fax number of the health care provider and type of medical practice/specialization; 
(2) The approximate date on which the se-
rious health condition commenced, and its probable duration; 
(3) A statement or description of appro-
priate medical facts regarding the patient’s health condition for which FMLA leave is re-quested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. Such medical facts may include information on symptoms, 
diagnosis, hospitalization, doctor visits, whether medication has been prescribed, any referrals for evaluation or treatment (phys-ical therapy, for example), or any other regi-
men of continuing treatment; 
(4) If the employee is the patient, informa-
tion sufficient to establish that the em-ployee cannot perform the essential func-tions of the employee’s job as well as the na-ture of any other work restrictions, and the likely duration of such inability (see 825.123(b) and (c)); 
(5) If the patient is a covered family mem-
ber with a serious health condition, informa-tion sufficient to establish that the family member is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the leave required to care for the family member; 
(6) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment of the employee’s or a covered family member’s serious health condition, information sufficient to establish the medical necessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the dates and duration of such treatments and any periods of recovery; 
(7) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for the employee’s serious health condition, in-cluding pregnancy, that may result in un-foreseeable episodes of incapacity, informa-tion sufficient to establish the medical ne-cessity for such intermittent or reduced schedule leave and an estimate of the fre-quency and duration of the episodes of inca-pacity; and 
(8) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered family member with a se-rious health condition, a statement that such leave is medically necessary to care for the family member, as described in 825.124 and 825.203(b), which can include assisting in the family member’s recovery, and an esti-mate of the frequency and duration of the re-quired leave. 
(b) The Office of Compliance has developed 
two optional forms (Form A and Form B) for use in obtaining medical certification, in-cluding second and third opinions, from health care providers that meets FMLA’s certification requirements, as made applica-ble by the CAA. ( See Forms A and B.) Op-
tional Form A is for use when the employee’s need for leave is due to the employee’s own serious health condition. Optional Form B is for use when the employee needs leave to care for a family member with a serious health condition. These optional forms re-flect certification requirements so as to per-mit the health care provider to furnish ap-propriate medical information. Forms A and B are modeled closely on Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as revised, which were devel-oped by the Department of Labor ( see 29 
C.F.R. Part 825). The employing office may use the Office of Compliance’s forms, or Form WH–380E and Form WH–380F, as re-vised, or another form containing the same basic information; however, no information may be required beyond that specified in 825.306, 825.307, and 825.308. In all instances the information on the form must relate only to the serious health condition for which the current need for leave exists. 
(c) If an employee is on FMLA leave run-
ning concurrently with a workers’ compensa-tion absence, and the provisions of the work-ers’ compensation statute permit the em-ploying office or the employing office’s rep-resentative to request additional informa-tion from the employee’s workers’ com-pensation health care provider, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the applicable workers’ compensa-tion provisions and information received 
under those provisions may be considered in determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. Similarly, an em-ploying office may request additional infor-mation in accordance with a paid leave pol-icy or disability plan that requires greater information to qualify for payments or bene-fits, provided that the employing office in-forms the employee that the additional in-formation only needs to be provided in con-nection with receipt of such payments or benefits. Any information received pursuant to such policy or plan may be considered in determining the employee’s entitlement to FMLA-protected leave. If the employee fails to provide the information required for re-ceipt of such payments or benefits, such fail-ure will not affect the employee’s entitle-ment to take unpaid FMLA leave. See 
825.207(a). 
(d) If an employee’s serious health condi-
tion may also be a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applica-ble by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the pro-cedures for requesting medical information under the ADA. Any information received pursuant to these procedures may be consid-ered in determining the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA-protected leave. 
(e) While an employee may choose to com-
ply with the certification requirement by providing the employing office with an au-thorization, release, or waiver allowing the employing office to communicate directly with the health care provider of the em-ployee or his or her covered family member, the employee may not be required to provide such an authorization, release, or waiver. In all instances in which certification is re-quested, it is the employee’s responsibility to provide the employing office with com-plete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 
825.307 Authentication and clarification of 
medical certification for leave taken be-cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member; second and third opinions. 
(a) Clarification and authentication . If an 
employee submits a complete and sufficient certification signed by the health care pro-vider, the employing office may not request additional information from the health care provider. However, the employing office may contact the health care provider for purposes of clarification and authentication of the medical certification (whether initial certifi-cation or recertification) after the employ-ing office has given the employee an oppor-tunity to cure any deficiencies as set forth in 825.305(c). To make such contact, the em-ploying office must use a health care pro-vider, a human resources professional, a leave administrator, or a management offi-cial. Under no circumstances, however, may the employee’s direct supervisor contact the employee’s health care provider. 
For purposes of these regulations, authen-
tication means providing the health care pro-
vider with a copy of the certification and re-questing verification that the information contained on the certification form was com-pleted and/or authorized by the health care provider who signed the document; no addi-tional medical information may be re-quested. Clarification means contacting the 
health care provider to understand the hand-writing on the medical certification or to un-derstand the meaning of a response. Employ-ing offices may not ask health care providers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6734 September 16, 2015 
for additional information beyond that re-
quired by the certification form. The re-quirements of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Pri-vacy Rule, ( see 45 CFR parts 160 and 164), 
which governs the privacy of individually- identifiable health information created or held by HIPAA-covered entities, must be sat-isfied when individually-identifiable health information of an employee is shared with an employing office by a HIPAA-covered health care provider. If an employee chooses not to provide the employing office with authoriza-tion allowing the employing office to clarify the certification with the health care pro-vider, and does not otherwise clarify the cer-tification, the employing office may deny the taking of FMLA leave if the certification is unclear. See 825.305(d). It is the employee’s 
responsibility to provide the employing of-fice with a complete and sufficient certifi-cation and to clarify the certification if nec-essary. 
(b) Second Opinion . (1) An employing office 
that has reason to doubt the validity of a medical certification may require the em-ployee to obtain a second opinion at the em-ploying office’s expense. Pending receipt of the second (or third) medical opinion, the employee is provisionally entitled to the benefits of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, including maintenance of group health benefits. If the certifications do not ultimately establish the employee’s entitle-ment to FMLA leave, the leave shall not be designated as FMLA leave and may be treat-ed as paid or unpaid leave under the employ-ing office’s established leave policies. In ad-
dition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if re-quested by the health care provider des-ignated to provide a second opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete second opinion. 
(2) The employing office is permitted to 
designate the health care provider to furnish the second opinion, but the selected health care provider may not be employed on a reg-ular basis by the employing office. The em-ploying office may not regularly contract with or otherwise regularly utilize the serv-ices of the health care provider furnishing the second opinion unless the employing of-fice is located in an area where access to health care is extremely limited ( e.g., a rural 
area where no more than one or two doctors practice in the relevant specialty in the vi-cinity). 
(c) Third opinion . If the opinions of the em-
ployee’s and the employing office’s des-ignated health care providers differ, the em-ploying office may require the employee to obtain certification from a third health care provider, again at the employing office’s ex-pense. This third opinion shall be final and binding. The third health care provider must be designated or approved jointly by the em-ploying office and the employee. The em-ploying office and the employee must each act in good faith to attempt to reach agree-ment on whom to select for the third opinion provider. If the employing office does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employing office will be bound by the first certification. If the employee does not at-tempt in good faith to reach agreement, the employee will be bound by the second certifi-cation. For example, an employee who re-fuses to agree to see a doctor in the specialty in question may be failing to act in good faith. On the other hand, an employing office that refuses to agree to any doctor on a list of specialists in the appropriate field pro-vided by the employee and whom the em-ployee has not previously consulted may be 
failing to act in good faith. In addition, the consequences set forth in 825.305(d) will apply if the employee or the employee’s family member fails to authorize his or her health care provider to release all relevant medical information pertaining to the serious health condition at issue if requested by the health care provider designated to provide a third opinion in order to render a sufficient and complete third opinion. 
(d) Copies of opinions . The employing office 
is required to provide the employee with a copy of the second and third medical opin-ions, where applicable, upon request by the employee. Requested copies are to be pro-vided within five business days unless ex-tenuating circumstances prevent such ac-tion. 
(e) Travel expenses . If the employing office 
requires the employee to obtain either a sec-ond or third opinion the employing office must reimburse an employee or family mem-ber for any reasonable ‘‘out of pocket’’ travel expenses incurred to obtain the second and third medical opinions. The employing office may not require the employee or family member to travel outside normal commuting distance for purposes of obtaining the second or third medical opinions except in very un-usual circumstances. 
(f) Medical certification abroad . In cir-
cumstances in which the employee or a fam-ily member is visiting in another country, or a family member resides in another country, and a serious health condition develops, the employing office shall accept a medical cer-tification as well as second and third opin-ions from a health care provider who prac-tices in that country. Where a certification by a foreign health care provider is in a lan-guage other than English, the employee must provide the employing office with a written translation of the certification upon request. 
825.308 Recertifications for leave taken be-
cause of an employee’s own serious health condition or the serious health condition of a family member. 
(a) 30-day rule. An employing office may re-
quest recertification no more often than every 30 days and only in connection with an absence by the employee, unless paragraphs (b) or (c) of this section apply. 
(b) More than 30 days. If the medical certifi-
cation indicates that the minimum duration of the condition is more than 30 days, an em-ploying office must wait until that minimum duration expires before requesting a recer-tification, unless paragraph (c) of this sec-tion applies. For example, if the medical cer-tification states that an employee will be un-able to work, whether continuously or on an intermittent basis, for 40 days, the employ-ing office must wait 40 days before request-ing a recertification. In all cases, an employ-ing office may request a recertification of a medical condition every six months in con-nection with an absence by the employee. Accordingly, even if the medical certifi-cation indicates that the employee will need intermittent or reduced schedule leave for a period in excess of six months (e.g., for a life-time condition), the employing office would be permitted to request recertification every six months in connection with an absence. 
(c) Less than 30 days. An employing office 
may request recertification in less than 30 days if: 
(1) The employee requests an extension of 
leave; 
(2) Circumstances described by the pre-
vious certification have changed signifi-cantly ( e.g., the duration or frequency of the 
absence, the nature or severity of the illness, complications). For example, if a medical certification stated that an employee would need leave for one to two days when the em-
ployee suffered a migraine headache and the employee’s absences for his or her last two migraines lasted four days each, then the in-creased duration of absence might constitute a significant change in circumstances allow-ing the employing office to request a recer-tification in less than 30 days. Likewise, if an employee had a pattern of using unsched-uled FMLA leave for migraines in conjunc-tion with his or her scheduled days off, then the timing of the absences also might con-stitute a significant change in circumstances sufficient for an employing office to request a recertification more frequently than every 30 days; or 
(3) The employing office receives informa-
tion that casts doubt upon the employee’s stated reason for the absence or the con-tinuing validity of the certification. For ex-ample, if an employee is on FMLA leave for four weeks due to the employee’s knee sur-gery, including recuperation, and the em-ployee plays in company softball league games during the employee’s third week of FMLA leave, such information might be suf-ficient to cast doubt upon the continuing va-lidity of the certification allowing the em-ploying office to request a recertification in less than 30 days. 
(d) Timing. The employee must provide the 
requested recertification to the employing office within the time frame requested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the employing office’s request), unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances to do so despite the employee’s diligent, good faith efforts. 
(e) Content. The employing office may ask 
for the same information when obtaining re-certification as that permitted for the origi-nal certification as set forth in 825.306. The employee has the same obligations to par-ticipate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certification or ade-quate authorization to the health care pro-vider) in the recertification process as in the initial certification process. See 825.305(d). As 
part of the information allowed to be ob-tained on recertification for leave taken be-cause of a serious health condition, the em-ploying office may provide the health care provider with a record of the employee’s ab-sence pattern and ask the health care pro-vider if the serious health condition and need for leave is consistent with such a pattern. 
(f) Any recertification requested by the 
employing office shall be at the employee’s expense unless the employing office provides otherwise. No second or third opinion on re-certification may be required. 
825.309 Certification for leave taken because 
of a qualifying exigency. 
(a) Active Duty Orders. The first time an 
employee requests leave because of a quali-fying exigency arising out of the covered ac-tive duty or call to covered active duty sta-tus (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active duty) of a military member ( see 825.126(a)), an employing office 
may require the employee to provide a copy of the military member’s active duty orders or other documentation issued by the mili-tary which indicates that the military mem-ber is on covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status, and the dates of the military member’s covered active duty serv-ice. This information need only be provided to the employing office once. A copy of new active duty orders or other documentation issued by the military may be required by the employing office if the need for leave be-cause of a qualifying exigency arises out of a different covered active duty or call to cov-ered active duty status (or notification of an impending call or order to covered active 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6735 September 16, 2015 
duty) of the same or a different military 
member; 
(b) Required information. An employing of-
fice may require that leave for any quali-fying exigency specified in 825.126 be sup-ported by a certification from the employee that sets forth the following information: 
(1) A statement or description, signed by 
the employee, of appropriate facts regarding the qualifying exigency for which FMLA leave is requested. The facts must be suffi-cient to support the need for leave. Such facts should include information on the type of qualifying exigency for which leave is re-quested and any available written docu-mentation which supports the request for leave; such documentation, for example, may include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a document confirming an appoint-ment with a counselor or school official, or a copy of a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs; 
(2) The approximate date on which the 
qualifying exigency commenced or will com-mence; 
(3) If an employee requests leave because of 
a qualifying exigency for a single, contin-uous period of time, the beginning and end dates for such absence; 
(4) If an employee requests leave because of 
a qualifying exigency on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, an estimate of the frequency and duration of the qualifying exi-gency; 
(5) If the qualifying exigency involves 
meeting with a third party, appropriate con-tact information for the individual or entity with whom the employee is meeting (such as the name, title, organization, address, tele-phone number, fax number, and email ad-dress) and a brief description of the purpose of the meeting; and 
(6) If the qualifying exigency involves Rest 
and Recuperation leave, a copy of the mili-
tary member’s Rest and Recuperation or-ders, or other documentation issued by the military which indicates that the military member has been granted Rest and Recuper-ation leave, and the dates of the military member’s Rest and Recuperation leave. 
(c) The Office of Compliance has developed 
an optional form (Form E) for employees’ use in obtaining a certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See 
Form E). This optional form reflects certifi-cation requirements so as to permit the em-ployee to furnish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency. Form E, or another form containing the same basic information, may be used by the employing office; how-ever, no information may be required beyond that specified in this section. 
(d) Verification. If an employee submits a 
complete and sufficient certification to sup-port his or her request for leave because of a qualifying exigency, the employing office may not request additional information from the employee. However, if the qualifying exi-gency involves meeting with a third party, the employing office may contact the indi-vidual or entity with whom the employee is meeting for purposes of verifying a meeting or appointment schedule and the nature of the meeting between the employee and the specified individual or entity. The employ-ee’s permission is not required in order to verify meetings or appointments with third parties, but no additional information may be requested by the employing office. An em-ploying office also may contact an appro-priate unit of the Department of Defense to request verification that a military member is on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status (or has been notified of an impending call or order to covered active duty); no additional information may be re-quested and the employee’s permission is not 
required. 
825.310 Certification for leave taken to care 
for a covered servicemember (military caregiver leave). 
(a) Required information from health care 
provider. When leave is taken to care for a 
covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness, an employing office may require an employee to obtain a certification com-pleted by an authorized health care provider of the covered servicemember. For purposes of leave taken to care for a covered service-member, any one of the following health care providers may complete such a certification: 
(1) A United States Department of Defense 
(‘‘DOD’’) health care provider; 
(2) A United States Department of Vet-
erans Affairs (‘‘VA’’) health care provider; 
(3) A DOD TRICARE network authorized 
private health care provider; 
(4) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-
ized private health care provider; or 
(5) Any health care provider as defined in 
825.125. 
(b) If the authorized health care provider is 
unable to make certain military-related de-terminations outlined below, the authorized health care provider may rely on determina-tions from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care coordinator) or an authorized VA representative. An employ-ing office may request that the health care provider provide the following information: 
(1) The name, address, and appropriate con-
tact information (telephone number, fax number, and/or email address) of the health care provider, the type of medical practice, the medical specialty, and whether the health care provider is one of the following: 
(i) A DOD health care provider; (ii) A VA health care provider; (iii) A DOD TRICARE network authorized 
private health care provider; 
(iv) A DOD non-network TRICARE author-
ized private health care provider; or 
(v) A health care provider as defined in 
825.125. 
(2) Whether the covered servicemember’s 
injury or illness was incurred in the line of duty on active duty or, if not, whether the covered servicemember’s injury or illness ex-isted before the beginning of the servicemember’s active duty and was aggra-vated by service in the line of duty on active duty; 
(3) The approximate date on which the se-
rious injury or illness commenced, or was ag-gravated, and its probable duration; 
(4) A statement or description of appro-
priate medical facts regarding the covered servicemember’s health condition for which FMLA leave is requested. The medical facts must be sufficient to support the need for leave. 
(i) In the case of a current member of the 
Armed Forces, such medical facts must in-clude information on whether the injury or illness may render the covered servicemem-ber medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating and whether the member is receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy; 
(ii) In the case of a covered veteran, such 
medical facts must include: 
(A) Information on whether the veteran is 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is the continuation of an injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered vet-eran was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember medically unfit to perform the duties of the servicemember’s office, grade, rank, or rating; or 
(B) Information on whether the veteran is 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition for which the 
covered veteran has received a U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Service-Related Disability Rating (VASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and that such VASRD rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(C) Information on whether the veteran is 
receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness that is a physical or mental condition that substan-tially impairs the covered veteran’s ability to secure or follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or dis-abilities related to military service, or would do so absent treatment; or 
(D) Documentation of enrollment in the 
Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Care-givers. 
(5) Information sufficient to establish that 
the covered servicemember is in need of care, as described in 825.124, and whether the cov-ered servicemember will need care for a sin-gle continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and recovery, and an es-timate as to the beginning and ending dates for this period of time; 
(6) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis for planned medical treatment appointments for the covered servicemember, whether there is a medical necessity for the covered service-member to have such periodic care and an es-timate of the treatment schedule of such ap-pointments; 
(7) If an employee requests leave on an 
intermittent or reduced schedule basis to care for a covered servicemember other than for planned medical treatment ( e.g., episodic 
flare-ups of a medical condition), whether there is a medical necessity for the covered servicemember to have such periodic care, which can include assisting in the covered servicemember’s recovery, and an estimate of the frequency and duration of the periodic care. 
(c) Required information from employee and/ 
or covered servicemember. In addition to the 
information that may be requested under 825.310(b), an employing office may also re-quest that such certification set forth the following information provided by an em-ployee and/or covered servicemember: 
(1) The name and address of the employing 
office of the employee requesting leave to care for a covered servicemember, the name of the employee requesting such leave, and the name of the covered servicemember for whom the employee is requesting leave to care; 
(2) The relationship of the employee to the 
covered servicemember for whom the em-ployee is requesting leave to care; 
(3) Whether the covered servicemember is a 
current member of the Armed Forces, the National Guard or Reserves, and the covered servicemember’s military branch, rank, and current unit assignment; 
(4) Whether the covered servicemember is 
assigned to a military medical facility as an outpatient or to a unit established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving med-ical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit), and the name of the medical treatment facility or unit; 
(5) Whether the covered servicemember is 
on the temporary disability retired list; 
(6) Whether the covered servicemember is a 
veteran, the date of separation from military service, and whether the separation was other than dishonorable. The employing of-fice may require the employee to provide documentation issued by the military which indicates that the covered servicemember is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6736 September 16, 2015 
a veteran, the date of separation, and that 
the separation is other than dishonorable. Where an employing office requires such doc-umentation, an employee may provide a copy of the veteran’s Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty issued by the U.S. Department of Defense (DD Form 214) or other proof of veteran status. See 
825.127(c)(2). 
(7) A description of the care to be provided 
to the covered servicemember and an esti-mate of the leave needed to provide the care. 
(d) The Office of Compliance has developed 
an optional form (Form F) for employees’ use in obtaining certification that meets FMLA’s certification requirements. ( See 
Form F). This optional form reflects certifi-cation requirements so as to permit the em-ployee to furnish appropriate information to support his or her request for leave to care for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. Form F, or Form WH–385 (developed by the Department of Labor), or 
another form containing the same basic in-formation, may be used by the employing of-fice; however, no information may be re-quired beyond that specified in this section. In all instances the information on the cer-tification must relate only to the serious in-jury or illness for which the current need for leave exists. An employing office may seek authentication and/or clarification of the certification under 825.307. However, second and third opinions under 825.307 are not per-mitted for leave to care for a covered serv-icemember. Additionally, recertifications under 825.308 are not permitted for leave to care for a covered servicemember. An em-ploying office may require an employee to provide confirmation of covered family rela-tionship to the seriously injured or ill serv-icemember pursuant to 825.122(j) of the FMLA. 
(e) An employing office requiring an em-
ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification, in lieu of the Office of Compliance’s optional certification form (Form F) or an employing office’s own certification form, invitational travel orders (ITOs) or invitational travel authorizations (ITAs) issued to any family member to join an injured or ill servicemember at his or her bedside. An ITO or ITA is sufficient certifi-cation for the duration of time specified in the ITO or ITA. During that time period, an eligible employee may take leave to care for the covered servicemember in a continuous block of time or on an intermittent basis. An eligible employee who provides an ITO or ITA to support his or her request for leave may not be required to provide any addi-tional or separate certification that leave taken on an intermittent basis during the period of time specified in the ITO or ITA is medically necessary. An ITO or ITA is suffi-cient certification for an employee entitled to take FMLA leave to care for a covered servicemember regardless of whether the em-ployee is named in the order or authoriza-tion. 
(1) If an employee will need leave to care 
for a covered servicemember beyond the ex-piration date specified in an ITO or ITA, an employing office may request that the em-ployee have one of the authorized health care providers listed under 825.310(a) com-plete the Office of Compliance optional cer-tification form (Form F) or an employing of-fice’s own form, as requisite certification for the remainder of the employee’s necessary leave period. 
(2) An employing office may seek authen-
tication and clarification of the ITO or ITA under 825.307. An employing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the recertification process under 825.308 during the period of time in which leave is supported by an ITO 
or ITA. 
(3) An employing office may require an em-
ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of an ITO or ITA. 
(f) An employing office requiring an em-
ployee to submit a certification for leave to care for a covered servicemember must ac-cept as sufficient certification of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness documentation indicating the servicemember’s enrollment in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Program of Com-prehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. Such documentation is sufficient certifi-cation of the servicemember’s serious injury or illness to support the employee’s request for military caregiver leave regardless of whether the employee is the named care-giver in the enrollment documentation. 
(1) An employing office may seek authen-
tication and clarification of the documenta-tion indicating the servicemember’s enroll-ment in the Department of Veterans Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers under 825.307. An employ-ing office may not utilize the second or third opinion process outlined in 825.307 or the re-certification process under 825.308 when the servicemember’s serious injury or illness is shown by documentation of enrollment in this program. 
(2) An employing office may require an em-
ployee to provide confirmation of covered family relationship to the seriously injured or ill servicemember pursuant to 825.122(k) when an employee supports his or her re-quest for FMLA leave with a copy of such en-rollment documentation. An employing of-fice may also require an employee to provide documentation, such as a veteran’s Form DD–214, showing that the discharge was other than dishonorable and the date of the veteran’s discharge. 
(g) Where medical certification is re-
quested by an employing office, an employee may not be held liable for administrative delays in the issuance of military docu-ments, despite the employee’s diligent, good- faith efforts to obtain such documents. See 
825.305(b). In all instances in which certifi-cation is requested, it is the employee’s re-sponsibility to provide the employing office with complete and sufficient certification and failure to do so may result in the denial of FMLA leave. See 825.305(d). 
825.311 Intent to return to work. 
(a) An employing office may require an 
employee on FMLA leave to report periodi-cally on the employee’s status and intent to return to work. The employing office’s pol-icy regarding such reports may not be dis-criminatory and must take into account all of the relevant facts and circumstances re-lated to the individual employee’s leave situ-ation. 
(b) If an employee gives unequivocal notice 
of intent not to return to work, the employ-ing office’s obligations under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to maintain health benefits (subject to COBRA require-ments or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applica-ble) and to restore the employee cease. How-ever, these obligations continue if an em-ployee indicates he or she may be unable to return to work but expresses a continuing desire to do so. 
(c) It may be necessary for an employee to 
take more leave than originally anticipated. Conversely, an employee may discover after beginning leave that the circumstances have changed and the amount of leave originally anticipated is no longer necessary. An em-ployee may not be required to take more 
FMLA leave than necessary to resolve the circumstance that precipitated the need for leave. In both of these situations, the em-ploying office may require that the employee provide the employing office reasonable no-tice ( i.e., within two business days) of the 
changed circumstances where foreseeable. The employing office may also obtain infor-mation on such changed circumstances through requested status reports. 
825.312 Fitness-for-duty certification. 
(a) As a condition of restoring an employee 
whose FMLA leave was occasioned by the employee’s own serious health condition that made the employee unable to perform the employee’s job, an employing office may have a uniformly-applied policy or practice that requires all similarly-situated employ-ees ( i.e., same occupation, same serious 
health condition) who take leave for such conditions to obtain and present certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider that the employee is able to resume work. The employee has the same obliga-tions to participate and cooperate (including providing a complete and sufficient certifi-cation or providing sufficient authorization to the health care provider to provide the in-formation directly to the employing office) in the fitness-for-duty certification process as in the initial certification process. See 
825.305(d). 
(b) An employing office may seek a fitness- 
for-duty certification only with regard to the particular health condition that caused the employee’s need for FMLA leave. The certifi-cation from the employee’s health care pro-vider must certify that the employee is able to resume work. Additionally, an employing office may require that the certification spe-cifically address the employee’s ability to perform the essential functions of the em-ployee’s job. In order to require such a cer-tification, an employing office must provide an employee with a list of the essential func-tions of the employee’s job no later than with the designation notice required by 825.300(d), and must indicate in the designa-tion notice that the certification must ad-dress the employee’s ability to perform those essential functions. If the employing office satisfies these requirements, the employee’s health care provider must certify that the employee can perform the identified essen-tial functions of his or her job. Following the procedures set forth in 825.307(a), the em-ploying office may contact the employee’s health care provider for purposes of clari-fying and authenticating the fitness-for-duty certification. Clarification may be requested only for the serious health condition for which FMLA leave was taken. The employ-ing office may not delay the employee’s re-turn to work while contact with the health care provider is being made. No second or third opinions on a fitness-for-duty certifi-cation may be required. 
(c) The cost of the certification shall be 
borne by the employee, and the employee is not entitled to be paid for the time or travel costs spent in acquiring the certification. 
(d) The designation notice required in 
825.300(d) shall advise the employee if the employing office will require a fitness-for- duty certification to return to work and whether that fitness-for-duty certification must address the employee’s ability to per-form the essential functions of the employ-ee’s job. 
(e) An employing office may delay restora-
tion to employment until an employee sub-mits a required fitness-for-duty certification unless the employing office has failed to pro-vide the notice required in paragraph (d) of this section. If an employing office provides the notice required, an employee who does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6737 September 16, 2015 
not provide a fitness-for-duty certification 
or request additional FMLA leave is no longer entitled to reinstatement under the FMLA. See 825.313(d). 
(f) An employing office is not entitled to a 
certification of fitness to return to duty for each absence taken on an intermittent or re-duced leave schedule. However, an employing office is entitled to a certification of fitness to return to duty for such absences up to once every 30 days if reasonable safety con-cerns exist regarding the employee’s ability to perform his or her duties, based on the se-rious health condition for which the em-ployee took such leave. If an employing of-fice chooses to require a fitness-for-duty cer-tification under such circumstances, the em-ploying office shall inform the employee at the same time it issues the designation no-tice that for each subsequent instance of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the employee will be required to submit a fit-ness-for-duty certification unless one has al-ready been submitted within the past 30 days. Alternatively, an employing office can set a different interval for requiring a fit-ness-for-duty certification as long as it does not exceed once every 30 days and as long as the employing office advises the employee of the requirement in advance of the employee taking the intermittent or reduced schedule leave. The employing office may not termi-nate the employment of the employee while awaiting such a certification of fitness to re-turn to duty for an intermittent or reduced schedule leave absence. Reasonable safety 
concerns means a reasonable belief of signifi-
cant risk of harm to the individual employee or others. In determining whether reasonable safety concerns exist, an employing office should consider the nature and severity of the potential harm and the likelihood that potential harm will occur. 
(g) If the terms of a collective bargaining 
agreement govern an employee’s return to work, those provisions shall be applied. 
(h) Requirements under the Americans 
with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended and as made applicable by the CAA, apply. After an employee returns from FMLA leave, the ADA requires any medical examination at an employing office’s expense by the employing office’s health care provider be job-related and consistent with business necessity. For example, an attorney could not be required to submit to a medical examination or in-quiry just because her leg had been ampu-tated. The essential functions of an attor-ney’s job do not require use of both legs; therefore such an inquiry would not be job related. An employing office may require a warehouse laborer, whose back impairment affects the ability to lift, to be examined by an orthopedist, but may not require this em-
ployee to submit to an HIV test where the test is not related to either the essential functions of his or her job or to his/her im-pairment. If an employee’s serious health condition may also be a disability within the meaning of the ADA, as made applicable by the CAA, the FMLA does not prevent the employing office from following the proce-dures for requesting medical information under the ADA. 
825.313 Failure to provide certification. 
(a) Foreseeable leave . In the case of foresee-
able leave, if an employee fails to provide certification in a timely manner as required by 825.305, then an employing office may deny FMLA coverage until the required cer-tification is provided. For example, if an em-ployee has 15 days to provide a certification and does not provide the certification for 45 days without sufficient reason for the delay, the employing office can deny FMLA protec-tions for the 30-day period following the ex-piration of the 15-day time period, if the em-ployee takes leave during such period. (b) Unforeseeable leave . In the case of un-
foreseeable leave, an employing office may deny FMLA coverage for the requested leave if the employee fails to provide a certifi-cation within 15 calendar days from receipt of the request for certification unless not practicable due to extenuating cir-cumstances. For example, in the case of a medical emergency, it may not be prac-ticable for an employee to provide the re-quired certification within 15 calendar days. Absent such extenuating circumstances, if the employee fails to timely return the cer-tification, the employing office can deny FMLA protections for the leave following the expiration of the 15-day time period until a sufficient certification is provided. If the employee never produces the certification, the leave is not FMLA leave. 
(c) Recertification . An employee must pro-
vide recertification within the time re-quested by the employing office (which must allow at least 15 calendar days after the re-quest) or as soon as practicable under the particular facts and circumstances. If an em-ployee fails to provide a recertification with-in a reasonable time under the particular facts and circumstances, then the employing office may deny continuation of the FMLA leave protections until the employee pro-duces a sufficient recertification. If the em-ployee never produces the recertification, the leave is not FMLA leave. Recertification does not apply to leave taken for a quali-fying exigency or to care for a covered serv-icemember. 
(d) Fitness-for-duty certification . When re-
quested by the employing office pursuant to a uniformly applied policy for similarly-situ-ated employees, the employee must provide medical certification, at the time the em-ployee seeks reinstatement at the end of FMLA leave taken for the employee’s serious health condition, that the employee is fit for duty and able to return to work ( see 
825.312(a)) if the employing office has pro-vided the required notice ( see 825.300(e)); the 
employing office may delay restoration until the certification is provided. Unless the em-ployee provides either a fitness-for-duty cer-tification or a new medical certification for a serious health condition at the time FMLA leave is concluded, the employee may be ter-minated. See also 825.213(a)(3). 
SUBPART D—ENFORCEMENT MECHA-
NISMS 
825.400 Enforcement of FMLA rights, as made 
applicable by the CAA. 
(a) To commence a proceeding, a covered 
employee alleging a violation of the rights and protections of the FMLA, made applica-ble by the CAA, must request counseling by the Office of Compliance not later than 180 days after the date of the alleged violation. If a covered employee misses this deadline, the covered employee will be unable to ob-tain a remedy under the CAA. 
(b) The following procedures are available 
under title IV of the CAA for covered em-ployees who believe that their rights under FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, have been violated: 
(1) counseling; (2) mediation; and 
(3) election of either— (A) a formal complaint, filed with the Of-
fice of Compliance, and a hearing before a hearing officer, subject to review by the Board of Directors of the Office of Compli-ance, and judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Cir-cuit; or 
(B) a civil action in a district court of the 
United States. 
(c) Regulations of the Office of Compliance 
describing and governing these procedures are found at www.compliance.gov. 825.401 [Reserved] 
825.402 [Reserved] 825.403 [Reserved] 825.404 [Reserved] SUBPART E—[RESERVED] SUBPART F—SPECIAL RULES APPLICABLE 
TO EMPLOYEES OF SCHOOLS 
825.600 Special rules for school employees, 
definitions. 
(a) Certain special rules apply to employ-
ees of local educational agencies, including public school boards and elementary schools under their jurisdiction, and private elemen-tary and secondary schools. The special rules do not apply to other kinds of educational institutions, such as colleges and univer-sities, trade schools, and preschools. 
(b) Educational institutions are covered by 
FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA (and these special rules). The usual requirements for employees to be eligible do apply. 
(c) The special rules affect the taking of 
intermittent leave or leave on a reduced leave schedule, or leave near the end of an academic term (semester), by instructional employees. Instructional employees are those 
whose principal function is to teach and in-struct students in a class, a small group, or an individual setting. This term includes not only teachers, but also athletic coaches, driving instructors, and special education as-sistants such as signers for the hearing im-paired. It does not include, and the special rules do not apply to, teacher assistants or aides who do not have as their principal job actual teaching or instructing, nor does it include auxiliary personnel such as coun-selors, psychologists, or curriculum special-ists. It also does not include cafeteria work-ers, maintenance workers, or bus drivers. 
(d) Special rules which apply to restoration 
to an equivalent position apply to all em-ployees of local educational agencies. 
825.601 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on intermittent leave. 
(a) Leave taken for a period that ends with 
the school year and begins the next semester is leave taken consecutively rather than intermittently. The period during the sum-mer vacation when the employee would not have been required to report for duty is not counted against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. An instructional employee who is on FMLA leave at the end of the school year must be provided with any benefits over the summer vacation that employees would normally receive if they had been working at the end of the school year. 
(1) If an eligible instructional employee 
needs intermittent leave or leave on a re-duced leave schedule to care for a family member with a serious health condition, to care for a covered servicemember, or for the employee’s own serious health condition, which is foreseeable based on planned med-ical treatment, and the employee would be on leave for more than 20 percent of the total number of working days over the period the leave would extend, the employing office may require the employee to choose either to: 
(i) Take leave for a period or periods of a 
particular duration, not greater than the du-ration of the planned treatment; or 
(ii) Transfer temporarily to an available 
alternative position for which the employee is qualified, which has equivalent pay and benefits and which better accommodates re-curring periods of leave than does the em-ployee’s regular position. 
(2) These rules apply only to a leave in-
volving more than 20 percent of the working days during the period over which the leave extends. For example, if an instructional em-ployee who normally works five days each week needs to take two days of FMLA leave per week over a period of several weeks, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6738 September 16, 2015 
special rules would apply. Employees taking 
leave which constitutes 20 percent or less of the working days during the leave period would not be subject to transfer to an alter-native position. Periods of a particular dura-
tion means a block, or blocks, of time begin-
ning no earlier than the first day for which leave is needed and ending no later than the last day on which leave is needed, and may include one uninterrupted period of leave. 
(b) If an instructional employee does not 
give required notice of foreseeable FMLA leave ( see 825.302) to be taken intermittently 
or on a reduced leave schedule, the employ-ing office may require the employee to take leave of a particular duration, or to transfer temporarily to an alternative position. Al-ternatively, the employing office may re-quire the employee to delay the taking of leave until the notice provision is met. 
825.602 Special rules for school employees, 
limitations on leave near the end of an academic term. 
(a) There are also different rules for in-
structional employees who begin leave more than five weeks before the end of a term, less than five weeks before the end of a term, and less than three weeks before the end of a term. Regular rules apply except in cir-cumstances when: 
(1) An instructional employee begins leave 
more than five weeks before the end of a term. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— 
(i) The leave will last at least three weeks, 
and 
(ii) The employee would return to work 
during the three-week period before the end of the term. 
(2) The employee begins leave during the 
five-week period before the end of a term be-cause of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health 
condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if— 
(i) The leave will last more than two 
weeks, and 
(ii) The employee would return to work 
during the two-week period before the end of the term. 
(3) The employee begins leave during the 
three-week period before the end of a term because of the birth of a son or daughter; the placement of a son or daughter for adoption or foster care; to care for a spouse, son, daughter, or parent with a serious health condition; or to care for a covered service-member. The employing office may require the employee to continue taking leave until the end of the term if the leave will last more than five working days. 
(b) For purposes of these provisions, aca-
demic term means the school semester, which 
typically ends near the end of the calendar year and the end of spring each school year. In no case may a school have more than two academic terms or semesters each year for purposes of FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. An example of leave falling within these provisions would be where an employee plans two weeks of leave to care for a family member which will begin three weeks before the end of the term. In that situation, the employing office could require the employee to stay out on leave until the end of the term. 
825.603 Special rules for school employees, 
duration of FMLA leave. 
(a) If an employee chooses to take leave for 
periods of a particular duration in the case of intermittent or reduced schedule leave, the entire period of leave taken will count as FMLA leave. (b) In the case of an employee who is re-
quired to take leave until the end of an aca-demic term, only the period of leave until the employee is ready and able to return to work shall be charged against the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. The employing of-fice has the option not to require the em-ployee to stay on leave until the end of the school term. Therefore, any additional leave required by the employing office to the end of the school term is not counted as FMLA leave; however, the employing office shall be required to maintain the employee’s group health insurance and restore the employee to the same or equivalent job including other benefits at the conclusion of the leave. 
825.604 Special rules for school employees, 
restoration to an equivalent position. 
The determination of how an employee is 
to be restored to an equivalent position upon return from FMLA leave will be made on the basis of ‘‘established school board policies and practices, private school policies and practices, and collective bargaining agree-ments.’’ The ‘‘established policies’’ and col-lective bargaining agreements used as a basis for restoration must be in writing, must be made known to the employee prior to the taking of FMLA leave, and must clearly explain the employee’s restoration rights upon return from leave. Any estab-lished policy which is used as the basis for restoration of an employee to an equivalent position must provide substantially the same protections as provided in the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, for reinstated employees. See 825.215. In other words, the 
policy or collective bargaining agreement must provide for restoration to an equiva-lent position with equivalent employment benefits, pay, and other terms and conditions of employment. For example, an employee may not be restored to a position requiring 
additional licensure or certification. 
SUBPART G—EFFECT OF OTHER LAWS, 
EMPLOYING OFFICE PRACTICES, AND COLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREE-MENTS ON EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE FMLA, AS MADE APPLICABLE BY THE CAA. 
825.700 Interaction with employing office’s 
policies. 
(a) An employing office must observe any 
employment benefit program or plan that provides greater family or medical leave rights to employees than the rights estab-lished by the FMLA. Conversely, the rights established by the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, may not be diminished by any employment benefit program or plan. For ex-ample, a provision of a collective bargaining agreement (CBA) which provides for rein-statement to a position that is not equiva-lent because of seniority ( e.g., provides lesser 
pay) is superseded by FMLA. If an employing office provides greater unpaid family leave rights than are afforded by FMLA, the em-ploying office is not required to extend addi-tional rights afforded by FMLA, such as maintenance of health benefits (other than through COBRA or 5 U.S.C. 8905a, whichever is applicable), to the additional leave period not covered by FMLA. 
(b) Nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-
ble by the CAA, prevents an employing office from amending existing leave and employee benefit programs, provided they comply with FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA. How-ever, nothing in the FMLA, as made applica-ble by the CAA, is intended to discourage employing offices from adopting or retaining more generous leave policies. 
825.701 [Reserved] 
825.702 Interaction with anti-discrimination 
laws, as applied by section 201 of the CAA. 
(a) Nothing in FMLA modifies or affects 
any applicable law prohibiting discrimina-tion on the basis of race, religion, color, na-
tional origin, sex, age, or disability ( e.g., 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and as made applicable by the CAA). FMLA’s legislative history explains that FMLA is ‘‘not intended to modify or affect the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, the regulations concerning employment which have been promulgated pursuant to that statute, or the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 [as amended] or the regula-tions issued under that act. Thus, the leave provisions of the [FMLA] are wholly distinct from the reasonable accommodation obliga-tions of employers covered under the [ADA] . . . or the Federal government itself. The purpose of the FMLA, as applied by the CAA, is to make leave available to eligible em-ployees and [employing offices] within its coverage, and not to limit already existing rights and protection.’’ S. Rep. No. 3, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 38 (1993). An employing office must therefore provide leave under which-ever statutory provision provides the greater rights to employees. When an employer vio-lates both FMLA and a discrimination law, an employee may be able to recover under ei-ther or both statutes (double relief may not be awarded for the same loss; when remedies coincide a claimant may be allowed to uti-lize whichever avenue of relief is desired. Laffey v. Northwest Airlines, Inc. , 567 F.2d 429, 
445 (D.C. Cir. 1976), cert. denied , 434 U.S. 1086 
(1978). 
(b) If an employee is a qualified individual 
with a disability within the meaning of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the employing office must make reasonable ac-commodations, etc., barring undue hardship, 
in accordance with the ADA. At the same time, the employing office must afford an employee his or her FMLA rights. ADA’s ‘‘disability ’’ and FMLA’s ‘‘ serious health con-
dition ’’ are different concepts, and must be 
analyzed separately. FMLA entitles eligible 
employees to 12 weeks of leave in any 12- month period due to their own serious health condition, whereas the ADA allows an inde-terminate amount of leave, barring undue hardship, as a reasonable accommodation. FMLA requires employing offices to main-tain employees’ group health plan coverage during FMLA leave on the same conditions as coverage would have been provided if the employee had been continuously employed during the leave period, whereas ADA does not require maintenance of health insurance unless other employees receive health insur-ance during leave under the same cir-cumstances. 
(c)(1) A reasonable accommodation under 
the ADA might be accomplished by providing an individual with a disability with a part- time job with no health benefits, assuming the employing office did not ordinarily pro-vide health insurance for part-time employ-ees. However, FMLA would permit an em-ployee to work a reduced leave schedule until the equivalent of 12 workweeks of leave were used, with group health benefits main-tained during this period. FMLA permits an employing office to temporarily transfer an employee who is taking leave intermittently or on a reduced leave schedule to an alter-native position, whereas the ADA allows an accommodation of reassignment to an equiv-alent, vacant position only if the employee cannot perform the essential functions of the employee’s present position and an accom-modation is not possible in the employee’s present position, or an accommodation in the employee’s present position would cause an undue hardship. The examples in the fol-lowing paragraphs of this section dem-onstrate how the two laws would interact with respect to a qualified individual with a disability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6739 September 16, 2015 
(2) A qualified individual with a disability 
who is also an eligible employee entitled to FMLA leave requests 10 weeks of medical leave as a reasonable accommodation, which the employing office grants because it is not an undue hardship. The employing office ad-vises the employee that the 10 weeks of leave is also being designated as FMLA leave and will count towards the employee’s FMLA leave entitlement. This designation does not prevent the parties from also treating the leave as a reasonable accommodation and re-instating the employee into the same job, as required by the ADA, rather than an equiva-lent position under FMLA, if that is the greater right available to the employee. At the same time, the employee would be enti-tled under FMLA to have the employing of-fice maintain group health plan coverage during the leave, as that requirement pro-vides the greater right to the employee. 
(3) If the same employee needed to work 
part-time (a reduced leave schedule) after re-turning to his or her same job, the employee would still be entitled under FMLA to have group health plan coverage maintained for the remainder of the two-week equivalent of FMLA leave entitlement, notwithstanding an employing office policy that part-time employees do not receive health insurance. This employee would be entitled under the ADA to reasonable accommodations to en-able the employee to perform the essential functions of the part-time position. In addi-tion, because the employee is working a part-time schedule as a reasonable accom-modation, the FMLA’s provision for tem-porary assignment to a different alternative position would not apply. Once the employee has exhausted his or her remaining FMLA leave entitlement while working the reduced (part-time) schedule, if the employee is a qualified individual with a disability, and if the employee is unable to return to the same full-time position at that time, the employee might continue to work part-time as a rea-sonable accommodation, barring undue hard-ship; the employee would then be entitled to only those employment benefits ordinarily provided by the employing office to part- time employees. 
(4) At the end of the FMLA leave entitle-
ment, an employing office is required under FMLA to reinstate the employee in the same 
or an equivalent position, with equivalent pay and benefits, to that which the employee held when leave commenced. The employing office’s FMLA obligations would be satisfied if the employing office offered the employee an equivalent full-time position. If the em-ployee were unable to perform the essential functions of that equivalent position even with reasonable accommodation, because of 
a disability, the ADA may require the em-ploying office to make a reasonable accom-modation at that time by allowing the em-ployee to work part-time or by reassigning the employee to a vacant position, barring undue hardship. 
(d)(1) If FMLA entitles an employee to 
leave, an employing office may not, in lieu of FMLA leave entitlement, require an em-ployee to take a job with a reasonable ac-commodation. However, ADA may require that an employing office offer an employee the opportunity to take such a position. An employing office may not change the essen-tial functions of the job in order to deny FMLA leave. See 825.220(b). 
(2) An employee may be on a workers’ com-
pensation absence due to an on-the-job in-jury or illness which also qualifies as a seri-ous health condition under FMLA. The workers’ compensation absence and FMLA leave may run concurrently (subject to prop-er notice and designation by the employing office). At some point the health care pro-vider providing medical care pursuant to the workers’ compensation injury may certify the employee is able to return to work in a light duty position. If the employing office offers such a position, the employee is per-mitted but not required to accept the posi-tion. See 825.220(d). As a result, the employee 
may no longer qualify for payments from the workers’ compensation benefit plan, but the employee is entitled to continue on unpaid FMLA leave either until the employee is able to return to the same or equivalent job the employee left or until the 12-week FMLA 
leave entitlement is exhausted. See 825.207 
(e). If the employee returning from the work-ers’ compensation injury is a qualified indi-vidual with a disability, he or she will have rights under the ADA. 
(e) If an employing office requires certifi-
cations of an employee’s fitness for duty to return to work, as permitted by FMLA under a uniform policy, it must comply with the ADA requirement that a fitness for duty physical be job-related and consistent with business necessity. 
(f) Under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act 
of 1964, as amended by the Pregnancy Dis-crimination Act, and as made applicable by the CAA, an employing office should provide the same benefits for women who are preg-nant as the employing office provides to other employees with short-term disabil-ities. Because Title VII does not require em-ployees to be employed for a certain period of time to be protected, an employee em-ployed for less than 12 months by the em-ploying office (and, therefore, not an ‘‘eligi-ble’’ employee under FMLA, as made appli-
cable by the CAA) may not be denied mater-nity leave if the employing office normally provides short-term disability benefits to employees with the same tenure who are ex-periencing other short-term disabilities. 
(g) Under the Uniformed Services Employ-
ment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 (USERRA), 38 U.S.C. 4301, et seq. , veterans 
are entitled to receive all rights and benefits of employment that they would have ob-tained if they had been continuously em-ployed. Therefore, under USERRA, a return-ing servicemember would be eligible for FMLA leave if the months and hours that he or she would have worked for the civilian employing office during the period of ab-sence due to or necessitated by USERRA- covered service, combined with the months employed and the hours actually worked, meet the FMLA eligibility threshold of 12 months of employment and the hours of service requirement. See 825.110(b)(2)(i) and 
(c)(2) and 825.802(c). 
(h) For further information on Federal 
antidiscrimination laws applied by section 201 of the CAA (2 U.S.C. 1311), including Title VII, the Rehabilitation Act, and the ADA, in-dividuals are encouraged to contact the Of-fice of Compliance. 
E
NDNOTES  
1. In contrast, the committee report ac-
companying the bill containing the ADA Amendments Act of 2008 complied with sec-tion 102(b)(3) of the CAA and contained a pro-vision that indicated an intent to apply the ADA Amendments to the legislative branch. Committee on Education and Labor, H.Rpt. 110–730 §VII (June 23, 2008). 
2. By regulation, the Board can require em-
ploying offices to provide the additional rights and protections for servicemembers and their families added to the FMLA since 1996. This is because, unlike executive branch agencies, the rulemaking power of the Board (after Congressional approval) is ‘‘an exercise of the rulemaking power of the House of Representatives and the Senate’’ under the Constitution. 2 U.S.C. §1431(1). The rulemaking power of Congress under the Constitution, U.S. Const. Art. 1, §5, cl. 2, is a ‘‘broad grant of authority’’ that allows each house of Congress to determine its own internal rules bounded only by ‘‘constitu-tional restraints and fundamental rights.’’ Consumers Union of U.S., Inc. v. Periodical Correspondents’ Ass’n , 515 F.2d 1341, 1343 (D.C. 
Cir. 1975); United States v. Ballin , 144 U.S. 1, 5 
(1892). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6740 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2157 ES090915.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification of Health Care Provider 
for Employee's Serious Health Condition 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable 
by the Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA protections because of a need for leave due to a serious health condition to submit a 
medical certification issued by the employee's health care provider. Please complete Section I before giving this 
form to your employee. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to use this form, you may not ask 
the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued by the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.306-825.308. Employing offices must generally maintain 
records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of employees created 
for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate files/records from the usual personnel files, if the 
Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by 
the CAA. 
Employing office name and contact: ------------------------------
Employee's job title: ______________ Regular work schedule: _________ _ 
Employee's essential job functions:----------------------------
Check if job description is attached: 0 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II before giving this form to your medical 
provider. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that you submit a 
timely, complete, and sufficient medical certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to your own serious 
health condition. If requested by your employing office, your response is required to obtain or retain the benefit of 
FMLA protections. Failure to provide a complete and sufficient medical certification may result in a denial of your 
FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.313.Your employing office must give you at least 15 calendar days to return 
this form. OOC regulations at 825.305(b). 
YourName: ___ ~~-------------~~-------
Firs.t Middle Last 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: Your patient has requested leave under the FMLA, as 
made applicable by the CAA. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable parts. Several questions seek a response 
as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your answer should be your best estimate based upon 
your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"lifetime," "unknown," or ''indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Limit your 
responses to the condition for which the employee is seeking leave. Do not provide information about genetic tests 
140 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6741 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2158 ES090915.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEas defined in 29 C.F.R § 1635.3(f), genetic services. as defined in 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(e), or the manifestation of 
disease or disorder in the employee's family members, 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(b). Please be sure to sign the form on the 
last page. 
Provider's name and business address: ---------------------------------------------------
Type of practice I Medical specialty:--------------------------------
Telephone: ..__ _____ _ Fax: (___) ___ _ 
1. Approximate date condition commenced:--------------------------· 
Probable duration of condition:-----------------------------
Mark below as applicable: 
Was the patient admitted for an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility? 
0 No Yes If so, dates of admission: 
Date(s) you treated the patient for condition: 
Will the patient need to have treatment visits at least twice per year due to the condition? 0 No 0 Yes 
Was medication, other than over-the-counter medication, prescribed? []No 0 Yes 
Was the patient referred to other health care provider(s) for evaluation or treatment (e.g., physical therapist)? 
0 No 0 Yes If so, state the nature of such treatments and expected duration of treatment: 
2. Is the medical condition pregnancy? No 0 Yes If so, expected delivery date:---------
3. Use the information provided by the employing office in Section I to answer this question. If the employing 
office fails to provide a list of the employee's essential functions or a job description, answer these questions 
based upon the employee's own description of his/her job functions. 
Is the employee unable to perform any of his/her job functions due to the condition: 0 No Yes 
If so, identify the job functions the employee is unable to perform: 
4. Describe other relevant medical facts, if any, related to the condition for which the employee seeks leave (such 
medical facts may include symptoms, diagnosis, or any regimen of continuing treatment such as the use of 
specialized equipment): 
141 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6742 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2159 ES090915.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE5. Will the employee be incapacitated for a single continuous period of time due to his/her medical condition, 
including any time for treatment and recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of incapacity: --------------
6. Will the employee need to attend follow-up treatment appointments or work part-time or on a reduced schedule 
because ofthe employee's medical condition? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, are the treatments or the reduced number of hours of work medically necessary? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate treatment schedule, if any, including the dates of any scheduled appointments and the time required for 
each appointment, including any recovery period: 
Estimate the part-time or reduced work schedule the employee needs, if any: 
___ hour(s) per day; ___ days per week from _________ through _________ _ 
7. Will the condition cause episodic flare-ups periodically preventing the employee from performing his/her job 
functions? 0 No 0 Yes 
Is it medically necessary for the employee to be absent from work during the flare-ups? 0 No 0 Yes 
If so, explain: ________ _ 
Based upon the patient's medical history and your knowledge of the medical condition, estimate the frequency of 
flare-ups and the duration of related incapacity that the patient may have over the next 6 months (e.g., 1 episode 
every 3 months lasting 1-2 days): 
Frequency: __ times per __ week(s) month(s) 
Duration: __ hours or __ day(s) per episode 
142 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6743 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2160 ES090915.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEDate 
143 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6744 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2161 ES090915.005SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety. health, and workplace rights m the legislative branch 
Certification of Health Care Provider 
for Family Member's Serious Health 
Condition 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable 
by the Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA protections because of a need for leave to care for a covered family member with a serious 
health condition to submit a medical certification issued by the health care provider of the covered family member. 
Please complete Section I before giving this form to your employee. Your response is voluntary. While you are not 
required to use this form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA 
regulations issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.306-825.308. 
Employing offices must generally maintain records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, 
or medical histories of employees' family members created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in 
separate files/records from the usual personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic 
Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by the CAA. 
Employing office name and contact: ---------------------------
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II before giving this form to your family member 
or his/her medical provider. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that 
you submit a timely, complete, and sufficient medical certification to support a request for FMLA leave to care for a 
covered family member with a serious health condition. If requested by your employing office, your response is 
required to obtain or retain the benefit of FMLA protections. Failure to provide a complete and sufficient medical 
certification may result in a denial of your FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.313. Your employing office must 
give you at least 15 calendar days to return this form to your employing office. OOC regulations at 825.305(b ). 
Your Name:~~---------~~----------~~------------
Name offamily member for whom you will provide care: -:::-:·---------:-:-:-:-::-----------,.~--
Relationship of family member to you:--------·-------------------
If family member is your son or daughter, date of birth:-·---------·--------
Describe care you will provide to your family member and estimate leave needed to provide care: 
144 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6745 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2162 ES090915.006SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEEmployee Signature Date 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee listed above has requested leave under 
the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for your patient. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable 
parts below. Several questions seek a response as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your 
answer should be your best estimate based upon your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the 
patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as "lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to 
determine FMLA coverage. Limit your responses to the condition for which the patient needs leave. Do not provide 
information about genetic tests as defined in 29 C.F.R §!635.3(f), or genetic services, as defined in 29 C.F.R. 
§ 1635.3(e). Page 3 provides space for additional information, should you need it. Please be sure to sign the form on 
the last page. 
Provider's name and business address:----------------------·------
Type of practice I Medical specialty: 
Fax:('-___ ) ____ _ 
I. Approximate date condition commenced:--------------------------
Probable duration of condition:-----------------------------
Was the patient admitted for an overnight stay in a hospital, hospice, or residential medical care facility? 
0 No 0 Yes If so, dates of admission:-----------------------
Date(s) you treated the patient for condition:-----------------------
Was medication, other than over-the-counter medication, prescribed? 0 No 0 Yes 
Will the patient need to have treatment visits at least twice per year due to the condition? IJ No 11 Yes 
Was the patient referred to other health care provider(s) for evaluation or treatment (e.g., physical therapist)? 
DNo DYes If so, state the nature of such treatments and expected duration of treatment: 
2. Is the medical condition pregnancy? D No DYes If so, expected delivery date: ______ _ 
3. Describe other relevant medical facts, if any, related to the condition for which the patient needs care (such 
medical facts may include symptoms, diagnosis, or any regimen of continuing treatment such as the use of 
specialized equipment): 
145 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6746 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2163 ES090915.007SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEWhen answering these questions, keep in mind that your 
patient's need for care by the employee seeking leave may include assistance with basic medical, hygienic, 
nutritional, safety or transportation needs, or the provision of physical or psychological care: 
4. Will the patient be incapacitated for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and 
recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of incapacity: ----------------
During this time, will the patient need care? 0 No 0 Yes 
Explain the care needed by the patient and why such care is medically necessary: -----------
5. Will the patient require follow-up treatments, including any time for recovery? 0 No 0 Yes 
Estimate treatment schedule, if any, including the dates of any scheduled appointments and the time required for 
each appointment, including any recovery period: 
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: ------------
6. Will the patient require care on an intermittent or reduced schedule basis, including any time for recovery? 
ONo DYes 
Estimate the hours the patient needs care on an intem1ittent basis, if any: 
____ hour(s) per day; ___ days per week from _________ through--------
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: -----------
146 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6747 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2164 ES090915.008SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE7. Will the condition cause episodic flare-ups periodically preventing the patient from participating in normal daily 
activities? D No D Yes 
Based upon the patient's medical history and your knowledge of the medical condition, estimate the frequency of 
flare-ups and the duration of related incapacity that the patient may have over the next 6 months (e.g., 1 episode 
every 3 months lasting 1-2 days): 
Frequency: __ times per __ week(s) __ month(s) 
Duration: __ hours or __ day{s) per episode 
Does the patient need care during these flare-ups? D No D Yes 
Explain the care needed by the patient, and why such care is medically necessary: -----------
--------------·---·--------------------------
147 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6748 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2165 ES090915.009SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATESignature of Health Care Provider Date: 
148 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6749 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2166 ES090915.010SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Notice of Eligibility Rights and 
Responsibilities 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable 
by the Congressional Accountability 
Act) 
In general, to be eligible a covered employee must have worked for an employing office for at least 12 months and 
have worked at least 1,250 hours in the 12 months preceding the leave. While use of this form by employing offices 
is optional, a fully completed form provides employees with the information required by the FMLA regulations 
issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.300(b), which must be provided 
within five business days of the employee notifying the employing office of the need for FMLA leave. Part B 
provides employees with information regarding their rights and responsibilities for taking FMLA leave, as required 
by the Board's FMLA regulations at 825.300(b), (c). 
[Part A NOTICE OF ELIGIBILITYJ 
TO: 
Employee 
FROM: ~~===-~------------------Emplo) ing Office Representative 
DATE: 
On _________ , you informed us that you needed leave beginning on _________ for: 
0 The birth of a child, or placement of a child with you for adoption or foster care; 
0 Your own serious health condition; 
0 Because you are needed to care for your 0 spouse; 0 child; 0 parent due to his/her serious health condition. 
Because of a qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that your 0 spouse; 0 son or daughter; [J parent is on 
covered active duty or call to covered active duty status with the Armed Forces. 
0 Because you are the [J spouse; 0 son or daughter; 0 parent; 0 next of kin of a covered servicemember with a 
serious injury or illness. 
This Notice is to inform you that you: 
Are eligible for FMLA leave (See Part B below for Rights and Responsibilities) 
0 Are not eligible for FMLA leave, because (only one reason need be checked, although you may not be eligible 
for other reasons): 
0 You have not met the FMLA's 12-month length of service requirement. As ofthe first date of requested 
leave, you will have worked approximately __ months towards this requirement. 
0 You have not met the FMLA 's I ,250-hours-worked requirement. 
If you have any questions, contact: or view the -----------------------------
FMLA poster located in 
149 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6750 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2167 ES090915.011SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE!PART B-RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES FOR TAKING FMLA LEAVE! 
As explained in Part A, you meet the eligibility requirements for taking FMLA leave and still have FMLA leave 
available in the applicable 12-month period. However, in order for us to determine whether your absence 
qualifies as FMLA leave, you must return the following information to us by_----:-----:------:~:--~:--­
(If a certification is requested, employing offices must allow at least 15 calendar days from receipt of this notice; 
additional time may be required in some circumstances.) If sufficient information is not provided in a timely 
manner, your leave may be denied. 
0 Sufficient certification to support your request for FMLA leave. A certification form that sets forth the 
information necessary to support your request is/_ is not enclosed. 
0 Sufficient documentation to establish the required relationship between you and your family member. 
0 Other information needed (such as documentation for military family leave):------------
C No additional information requested 
If your leave does qualify as FMLA leave, you will have the following responsibilities while on FMLA leave 
(only checked blanks apply): 
0 Contact at to make arrangements to 
continue to make your share of the premium payments on your health insurance to maintain health benefits 
while you are on leave. You have a minimum 30-day (or, indicate longer period, if applicable) grace period in 
which to make premium payments. If payment is not made timely, your group health insurance may be 
cancelled, provided we notifY you in writing at least 15 days before the date that your health coverage will 
lapse, or, at our option, we may pay your share of the premiums during FMLA leave, and recover these 
payments from you upon your return to work. 
0 You will be required to use your available paid sick, vacation, and/or _other leave during your 
FMLA absence. This means that you will receive your paid leave and the leave will also be considered 
protected FMLA leave and counted against your FMLA leave entitlement. 
o Due to your status within the company, you are considered a "key employee" as defined in the FMLA. As a 
"key employee," restoration to employment may be denied following FMLA leave on the grounds that such 
restoration will cause substantial and grievous economic injury to us. We _have/_ have not determined 
that restoring you to employment at the conclusion of FMLA leave will cause substantial and grievous 
economic harm to us. 
D While on leave you will be required to furnish us with periodic reports of your status and intent to return to work 
every . (Indicate interval of periodic reports, as appropriate for the particular 
leave situation). 
If the circumstances of your leave change, and you are able to return to work earlier than the date indicated 
on this form, you will be required to notify us at least two workdays prior to the date you intend to report for 
work. 
If your leave does qualify as FMLA leave you will have the following rights while on FMLA leave: 
• You have a right under the FMLA for up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave in a 12-month period calculated as: 
150 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6751 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2168 ES090915.012SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE0 the calendar year (January- December). 
0 a fixed leave year based on. _______________________ _ 
l] the 12-month period measured forward from the date of your first FMLA leave usage. 
0 a "rolling" 12-month period measured backward from the date of any FMLA leave usage. 
• You have a right under the FMLA for up to 
26 weeks of unpaid leave in a single 12-month period to care 
for a covered servicemember with a serious injury or illness. This single 12-month period commenced on 
• Your health benefits must be maintained during any period of unpaid leave under the same conditions as if 
you continued to work. 
• You must be reinstated to the same or an equivalent job with the same pay, benefits, and terms and 
conditions of employment on your return from FMLA-protected leave. (If your leave extends beyond the 
end of your FMLA entitlement, you do not have return rights under FMLA.) 
• If you do not return to work following FMLA leave for a reason other than: l) the continuation, recurrence, 
or onset of a serious health condition which would entitle you to FMLA leave; 2) the continuation, 
recurrence, or onset of a covered servicemember's serious injury or illness which would entitle you to 
FMLA leave; or 3) other circumstances beyond your control, you may be required to reimburse us for our 
share of health insurance premiums paid on your behalf during your FMLA leave. 
• If we have not informed you above that you must use accrued paid leave while taking your unpaid FMLA 
leave entitlement, you have the right to have sick, __ vacation, and/or other leave run 
concurrently with your unpaid leave entitlement, provided you meet any applicable requirements of the 
leave policy. Applicable conditions related to the substitution of paid leave are referenced or set forth 
below. If you do not meet the requirements for taking paid leave, you remain entitled to take unpaid FMLA 
leave. 
0 For a copy of conditions applicable to sick/vacation/other leave usage please refer to 
__________ available at: ------------------
0 Applicable conditions for use of paid leave:------------------------
Once we obtain the information from you as specified above, we will inform you, within 5 business days, 
whether your leave will be designated as FMLA leave and count towards your FMLA leave entitlement. If 
you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact: at 
151 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6752 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2169 ES090915.013SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights m the legislative branch 
Designation Notice 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
Leave covered under the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made applicable by the Congressional 
Accountability Act (CAA), must be designated as FMLA-protected and the employing office must inform the 
employee of the amount of leave that will be counted against the employee's FMLA leave entitlement. In 
order to determine whether leave is covered under the FMLA, the employing office may request that the 
leave be supported by a certification. If the certification is incomplete or insufficient, the employing office 
must state in writing what additional information is necessary to make the certification complete and 
sufficient. While use of this form by employing offices is optional, a fully completed form provides an easy 
method of providing employees with the written information required by the regulations issued by the Office 
of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.300(d), 825.301, and 825.305(c). 
To: ______________________________________ _ 
Date: 
We have reviewed your request for leave under the FMLA and any supporting documentation that you have 
provided. We received your most recent infonnation on and decided: 
__ Your FMLA leave request is approved. All leave taken for this reason will be designated as FMLA leave. 
The FMLA requires that you notify us as soon as practicable if dates of scheduled leave change or are 
extended, or were initially unknown. Based on the information you have provided to date, we are providing 
the following information about the amount of time that will be counted against your leave entitlement: 
Provided there is no deviation from your anticipated leave schedule, the following number of hours, days, or 
weeks will be counted against your leave entitlement: ----------------------------
Because the leave you will need will be unscheduled, it is not possible to provide the hours, days, or weeks 
that will be counted against your FMLA entitlement at this time. You have the right to request this 
infonnation once in a 30-day period (if leave was taken in the 30-day period). 
Please be advised (check if applicable): 
__ You have requested to use paid leave during your FMLA leave. Any paid leave taken for this reason will 
count against your FMLA leave entitlement. 
__ We are requiring you to substitute or use paid leave during your FMLA leave. 
You will be required to present a fitness-for-duty certificate to be restored to employment. If such certification 
is not timely received, your return to work may be delayed until certification is provided. A list of the 
essential functions of your position_ is __ is not attached. If attached, the fitness-for-duty certification must 
address your ability to perfonn these functions. 
Additional information is needed to determine if your FMLA leave request can be approved: 
The certification you have provided is not complete and sufficient to detennine whether the FMLA applies to 
your leave request. You must provide the following infonnation no later than __ _ 
(Provide at least seven calendar days) 
unless it is not practicable under the particular circumstances despite your diligent good faith efforts, or your 
leave may be denied. 
(Specify information needed to make certification complete and sufficient) 
152 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6753 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2170 ES090915.014SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE__ We are exercising our right to have you obtain a second or third opinion medical certification at our expense, 
and we will provide further details at a later time. 
Your FMLA Leave request is Not Approved. 
The FMLA does not apply to your leave request. 
You have exhausted your FMLA leave entitlement in the applicable 12-month period. 
153 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6754 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2171 ES090915.015SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEOffice of Compliance 
advancing saftty, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification of Qualifying Exigency for 
Military Family Leave 
(Family and Medical Leave Act. as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency to submit a certification. Please complete Section I 
before giving this form to your employee. Your response is voluntary, and while you are not required to use this 
form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued 
by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.309. 
Employing office name:---------------
Contact Information:-------------------------·----
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE: Please complete Section II fully and completely. The FMLA, as made 
applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that you submit a timely, complete, and sufficient 
certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency. Several questions in this section seek 
a response as to the frequency or duration of the qualifYing exigency. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Your response is required to 
obtain a benefit. OOC regulations at 825.310. While you are not required to provide this information, failure to do so 
may result in a denial of your request for FMLA leave. Your employing office must give you at least 15 calendar 
days to return this form to your employing office. 
YourName: ___ ~~-----------~~~----------~~----------First Middle Last 
Name of military member on covered active duty or call to covered active duty status: 
First Middle Last 
Relationship of military member to you:----------------------------
Period of military member's covered active duty:---------------------------
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency includes 
written documentation confirming a military member's covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
Please check one of the following and attach the indicated document to support that the military member is on 
covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
A copy of the military member's covered active duty orders is attached. 
Other documentation from the military certifYing that the military member is on covered active duty (or has 
been notified of an impending call to covered active duty) is attached. 
I have previously provided my employing office with sufficient written documentation confirming the military 
member's covered active duty or call to covered active duty status. 
154 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6755 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2172 ES090915.016SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE1. Describe the reason you are requesting FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency (including the specific 
reason you are requesting leave): 
2. A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a qualifYing exigency 
includes any available written documentation which supports the need for leave; such documentation may 
include a copy of a meeting announcement for informational briefings sponsored by the military, a 
document confirming the military member's Rest and Recuperation leave; a document confirming an 
appointment with a third party, such as a counselor or school official, or staff at a care facility; or a copy of 
a bill for services for the handling of legal or financial affairs. Available written documentation supporting 
this request for leave is attached. 
Yes 0 No 0 None Available 0 
1. Approximate date exigency commenced:-----------------------
Probable duration of exigency:----------------------------
2. Will you need to be absent from work for a single continuous period of time due to the qualifYing 
exigency? 0 Yes 0 No 
If so, estimate the beginning and ending dates for the period of absence: 
3. Will you need to be absent from work periodically to address this qualifYing exigency? 0 Yes [J No 
Estimate schedule of leave, including the dates of any scheduled meetings or appointments: 
Estimate the frequency and duration of each appointment, meeting, or leave event, including any travel 
time (i.e., 1 deployment-related meeting every month lasting 4 hours): 
Frequency: times per week(s) month(s) 
Duration: __ hours __ day(s) per event. 
If leave is requested to meet with a third party (such as to arrange for childcare, to attend counseling, to attend 
meetings with school, childcare or parental care providers, to make financial or legal arrangements, to act as the 
military member's representative before a federal, state, or local agency for purposes of obtaining, arranging or 
appealing military service benefits, or to attend any event sponsored by the military or military service 
organizations), a complete and sufficient certification includes the name, address, and appropriate contact 
155 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6756 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2173 ES090915.017SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEinfonnation of the individual or entity with whom you are meeting (i.e., either the telephone or fax number or email 
address of the individual or entity). This infonnation may be used by your employing office to verif'y that the 
infonnation contained on this fonn is accurate. 
Name oflndividual: ______________ Title:----------------
Organization:--------------·--------------------------
Address: __________________________________________ _ 
Telephone:(. ___ ) ___________ _ Fax:~ ___ ) ______________ ___ 
Email: __________________________________________ _ 
Describe nature of meeting:--------------------------------------
I certify that the infonnation I provided above is true and correct. 
Signature of Employee Date: 
156 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6757 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2174 ES090915.018SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safety, health, and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a 
Current Servicemember-
for Military Family Leave 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYING OFFICE: The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made 
applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), provides that an employing office may require an 
employee seeking FMLA leave due to a serious injury or illness of a current servicemember to submit a certification 
providing sufficient facts to support the request for leave. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to 
use this form, you may not ask the employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations 
issued by the Office of Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.310. Employing offices must 
generally maintain records and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of 
employees or employees' family members created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate 
files/records from the usual personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information 
Nondiscrimination Act apply, as made applicable by the CAA. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE or CURRENT SERVICEMEMBER: Please complete Section I before 
having Section II completed. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require 
that an employee submit a timely, complete, and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to 
a serious injury or illness of a servicemember. If requested by the employing office, your response is required to 
obtain or retain the benefit ofFMLA-protected leave. Failure to do so may result in a denial of an employee's 
FMLA request. Board's regulations at 825.31 O(t). The employing office must give an employee at least 15 calendar 
days to return this form to the employing office. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee listed on Page 2 has requested leave 
under the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for a family member who is a current member of the 
Regular Armed Forces, the National Guard, or the Reserves who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or 
therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list for a serious injury or 
illness. For purposes of FMLA leave, a serious injury or illness is one that was incurred in the line of duty on active 
duty in the Armed Forces or that existed before the beginning of the member's active duty and was aggravated by 
service in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces that may render the servicemember medically unfit to 
perform the duties of his or her office, grade, rank, or rating. 
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA leave due to a covered servicemember's 
serious injury or illness includes written documentation confirming that the servicemember's injury or illness was 
incurred in the line of duty on active duty or if not, that the current servicemember' s injury or illness existed before 
the beginning of the servicemember's active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in 
the Armed Forces, and that the current servicemember is undergoing treatment for such injury or illness by a health 
care provider listed above. Answer, fully and completely, all applicable parts. Several questions seek a response as 
157 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6758 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2175 ES090915.019SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEto the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. Your answer should be your best estimate based upon 
your medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as 
"lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to determine FMLA coverage. Limit your 
responses to the servicemember's condition for which the employee is seeking leave. Do not provide information 
about genetic tests, as defined in 29 C.F.R. §l635.3(f), or genetic services, as defined in 29 C.F.R. §1635.3(e). 
(This section must be completed first before any of the below sections can be completed by a health care provider.) 
Name and Address of Employing Office (this is the employing office ofthe employee requesting leave to care for 
the current servicemember): 
Name of Employee Requesting Leave to Care for Current Servicemember: 
Name of the Current Servicemember (for whom employee is requesting leave to care): 
Relationship of Employee to the Current Servicemember: 
0 Spouse 0 Parent 0 Son 0 Daughter ONextofKin 
(I) Is the Servicemember a Current Member of the Regular Armed Forces, the National Guard or Reserves? 
DYes DNo 
If yes, please provide the servicemember's military branch, rank and unit currently assigned to: 
-----------------
Is the servicemember assigned to a military medical treatment facility as an outpatient or to a unit 
established for the purpose of providing command and control of members of the Armed Forces receiving 
medical care as outpatients (such as a medical hold or warrior transition unit)? 
DYes ONo 
If yes, please provide the name of the medical treatment facility or unit: 
(2) Is the Servicemember on the Temporary Disability Retired List (TDRL)? 
DYes DNo 
158 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6759 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2176 ES090915.020SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEDescribe the Care to Be Provided to the Current Servicemember and an Estimate of the Leave Needed to Provide the 
Care: 
If you are unable to make certain of the military-related determinations contained below in Part B, you are 
permitted to rely upon determinations from an authorized DOD representative (such as a DOD recovery care 
coordinator). 
(Please ensure that Section I above has been completed before completing this section. Please be sure to sign the 
form on the last page.) 
Health Care Provider's Name and Business Address: 
Type of Practice/Medical Specialty: 
Please state whether you are either: (1) a DOD health care provider; (2) a VA health care provider; (3) a DOD 
TRICARE network authorized private health care provider; (4) a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private 
health care provider; or (5) a health care provider as defined in the OOC regulations at 825.125: 
Telephone: ('-----' Fax:('---- ____ _ 
Email: ____________ ~---------------------------------------------------------
(I) The current Servicemember's medical condition is classified as (Check One ofthe Appropriate Boxes): 
0 (VSI) Very Seriously Ill/Injured- Illness/Injury is of such a severity that life is imminently 
endangered. Family members are requested at bedside immediately. (Please note this is an internal DOD 
casualty assistance designation used by DOD healthcare providers.) 
0 (SI) Seriously Ill/Injured- Illness/injmy is of such severity that there is cause for immediate concern, 
but there is no imminent danger to life. Family members are requested at bedside. (Please note this is an 
internal DOD casualty assistance designation used by DOD healthcare providers.) 
0 OTHER Ill/Injured- a serious injury or illness that may render the servicemember medically unfit to 
perform the duties of the member's office, grade, rank, or rating. 
0 NONE OF THE ABOVE (Note to Employee: If this box is checked, you may still be eligible to take 
leave to care for a covered family member with a "serious health condition" under 825.113 of the FMLA, 
159 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6760 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2177 ES090915.021SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEas made applicable by the CAA. If such leave is requested, you may be required to complete the OOC's 
optional certification form (Form B) or an employing office-provided form seeking the same information.) 
(2) Is the current Servicemember being treated for a condition which was incurred or gravitated by service in 
the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces? D Yes [J No 
(3) Approximate date condition commenced: ___ _ 
(4) Probable duration of condition and/or need for care:--------------------
(5) Is the servicemember undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for this condition? 
DYes DNo 
If yes, please describe medical treatment, recuperation or therapy: 
(1) Will the servicemember need care for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment 
and recovery? Yes D No 
If yes, estimate the beginning and ending dates for this period of time: 
(2) Will the servicemember require periodic follow-up treatment appointments? DYes D No 
If yes, estimate the treatment schedule: 
(3) Is there a medical necessity for the servicemember to have periodic care for these follow-up treatment 
appointments? DYes D No. 
(4) Is there a medical necessity for the servicemember to have periodic care for other than scheduled follow-up 
treatment appointments (e.g., episodic flare-ups of medical condition)? DYes D No. 
If yes, please estimate the frequency and duration of the periodic care: 
Signature of Health Care Provider:--------------- Date: _________ _ 
160 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6761 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2178 ES090915.022SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEOffice of Compliance 
advancing safoty, health. and workplace rights in the legislative branch 
Certification for Serious Injury or Illness of a 
Veteran for Military Caregiver Leave 
(Family and Medical Leave Act, as made applicable by the 
Congressional Accountability Act) 
The Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), as made applicable by the Congressional Accountability Act (CAA), 
provides that an employing office may require an employee seeking military caregiver leave under the FMLA leave 
due to a serious injury or illness of a covered veteran to submit a certification providing sufficient facts to support 
the request for leave. Your response is voluntary. While you are not required to use this form, you may not ask the 
employee to provide more information than allowed under the FMLA regulations issued by the Office of 
Compliance (OOC) Board of Directors (the Board) at 825.310. Employing offices must generally maintain records 
and documents relating to medical certifications, recertifications, or medical histories of employees or employees' 
family members, created for FMLA purposes as confidential medical records in separate files/records from the usual 
personnel files, if the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act apply, 
as made applicable by the CAA. 
INSTRUCTIONS to the EMPLOYEE and/or VETERAN: Please complete Section I before having Section II 
completed. The FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, permits an employing office to require that an employee 
submit a timely, complete, and sufficient certification to support a request for military caregiver leave under the 
FMLA leave due to a serious injury or illness of a covered veteran. If requested by the employing office, your 
response is required to obtain or retain the benefit of FMLA-protected leave. Failure to do so may result in a denial 
of an employee's FMLA request. OOC regulations at 825.31 O(g). The employing office must give an employee at 
least 15 calendar days to return this form to the employing office. 
(This section must be completed before Section II can be completed by a health care provider.) 
Name and address of employing office (this is the employing office of the employee requesting leave to care for a 
veteran): 
Name of employee requesting leave to care for a veteran: 
Name of veteran (for whom employee is requesting leave): 
Last 
Relationship of employee to veteran: 
0 Spouse 0 Parent 0 Son 0 Daughter 0 Next of Kin 0 ________ (please specif'y relationship): 
161 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6762 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2179 ES090915.023SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE( 1) Date of the veteran's discharge: 
(2) Was the veteran dishonorably discharged or released from the Armed Forces (including the National 
Guard or Reserves)? 0 Yes 0 No 
(3) Please provide the veteran's military branch, rank and unit at the time of discharge: 
( 4) Is the veteran receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for an injury or illness? 
0 Yes ONo 
Describe the care to be provided to the veteran and an estimate of the leave needed to provide the care: 
INSTRUCTIONS to the HEALTH CARE PROVIDER: The employee named in Section I has requested leave under 
the military caregiver leave provision of the FMLA, as made applicable by the CAA, to care for a family member 
who is a veteran. For purposes of FMLA military caregiver leave, a serious injury or illness means an injury or 
illness incurred by the servicemember in the line of duty on active duty in the Armed Forces (or that existed before 
the beginning of the servicemember's active duty and was aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty in 
the Armed Forces) and manifested itself before or after the servicemember became a veteran, and is: 
(i) a continuation of a serious injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran was 
a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember unable to perform the duties of the 
scrvicemcmber's office, grade, rank, or rating; or 
(ii) a physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of Veterans 
Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (V ASRD) of 50 percent or greater, and such V ASRD rating is 
based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave; or 
(iii) a physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran's ability to secure or follow 
a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military service, or 
would do so absent treatment; or 
(iv) an injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran has been enrolled in 
the Department of Veterans' Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
A complete and sufficient certification to support a request for FMLA military caregiver leave due to a covered 
veteran's serious injury or illness includes written documentation confirming that the veteran's injury or illness was 
incurred in the line of duty on active duty or existed before the beginning of the veteran's active duty and was 
aggravated by service in the line of duty on active duty, and that the veteran is undergoing treatment, recuperation, 
or therapy for such injury or illness by a health care provider listed above. Answer 
fully and completely all 
applicable parts. Several questions seek a response as to the frequency or duration of a condition, treatment, etc. 
Your answer should be your best estimate based upon your 
medical knowledge, experience, and examination of the 
patient. Be as specific as you can; terms such as "lifetime," "unknown," or "indeterminate" may not be sufficient to 
determine FMLA military caregiver leave coverage. Limit your responses to the veteran's condition for which the 
162 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6763 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2180 ES090915.024SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATEemployee is seeking leave. Do not provide information about genetic tests, as defined in 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(f), or 
genetic services, as defined in 29 C.F.R. § 1635.3(e). 
(Please ensure that Section I has been completed before completing this section. Please be sure to sign the form on 
the last page and return this form to the employee requesting leave (See Section I, Part A above). DO NOT SEND 
THE COMPLETED FORM TO THE OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE.) 
Health care provider's name and business address:-----------------------
Telephone: ('--~ ___ _ __________ Fax:{~--- _____ __ 
Email: ______________________________________ _ 
Type of Practice/Medical Specialty: ______________________________ _ 
Please indicate if you are: 
0 a DOD health care provider 
0 a VA health care provider 
0 a DOD TRICARE network authorized private health care provider 
0 a DOD non-network TRICARE authorized private health care provider 
0 other health care provider 
Note: If you are unable to make certain of the military-related determinations contained in Part B, you are permitted 
to rely upon determinations from an authorized DOD representative (such as, DOD Recovery Care Coordinator) or 
an authorized VA representative. 
(1) The Veteran's medical condition is: 
A continuation of a serious injury or illness that was incurred or aggravated when the covered veteran 
was a member of the Armed Forces and rendered the servicemember unable to perform the duties of 
the servicemember's office, grade, rank, or rating. 
D A physical or mental condition for which the covered veteran has received a U.S. Department of 
Veterans Affairs Service Related Disability Rating (V ASRD) of 50% or higher, and such V ASRD 
rating is based, in whole or in part, on the condition precipitating the need for military caregiver leave. 
D A physical or mental condition that substantially impairs the covered veteran's ability to secure or 
follow a substantially gainful occupation by reason of a disability or disabilities related to military 
service, or would do so absent treatment. 
0 An injury, including a psychological injury, on the basis of which the covered veteran is enrolled in the 
Department of Veterans' Affairs Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers. 
0 None of the above. 
(2) Is the veteran being treated for a condition which was incurred or aggravated by service in the line of duty 
on active duty in the Armed Forces? DYes D No 
163 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6764 September 16, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.048 S16SEPT1
Insert graphic folio 2181/2199 ES090915.025SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE(3) Approximate date condition commenced: 
(4) Probable duration of condition and/or need for care:------------------
(5) Is the veteran undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy for this condition? 0 Yes 0 No 
If yes, please describe medical treatment, recuperation or therapy:----------------
"Need for care" encompasses both physical and psychological care. It includes situations where, for example, due to 
his or her serious injury or illness, the veteran is unable to care for his or her own basic medical, hygienic, or 
nutritional needs or safety, or is unable to transport him or herself to the doctor. It also includes providing 
psychological comfort and reassurance which would be beneficial to the veteran who is receiving inpatient or home 
care. 
(I) Will the veteran need care for a single continuous period of time, including any time for treatment and 
recovery? l Yes 1 No 
If yes, estimate the beginning and ending dates for this period of time:-------------
(2) Will the veteran require periodic follow-up treatment appointments? 1"1 Yes No 
If yes, estimate the treatment schedule: __ 
(3) Is there a medical necessity for the veteran to have periodic care for these follow-up treatment 
appointments? ' i Yes No 
(4) Is there a medical necessity for the veteran to have periodic care for other than scheduled follow-up 
treatment appointments (e.g., episodic flare-ups of medical condition)? l; Yes No 
If yes, please estimate the frequency and duration of the periodic care:--------------
Signature of Health Care Provider:--------------- Date:----------
164 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6765 September 16, 2015 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE 2ND ANNUAL FALLEN FIREFIGHTERS CONGRESSIONAL FLAG PRESEN-TATION CEREMONY 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE 
CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR AN EVENT TO COMMEMORATE THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MIL-LION MAN MARCH 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the en bloc consider-ation of the following House concur-rent resolutions, which are at the desk: H. Con. Res. 70, H. Con. Res. 73, and H. Con. Res. 74. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolutions en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolutions be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolutions were 
agreed to. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 17, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, Sep-tember 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of H.J. Res. 61, with the time until 11 a.m. equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, that the filing dead-line for all second-degree amendments be at 10:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned, following the remarks of Senator D
AINES . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Montana. 
f 
CYBER SECURITY 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this gen-
eration is at the forefront of techno-logical advances. In fact, it is making the United States and this generation 
that lives here one of the best networked in history, in fact, not only here but around the world. 
The need for new and better tech-
nology to accommodate such a genera-tion has also left a gaping hole in the security of our country. In recent years, cyber security attacks and breaches have multiplied and left American citizens incredibly vulner-able. Make no mistake, the cyber secu-rity of the United States is in great danger. But, unfortunately, proper pre-cautions and reforms needed to set a better course have yet to be taken. 
Just look at last week’s headlines. 
USA Today recently reported hackers have attempted to compromise the De-partment of Energy over 1,100 times be-tween 2010 and 2014, and these attackers have been successful over 150 times. 
In a 2013 breach these attackers 
gained access to the information of over 104,000 Energy Department em-ployees. After these attacks, the audi-tors noted ‘‘unclear lines of responsi-bility’’ and ‘‘lack of awareness by re-sponsible officials.’’ Yet nothing was done to mitigate the potential for fu-ture attacks. 
Our government needs to stop being 
content with simply being reactive to serious cyber threats. There are no de-terrents or consequences to these for-eign attackers. Not one person at the Department of Energy has faced con-sequences. The CIO of the Office of Per-sonnel Management, or OPM, remains in charge after one of the largest hacks on Federal employees. 
In an age ruled by technology, it is 
our responsibility to make sure we take the necessary steps to protect the information of the American people. 
This past Monday I held the first bi-
annual Montana High Tech Jobs Sum-mit in my hometown of Bozeman at my alma mater, Montana State Univer-sity. We had over 600 Montanans at-tend. 
We need to be more disruptive of the 
status quo in the technology sector, rather than passively sitting by as other nations innovate and leave us be-hind. We need to encourage STEM edu-cation in our classrooms and bring more people into the science and tech-nology sector. 
In my home State of Montana, high- 
tech jobs are growing 10 times faster than the statewide job growth rate. Last year alone, 40 percent of the wage growth in our entire State took place in Gallatin County, the county where Bozeman is located, and it has become a hub of technology. Yet too often Montana kids have to leave to find work. We need more high-paying tech-nology jobs in Montana. 
During my time at the cloud com-
puting company RightNow Tech-nologies, which was founded, started up, and grew to a company that was ac-quired by Oracle for $1.8 billion, over the 12 years I was there, I saw firsthand how Montana is becoming a leading hub for innovation and high-tech job 
growth. Montana has a qualified work-force and an unparalleled quality of life that makes our State a wise invest-ment for tech companies. In fact, where the campus of our software com-pany is located in Bozeman we are just minutes away from the Gallatin River. The Gallatin River is where the movie ‘‘A River Runs Through It’’ was filmed, where Brad Pitt made his debut, and directed by Robert Redford. 
This tech summit showcased the 
great work done in our State, a State where we can combine the quality of life of fishing, hunting, backpacking, mountain climbing, spending time with family outdoors with technology and create a world-class high-tech com-pany, because millennials want to have that quality of life, but they also want to have a world-class career in building global companies. 
This tech summit allowed our Na-
tion’s tech leaders to share their views and experiences and encouraged our fu-ture tech leaders to lead. It provided a unique opportunity for our State’s tech and business leaders to learn from one another. We had a great slate of speak-ers and panelists from across the tech-nology industry: Laef Olson, the senior VP for cloud operations at Oracle; Dr. Dava Newman, a Montana native and the new Deputy Administrator at NASA. We had two of the five FCC Commissioners, Ajit Pai and Michael O’Rielly. We had Doug Burgum, the former CEO and chairman of Great Plains Software. Great Plains Software was started up in North Dakota. He grew that company. It was acquired by Microsoft in 2001 for $1.1 billion, the largest acquisition at that time for Microsoft. Now Doug is cofounder and partner of Arthur Ventures and chair-man of the Kilbourne Group. We had Craig Barrett. Dr. Craig Barrett re-ceived his undergrad, master’s, and Ph.D. at Stanford and was a professor at Stanford for 10 years in metallur-gical engineering and then went to this small company in 1974 called Intel. There, he rose all the way to CEO, and in fact, worked with Gordon Moore, who became CEO of Intel and who is fa-mous for Moore’s law. 
Mike Goguen, the managing director 
of Sequoia Capital, a company that was an early initial investor in companies such as Google, YouTube, Apple, PayPal. We had Will Lansing, a former board member of RightNow Tech-nologies who is now the CEO of FICO. We had Matt Rose, the BNSF Railway executive chairman. 
We had panelists as well who ex-
plored issues of critical importance to our technology sector, cyber security infrastructure, and our economy. All convened in Bozeman on Monday. One doesn’t think of the Gallatin Valley as being a hub of technology—maybe the Silicon Valley—but as the world is changing, as technology removes geog-raphy as a constraint, you have a qual-ity of life that is exceptional, where 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.060 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6766 September 16, 2015 
you are an hour away from Yellow-
stone National Park and can grow world-class tech companies there. 
We heard from cyber security profes-
sionals from Microsoft and Facebook that we need not only to run faster, technically speaking, but work to-gether between the private and public sectors to fend off potential hackers. 
We heard how technology is remov-
ing geography as a constraint. We heard how companies are adopting in-novative cyber security practices to keep information safe while maintain-ing global competitiveness. We learned about the importance of maintaining and advancing our technology infra-structure and the factors that affect start-up companies willing to grow, at-tract investments, and create jobs. 
We have great technology leaders 
moving our country forward and work-ing to protect our country, but we need to run faster than those seeking to de-stroy us. We need to ensure that we don’t have burdensome regulations fac-ing our entrepreneurs and our compa-nies. We need to continue to encourage policies that drive innovation. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow morning. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:45 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, September 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION  
JOHN W. LESLIE, JR., OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE AFRICAN DE-VELOPMENT FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEP-TEMBER 22, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
HARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION  
EDUARDO CASTELL, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE HARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DE-CEMBER 10, 2019, VICE JAVAID ANWAR, TERM EXPIRED. 
STEVEN H. COHEN, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE HARRY S TRUMAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DE-CEMBER 10, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
VICKI MILES-LAGRANGE, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE HARRY S TRU-MAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 10, 2015, VICE ROGER L. HUNT, TERM EXPIRED. 
VICKI MILES-LAGRANGE, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE HARRY S TRU-MAN SCHOLARSHIP FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 10, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DEBORAH R. MALAC, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER- COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF UGANDA. 
EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND  
DEVELOPMENT  
CATHERINE ANN NOVELLI, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ALTERNATE GOVERNOR OF THE EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT, VICE ROBERT D. HORMATS, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
LISA J. PETERSON, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF SWAZILAND. H. DEAN PITTMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MO-ZAMBIQUE. 
ERIC SETH RUBIN, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF BULGARIA. 
KYLE R. SCOTT, OF ARIZONA, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER- COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SERBIA. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ROBERT MCKINNON CALIFF, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO 
BE COMMISSIONER OF FOOD AND DRUGS, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE MARGARET A. HAMBURG, RESIGNED. 
NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
LINDA A. PUCHALA, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD FOR A TERM EX-PIRING JULY 1, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DAVID S. ABRAHAMS LAWRENCE N. AIELLO SARAH K. ALBRYCHT DEMETRIUS C. ALEXANDER JAMES C. ALLEN SCOTT ALLEN DAVID K. ALMQUIST BRENDAN J. ARCURI THOMAS D. ASBERY PATRICK C. ASPLAND GAIL E. ATKINS MAYCROS I. BAEZ DESMOND V. BAILEY RICHARD J. BALL ERIC A. BAUS KYLE W. BAYLESS JONATHAN R. BEASLEY SLADE H. BEAUDOIN JOHN C. BECKING BRIAN T. BECKNO ERIK M. BERDY CARL L. BERGMANN BARRETT M. BERNARD MICHAEL J. BIRMINGHAM RONALD C. BLACK ADRIAN T. BOGART III MATTHEW W. BRAMAN JASON T. BRIDGES MARK E. BROCK CHRISTOPHER L. BUDIHAS JAY P. BULLOCK JONATHAN C. BYROM PAUL R. CALLAHAN CHAD A. CALLIS ROMAN J. CANTU STEVEN P. CARPENTER NEIL T. CHAFFEE JERRY E. CHANDLER, JR. CHAD E. CHASTEEN STEVEN N. CHO ROBERT J. CLARK JOHN P. COGBILL ROLANDA D. COLBERT KENNETH C. COLE PATRICK T. COLLOTON CHRISTOPHER D. COMPTON WILLIAM M. CONDE JAMES L. CONNER ERNESTO A. CORTEZ KEVIN E. COUNTS CLINTON W. COX RICHARD R. COYLE JEFFREY S. CRAPO MICHAEL A. CRAWFORD SHAWN P. CREAMER DALE S. CROCKETT COREY L. CROSBIE PAUL E. CUNNINGHAM II LAWRENCE J. DALEY GILBERT F. DEIMEL JAMES A. DEORE, JR. LARRY C. DEWEY, JR. OSCAR F. K. DIANO ROLAND H. DICKS BENJAMIN T. DIMAGGIO JAMES E. DIMON ROBERT C. DONNELLY AARON L. DORF OSCAR W. DOWARD, JR. LYNN E. DOWNIE WILLIAM S. DOWNING WILLIAM E. DUVALL IV JOHN E. ELRICH JOSEPH E. ESCANDON LEE H. EVANS GEORGE G. FERIDO ERIC C. FLESCH ROBERT B. FOUCHE PARKER L. FRAWLEY MICHAEL D. GAFFNEY PHILLIP K. GAGE WILLIAM S. GALLAWAY 
ANTOINETTE R. GANT CHARLES E. GETZ, JR. JEFFREY P. GOTTLIEB BRIAN R. GREATA CHRISTOPHER A. GRICE FERNANDO GUADALUPE, JR. BRIAN M. HAGER SCOTT M. HALTER MICHAEL L. HAMMERSTROM THOMAS D. HANSBARGER BERNARD J. HARRINGTON BRIAN J. HARTHORN SHAUNA M. HAUSER EDWARD B. HAYES, JR. JAMES E. HAYES PETER J. HEBERT ERIC L. HEFNER MICHAEL C. HENSHAW ROBERT B. HENSLEY RAYMOND J. HERRERA DANIEL H. HIBNER DAVID R. HIBNER CHRISTOPHER W. HOFFMAN JOHN C. HOPKINS BRIAN S. HORINE BRIAN E. HOWELL JOHN L. HUDSON MICHAEL J. JACKSON WILLIAM G. JACOBS II KEITH R. JAROLIMEK DARREN K. JENNINGS JAMES H. JENSEN RONNY A. JOHNSON KEVIN L. JOHNSTON KENNETH E. JONES JASON E. JOOSE ROBERT R. KEETER ANDREW D. KELLY, JR. CURTIS W. KING DON A. KING, JR. 
MATTHEW S. KINKEAD ROBERT KJELDEN JAMES R. KOEPPEN MICHAEL KORNBURGER KIP A. KORTH ROBERT A. KRIEG ERIK KRIVDA SETH D. KRUMMRICH JOSEPH P. KUCHAN ROBERT B. KUTH MARC V. LAROCHE PAUL L. LARSON JOSEPH L. LEARDI RYAN T. LEHMAN THOMAS E. LEWIS, JR. JAMES L. LOCK ERIC P. LOPEZ RAFAEL LOPEZ MATTHEW D. MACNEILLY AARON P. MAGAN TOBIN A. MAGSIG ROBERT W. MARSHALL JOSEPH J. MCGRAW JEREMY P. MCGUIRE WILLIAM J. MCKNIGHT HENRY I. B. MCNEILLY NORBERTO R. MENENDEZ III ANGEL C. MESA DAVID A. MEYER JASON L. MILLER JASON A. MISELI JOSHUA L. MOON JON P. MOORE THEO K. MOORE MICHAEL E. MORA SHANE P. MORGAN DANIEL Y. MORRIS JOHN B. MOUNTFORD SCOTT W. MUELLER STEPHEN O. MURPHY THOMAS M. NELSON CLAY E. NOVAK TIMOTHY F. OBRIEN MARK P. OLIN JOHN A. OLIVER, JR. PATRICK S. ONEAL LUIS A. ORTIZ DARCY L. OVERBEY ANTONIO M. PAZ HENRY C. PERRY, JR. THOMAS C. PETTY STEVEN M. PIERCE OSCAR PINTADORODRIGUEZ ESLI T. PITTS DAWSON A. PLUMMER JOSE L. POLANCO DONALD S. POTOCZNY JEFFREY H. POWELL II LEWIS J. POWERS CARTER L. PRICE BRIAN K. PRUITT MARK T. PURDY CHARLES R. RAMBO MATTHEW D. RAUSCHER KYLE A. REED AARON W. REISINGER WILLIAM E. RIEPER MICHAEL T. RIPLEY LUIS M. RIVERA CHRISTOPHER M. RIZZO THOMAS J. ROBINSON, JR. JOSEPH D. ROLLER MONTE L. RONE FIDEL V. RUIZ THOMAS M. RUSSELLTUTTY JUSTIN W. SAPP 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16SE6.061 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6767 September 16, 2015 
TERESA A. SCHLOSSER 
GLENN C. SCHMICK MARTIN J. SCHMIDT CURTIS M. SCHROEDER JAMES M. SCHULTZE JACKSON J. SEIMS GEORGE M. SELF ARTHUR W. SELLERS DAVID E. SHANK JOHN D. SHANK ERIC P. SHWEDO SAMUEL K. SIMPSON II BRYAN K. SIZEMORE 
ERIC T. SMITH JAMES P. SMITH ROBERT L. SMITH STUART S. SMITH FREDERICK R. SNYDER MIKE SOLIS SCOTT E. SONSALLA JAVIER C. SORIA NORMAN D. SPIVEY CIRO C. STEFANO LAWRENCE I. STEWART ERIC S. STRONG MICHAEL D. SULLIVAN MICHAEL P. SULLIVAN MATTHEW J. TACKETT BRUCE W. TERRY GREGORY S. TRAHAN JAMES A. VANATTA JEFFREY T. VANCLEAVE TERRY R. VEENEMAN JOHN A. VEST CHRISTOPHER C. VINE THOMAS P. VOGEL BRIAN E. WALSH CHAD E. WARD LARS A. WENDT JASON A. WESBROCK LAWRENCE B. WHITE SCOTT D. WILKINSON MICHAEL R. WILLIAMS JASON A. WOLTER SCOTT C. WOODWARD RICHARD W. WRIGHT STEVEN G. YAMASHITA RICHARD H. ZAMPELLI MICHAEL T. ZERNICKOW DAVID J. ZINN D002605 D003450 D004487 D005229 D005322 D005670 D005950 D006293 D012577 D012627 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
STEPHANIE R. AHERN DANIEL M. ALLEN EDWARD G. ANDERSON IV PHILIP R. ARCHER AMANDA I. AZUBUIKE DANIEL J. BENICK DANIEL T. BENNETT JAMES T. BLEJSKI, JR. NATHAN J. BOLLINGER BA K. BOOZE ROGER L. BOWMAN ADAM J. BOYD STEPHON M. BRANNON KAREN L. T. BRIGGMAN COREY L. BRUMSEY JASON A. BRYAN JOEL M. BUENAFLOR CURTIS R. BURNS LAWRENCE M. BURNS ULISES V. CALVO CHAD G. CARROLL CHARLES B. CHALFONT JUANITA A. CHANG JASON A. CHARLAND PATRICK C. CHAVEZ NATHAN S. CLINE RICHARD D. CONKLE WILLIAM W. COPPERNOLL SCOTT A. CRUMP JEFFREY S. DAVIS MICHAEL A. DAVIS SCOTT T. DAVIS MARK L. DOTSON MARK S. DREWETT DARRELL W. DRIVER DAVID M. DUDAS MATTHEW W. DUNLOP MONTGOMERY C. ERFOURTH TROY L. EWING WILLIAM M. FAIRCLOUGH KEVIN N. FAUGHNDER RYAN J. FAYRWEATHER JOHN M. FERRELL SCOTT W. FITZGERALD ANDREW S. FLETCHER GREGORY J. FORD CALONDRA L. FORTSON JAMES A. FOSBRINK JOSHUA J. FULMER JOHN P. GALLAGHER BRAD T. GANDY JOSEPH C. GELINEAU III 
THOMAS M. GILLERAN KENNON S. GILLIAM NICHOLAS H. GIST PAUL L. GOETHALS VINCENT S. GOLEMBESKI JOHN P. GREGOR JEFFREY S. GRIBSCHAW KATHERINE P. GUTTORMSEN JOSEPH E. GUZMAN DAVID A. HARPER JERAD I. HARPER BRIAN D. HARRIS JOHN K. HARRIS KENNETH D. HARRISON PETER G. HART GARY M. HAUSMAN MICHAEL T. HEATON MICHAEL C. HERRERA CHRISTOPHER J. HICKEY KEVIN L. HILL CHRISTOPHER L. HOPKINS BRITTON T. HOPPER PAUL D. HOWARD CHAD T. JAGMIN JEFFERY N. JAMES KYLE F. JETTE STEVEN K. JONES JASON R. KALAINOFF MELINDA Z. KALAINOFF PATRICK N. KAUNE LAURA L. KNAPP MICHAEL K. KOLB JOHN M. KOSTUR MICHAEL J. KULIKOWSKI DAVID J. LAMBRECHT DAVID R. LAMY HAROLD L. LAROCK II WILLIAM I. LEWIS, JR. JOEL S. LINDEMAN ABIGAIL T. LINNINGTON 
KIMBERLY K. LUBICH LANGDON J. LUCAS DAVID S. LYLE KEVIN R. LYNCH ANDREW F. MACLEAN MICHAEL P. MARTEL JOSEPH G. MATTHEWS SCOTT D. MAXWELL SHON A. MCCORMICK MICHAEL S. MCCULLOUGH INGO MCLEAN THOMAS A. MCNALLY WILLIAM H. MENGEL, JR. MARK D. MILES TRENT I. MILLS ROBB C. MITCHELL SCOTT H. MORGAN JONATHAN C. MUENCHOW CHRISTOPHER W. MULLER BRUCE A. MURPHY STEPHEN M. MURPHY JASON R. MUSTEEN STEVEN L. OATMAN CHRISTOPHER M. OCONNOR FRANCIS J. PARK INGRID A. PARKER JAREN K. PRICE VANESSA K. RAGSDALE ARMANDO J. RAMIREZ ERIC M. REMOY BRETT J. RIDDLE JOSEPH F. ROACH JARED D. H. ROBBINS JEFFERY D. ROBERTSON WELLINGTON W. SAMOUCE AARON A. SAMPSON PATRICIA K. SAYLES JEFFREY M. SCHROEDER JOSEPH E. SCROCCA PATRICK R. SEIBER STEVEN E. SEXTON STEPHEN T. SHORE ROBERT B. SIMS SCOTT H. SINKULAR CHRISTOPHER L. SMITH GREGORY K. SMITH JEFFREY S. SPEAR RYAN T. STEWART DARLENE M. STRAUB BARBARA A. STREATER MARNE L. SUTTEN CURTIS D. TAIT COREY M. TEJCHMA DIANNA N. TERPIN DAVID A. THOMAS MARK A. THOMSON MARIO TORRES DEITRA L. TROTTER MICHAEL A. TRUE PAUL W. TURNBULL, JR. KATHLEEN T. TURNER HEIDI A. URBEN RICHARD D. VANGORDEN JUAN C. VEGA BRIAN D. VILE BRITTIAN A. WALKER JAMES P. WALSH ADAM Z. WALTON LISA D. WHITTAKER PETER B. WILSON WARREN R. WOOD MICHAEL F. YANKOVICH JOHN B. YORKO ROBERT E. YOUNG JOHN J. ZAVAGE JERZY S. ZUBR D001832 
D012473 G001147 G001255 G001433 G010027 G010047 G010384 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER W. ABBOTT JON W. ALTHOFF 
TACILDAYUS ANDREWS GREGORY N. ASH, JR. JON P. BEALE LESLIE D. BEGLEY BETH A. BEHN JOSEPH D. BLANDING RALPH T. BORJA DARRIN M. BOWSER RODNEY O. BRIGGMAN JEFFREY J. BRITTON MICHAEL C. BRUENS TODD W. BURNLEY ELLIOTT R. CAGGINS JEFFREY L. CALDWELL FRAZARIEL I. CASTRO PHILIP R. CLARK JUANITA R. CLARKE ENRIQUE L. COSTASOLIVERA KEVIN L. COTMAN PETER J. CRANDALL GARY J. CREGAN JASON A. CROWE FRED L. DELACRUZ SCOT A. DOBOSZENSKI DANIEL J. DUNCAN MICHAEL D. EGAN STEPHEN F. ELDER ANDREW J. ESCH BRIAN R. FORMYDUVAL GREGORY S. FORTIER BRYAN E. FOWLER RACQUEL M. GALLMAN ALLEN B. GARRISON, JR. ISABEL E. GEIGER ADDALYRICA Q. GEORGE JAMES J. GODFREY HECTOR A. GONZALEZ DAVID A. GRANT DAVID K. GREEN GARY A. GRUBB MEGAN A. GUMPF LAMONT J. HALL MICHAEL R. HARPER CHAD M. HARRIS ARCHIE S. HERNDON HAROLD B. HODGE III ELLSWORTH K. JOHNSON GREGORY S. JOHNSON STEPHEN L. KAVANAUGH JIM R. KEENE DENNIS W. KERWOOD MICHAEL S. KNAPP JOSEPH R. KURZ ROGER D. KUYKENDALL KENNETH W. LETCHER KARL S. LINDERMAN BRUCE A. LLOYD RALPH A. LOUNSBROUGH NICOLE M. LUCAS NEIL R. MAHABIR RENEE L. MANN ROBERT P. MANN ADRIAN A. MARSH HOLLIE J. MARTIN ROBERT S. MATHEWS, JR. WILLIAM P. MCDONOUGH JASON J. C. MCGUIRE ROBERT J. MIKESH, JR. JEFFREY S. NIEMI JIN H. PAK RALPH N. PERKINS IV ROBERT L. PHILLIPS III ROSS C. POPPENBERGER ANTONIO D. RALPH ROBERT L. RALSTON JOSEPH O. RITTER JOSEPH W. ROBERTS CHRISTOPHER H. ROBERTSON ROBERT D. ROUSE PAUL U. ROYLE ARIZMENDI E. SANTIAGO MARIA D. SCHNEIDER MATTHEW F. SCHRAMM SHAWN C. SCHULDT ERIC M. SCHWARTZ CARMELIA J. SCOTTSKILLERN TALMADGE C. SHEPPARD THEODORE B. SHINKLE WILLIAM J. SHINN, JR. TERRY D. SIMMS CHARLONE E. STALLWORTH RODRIDGUEZ L. STUCKEY SHANE M. SULLIVAN STEPHEN K. SULLIVAN NATHAN M. SWARTZ JAMES B. SWIFT PATRICK E. TAYLOR JARRETT A. THOMAS II KIM M. THOMAS GREGORY S. TOWNSEND GRANT A. VAUGHAN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.007 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6768 September 16, 2015 
LUIS A. VELEZCORTES 
MARK A. VINEY DINA S. WANDLER MONICA P. WASHINGTON JOHN L. WEDGES III JEANINE M. WHITE DANIEL J. WILLIAMSON HERBERT R. WILLINGHAM, JR. PATRICIA K. WRIGHT CODY L. ZILHAVER D012591 D011026 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
NEIL I. NELSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
BENJAMIN J. BIGELOW 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DAVID M. JACKSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
WHITNEY A. ABRAHAM JOSEPH F. ABRUTZ III BRANDON J. ADAMS CHRISTINA C. ADAMS JAMESON R. ADLER KURT W. ALBAUGH CORY E. ALEXANDER BENJAMIN E. ALSUP BRIAN D. ANDERSON JAMES A. ANDERSON TOY W. ANDREWS MATTHEW M. ANTHONY JOHN T. APPELBAUM JEFFREY L. APPLEBAUGH MATTHEW APPLETON ROBERT D. ARCHER MATTHEW D. ARNDT WILLIAM F. ASHLEY, JR. GLENN A. ATHERTON JESSICA S. ATHERTON FREDERICK J. AUTH ANDREW D. BABAKAN BLAKE A. BACCIGALOPI JONATHAN H. BACCUS PAUL M. D. BAINBRIDGE AARON J. BAKER RYAN L. BALDWIN ROBERT C. BALLARD, JR. TAMMI L. BALLINGER VICTOR M. BARBA JAMES R. BARBER III STEVEN D. BARBER ALLEN J. BARD JARED J. BARNARD GLEN A. BARNETT GEOFFREY S. BAUCHMAN JASON R. BAUMANN AMANDA B. BAXTER JAMES T. BEAMAN, JR. CHARLES A. BEAUCHENE KYLE M. BEILKE ROBERT M. BELFLOWER II ANDREW T. BELL DAN J. BELLINGHAUSEN DAVID V. BELLIS JENS D. BERDAHL BENJAMIN J. BERNARD JEFFREY R. BERNHARDT BRAD M. BERTHELOTTE MATTHEW G. BERTHOLD STEVEN B. BETTIS CHRISTOPHER M. BEULIGMANN GARY J. BICKEL STEPHANIE M. BIEHLE GARY W. BISSONETTE KERRY L. BISTLINE, JR. LISA C. BLACHFORD MICHAEL C. BLACKMAN BRADLEY A. BLANCHETTE MARC P. BLANCO DAVID S. A. BLAS JAMES H. BLATTER TYLER C. BLOECHER ERIC J. BLOMBERG MARTIN J. BLOMBERG SHANE R. BOBBE ALEXANDER W. BOCK CHRISTOPHER G. BOEHM LANDERRICK E. BOLDING JAMES H. BOND RICHARD A. BOWERS DANIEL P. BRADLEY PETER M. BRAS THOMAS K. BREWER TIMOTHY B. BROCK LEVI D. BROECKELMAN CHRISTOPHER D. BROOKS 
RYAN L. BROOKS BURNES C. W. BROWN MATTHEW D. BROWN, JR. ANNE C. BRUCKMAN MICHAEL J. BRUGGER CHRISTOPHER J. BRUGLER STEPHEN G. BRUNER CHELSEA R. BRUNOEHLER OMARI D. BUCKLEY NICHOLAS K. BULLARD DANIEL P. BURBA MARK A. BURCHILL GABRIEL D. BURGI CAMERON J. BURNETTE MARTY E. BURNS JOSHUA A. CALANDRA MICHELLE C. CALARASU JOHN A. CALDECUTT JOHN R. CALLAHAN SARAH B. CAMARENA DEREK M. CAMERON JOSEPH A. CAMPBELL MATTHEW W. CAMPBELL RICHARD E. CAMPBELL, JR. DANA S. CANBY JOSEPH M. CANDRILLI ZACHARY N. CAPACETE GUY K. CARLSWARD BARRY F. CARMODY, JR. KENDRA B. CARTER MARK W. CARTWRIGHT CHRISTOPHER A. CASE BRANDON S. CASTLE SEAN T. CAVANAGH KEVIN P. CAVICCHI JONATHAN E. CEBIK COLIN B. CHANCE ROBERT J. CHANDLER JEREMIAH M. CHASE MERLIN J. CHRISOSTOMIDIS 
XAVIER M. CHRISTIAN JOHN D. CICCOCIOPPI RONNIE P. CITUK CORY D. CLARK TIMOTHY B. CLARK MICAH W. CLAY DANIEL P. CLAYTOR KATIOUSKA L. CLEA MATTHEW S. CLIFFORD ROBERT A. COFFMAN, JR. BARRY J. COHEN JESSE P. COHEN ANDREW M. COLE JOSEPH R. COLLINS PATRICK R. COLLINS JASON COLTELLINO BRANDON J. COLVIN BRIAN T. CONNER GLENN A. CONRAD CHRISTOPHER T. COOK DONALD E. COOMES JASON A. COPARE MICHAEL S. COPPOCK DEREK W. CORBETT BENJAMIN A. CORDRAY JON A. CORKEY LINDA M. CORRELL MATTHEW R. COULTER ANDREW S. COUNTISS GREGORY M. COY BENJAMIN G. COYLE WILLIAM W. CRAIG MATTHEW P. CRAWFORD DANIEL R. CRENSHAW CHAD P. CRONAUER BRIAN R. CROSBY CHARLES N. CUDDY RYAN D. CUNNINGHAM MATTHEW C. CURRID BRIAN M. CUSH DAVID M. DAGOSTINO CHRISTOPHER M. DANLEY BRAD M. DANSE, JR. JASON E. DATINGUINOO BRANDON C. DAUGHTRY DARRIN D. DAVIS EDWARD J. DAVIS, JR. JAY L. DAVIS SEAN F. DAVIS JEREMY D. DAWSON RICHARD A. DEAN II CHRISTOPHER K. DEANGELIS OLIVIA K. DEGENKOLB MATTHEW J. DEGREE MARCOS A. DELGADONAZARIO JEFFREY A. DELLAPENTA CHRISTOPHER B. DELONG ALFRED A. DELVECCHIO II JESSICA L. DENNEY CAMERON D. DENNIS DUSTIN W. DETRICK ROBERT J. DIBBERN CHARLES B. DIEHL MORGAN M. DIETZEL RYAN E. DINNEN JAMES A. DIPASQUALE KENNETH P. DITTIG MICHAEL J. DIXON RANDALL L. DODDS ANNE L. DOMKO THOMAS D. DOTSTRY PETER J. DOWNES, JR. JASON S. DOYLE MEREDITH J. DOZIER JEFFREY A. DREWISKE KEITH D. DROWN LANE R. DRUMMOND 
MATTHEW E. DRYDEN VICTOR T. DUENOW ERIC W. DUFFIELD ANDREW E. DUMM ANDREW J. DYLAG PATRICK J. EARLS ANDREW J. ECKENFELS MICHAEL J. ECKERT GABRIEL V. EDWARDS SEAN A. EDWARDS SHANE L. EHLER ANGELA A. EICKELMANN MARK D. EISBRENNER II JASON D. ELFE DOUGLAS S. ELKINS CHRISTOPHER H. ELLIOTT RYAN D. ELLISON LEWIS R. EMERY W. T. EMMONS CLINTON D. EMRICH NICHOLAS R. EPPERS JOSHUA P. ESTEVAN GIOVANNI A. ESTRADA JUSTIN J. ESTRADA TAYLOR A. EVANS MCINTOSH K. EWELL II RONALD C. FAIRBANKS DAMON J. FALDOWSKI II MATTHEW B. FANNIN ADAM M. FARBER MICHAEL R. FARLEY MICHAEL W. FARMER MATTHEW G. FARRELL JAYNE T. FAUL MICHAEL FEAGANS TIMOTHY W. FEDRICK JOSHUA C. FELDMAN CORY M. FENTON HECTOR B. FERRELL RANDALL L. FIELDS, JR. 
IAN P. FISHER TIMOTHY F. FITZGERALD GRAHAM D. FLETTERICH BRADFORD S. FOSTER JEFFREY C. FOULDS COLLIN R. FOX LUCAS A. FRANCAVILLA RYAN D. FRANTZ JOSHUA J. FREEZE FORREST F. FRENCH SAMUEL S. I. FROMILLE MATTHEW R. FURTADO THOMAS D. FUTCH AMY M. GABRIEL TROY GACHETT GEOFFREY C. GAINES PHILIP GALINDO ISAIAH D. GAMMACHE JOSEPH P. GARBITELLI JEREMY D. GARCIA MICHAEL V. GARCIA DAVID T. GARDNER JASON M. GARFIELD IAN T. GARRISON DANIEL C. GATELY BRIAN K. GAUTHIER DANIEL M. GAUVIN STEPHEN C. GAY JAMES W. GELSINON JORDAN T. GENTRY MORGAN D. GEORGE RYAN C. GEORGE MATTHEW L. GERMAN IAN B. GETZLER KEITH R. GIACOPUZZI ANDREW P. GIBBONS RYAN T. GIELEGHEM PAUL A. GILLETT JONATHAN M. GILLIOM DANA P. GILMOUR KEVIN W. GOETTSCHE ZACHARY A. GOLDSTEIN VINCENT C. GOMES VERONICA A. GOMEZ JOSE GONCALVES ROBERT M. GORE JUSTIN M. GOYER RIDGELY H. M. GRAHAM TIMOTHY J. GRANT WILLIAM S. GREEN MICHAEL B. GREENSTREET FORREST J. GRIGGS CHRISTOPHER A. GRILLO ZACHARY S. GRISWOLD JUSTIN L. GUERNSEY JOHN W. GUSTINE DAVID C. HAERTEL JAMES B. HAIZLIP CHAD W. HALL DEAN R. HALTON JOHN R. L. HANSEN RICHARD K. HANSING CORY J. HANSON SETH L. HARBIN BRANDON C. HARDIN SEAN M. HARRINGTON CHAD R. HARRIS JACOB A. HART SAMUEL F. HARTLEY MICHAEL S. HARTZELL BRENDON A. HATHORN BRETT R. HAVELKA JAMES P. HAWKE CAMERON H. HAYES ERIC E. HAYES DEREK G. HAYNES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Feb 25, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\SEP 15\S16SE5.REC S16SE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6769 September 16, 2015 
DAVID C. HEBERT 
CHRISTOPHER J. HEINE ROBERT V. HEINZE JARRETT L. HELLER STEVEN W. HELMER EVAN E. HENTSCHEL TAYLOR A. HESSE WILLIAM E. HESSELL ADAM L. HILL RICHARD D. HILL JOHN W. HILLS CHRISTOPHER M. HIMES EDWARD T. HINE WILLIAM C. HINSON JONATHAN L. HIRSCH EAN P. HOBBS RYAN M. HOFER ROBERT C. HOFFACKER JASON E. HOLBROOK SEAN K. HOLLOWWA DAVID A. HOOPENGARDNER, JR. SETH T. HOOPER MICHAEL P. HOOTEN ZACHARY T. T. HOPE ALEXANDER F. HORN JAMES D. HOSTETLER JASON A. HOUSER MATTHEW M. HOWELL JOSEPH S. HUCK JUSTIN J. HUGGINS CALE B. HUGHES MICHAEL C. HUGHES JONATHAN A. HULECKI CALEB J. HUMBERD DAVID A. HUNT SPENCER S. HUNT DOUGLAS A. IVEY RYAN R. JACKSON ANDREW N. JAEGER PETER S. JAGLOM CHRISTOPHER T. JAMES 
TIMOTHY R. JARRATT BRETT J. JASIONOWSKI AARON C. JOHNSON ALAN J. JOHNSON KEITH Z. JOHNSON WESLEY A. JOHNSON CHARLES P. JONES DANIEL T. JONES MASON P. JONES AARON K. JORDAN JAMES C. JORDAN KEVIN M. KAHL ANTHONY M. KANIA CHRISTOPHER R. KARAPOSTOLES ISAAC A. KEEVER ROBERT E. KELLER JORDAN W. KELLY JEFFREY J. KELSO IAN A. KEMP DAVID W. KENDALL TYLER KENDALL ALEXANDER B. KENDRIS MATTHEW C. KENFIELD TOWNEY G. KENNARD III PETER J. KEUSS PATRICK L. KIEFER SEAN M. KILGORE DERMOT N. KILLIAN II JAE Y. KIM JASON C. KIM JONATHAN D. KINDEL JACOB E. KING JOSHUA C. KING SAULOMON D. KING JOHN D. KINMAN MATIAS J. KINSMAN JUSTIN P. KIRKPATRICK KENNETH M. KIRKWOOD MATTHEW G. KLOCK ERIC J. KNEPPER WILLIAM E. KNIPS ROBERT W. KNOERZER MATTHEW T. KNUTH DANIEL M. KOHLBECK BRENTON A. KOLB WILLIAM J. KOZLOWSKI DUSTIN T. KRAEMER CARL J. KRUEGER CHRISTOPHER M. KRUEGER JOSEPH W. KRUKAR CHRISTOPHER P. KRUKOWSKI DEREK J. KUNZMAN RONALD A. LABORDE, JR. PATRICK D. LAFFEY ANDREW L. LAIDLER JEFFREY K. LAIRD KRISTIN S. LAKE JOSEPH R. LANDI RYAN C. LANGHAM SEAN S. LANSANG LEVI J. LAROCHE JAYSON C. LARSEN BRIAN C. LAWS SEAN P. LAWSON COREY K. LEEWRIGHT RAMSES N. LEON JOHN M. LESTER CARLO D. LEVERONE MATTHEW D. LIASHEK ANDREW G. LICHTENSTEIN KEVIN J. LIND BRYAN J. LINGLE PATRICK E. LINK YILEI LIU PAUL A. LLANO JASON D. LOCKE AUSTIN M. LONG IV 
STEPHEN R. LONG STEPHEN J. LOONEY IAN M. B. LOPEZ ASHLEY M. LORENZ MICHAEL J. LORINGER ERRIC N. LOTT MATTHEW R. LOVICK MATTHEW S. LUKEVICS ANDREW M. LUKICH PHILLIP O. LUNDBERG JONATHAN J. LUSHENKO KEN H. LUSK MICHAEL C. MABREY RUSSELL J. MACKAY SEAN J. MAHONEY JARED M. MALLIS STEPHANIE L. MARCELO CHAD A. MARTIN JOHN E. MARTIN ROBERT W. MARTIN NICHOLAS A. MARUCA REBECCA A. Z. MARVIN NATHAN P. MATHERLY MICHAEL Q. MATT CASEY J. MATTHEWS EDWARD J. MAY, JR. STEVEN G. MAY RICHARD A. MAYER SCOTT D. MAYNES ONYINYE I. MBANO MICHAEL L. MCBRIDE MICHAEL R. MCCABE ANDREW J. L. MCCAFFREY SCOTT R. MCCANN GREGORY A. MCCARTHY BENJAMIN I. MCCARTY MATTHEW E. MCCAY PATRICK L. MCCLERNON BRADEN C. MCCORMACK THOMAS R. MCCURDY 
GORDON R. MCDONALD JOSEPH R. MCDONALD THOMAS J. MCDONALD MATTHEW C. MCDONOUGH COLIN S. MCFERRAN ANDREW S. MCGOVERN MICHAEL J. MCINERNEY JASON L. MCKEOWN TYLER P. MCKNIGHT GREGORY E. MCLEAN DOUGLAS V. MCMAHON ELIZABETH E. MCMULLEN JAMES S. MCNAMEE THOMAS E. MCNEIL TYLER C. MCQUIGGAN JAMES T. MCRANDLE MICHELLE MECKLENBURG RUBEN A. MEDALLA, JR. SCOTT B. MEHAFFEY MICHAEL E. MELVILLE JOSHUA D. MENKS PHILIP W. MESSNER BRANDON J. MILLER JOSHUA B. MILLER MATTHEW C. MILLER NATHAN A. MILLER STEPHEN E. A. MILLER THOMAS F. MILLER WALLACE E. MILLER II ZACHARY R. MILLER JEFFERY A. MILOTA MATTHEW J. MINCK JEREMY B. MITCHELL PETER P. MITCHELL ADAM L. MOFFIT ERIK N. MOLINA DENNIS W. MONROE JASON M. MOODY ANDREW Y. MOORE CALEB C. MOORE DAXTON H. MOORE JON T. MOORE JOSHUA J. MOORE TYLER B. MOORE EMILY M. MOOREN MICHAEL S. MOORSE RAMON MORALES, JR. DANIEL E. MORAN ROBERT J. MORENO TREVOR D. MOREY DOUGLAS J. MORROW JOHN R. MOSS CHRISTOPHER M. MOTTINO MICHAEL N. MOWRY JOHN D. MULCAIR MARK A. MUNCY JARED P. MUNDE DONACIANO MUNOZ, JR. RYAN C. MURGIA DOUGLAS E. MURPH CONSTANTY M. MURPHY COREY C. MURPHY GWENDOLYN H. MURPHY PATRICK M. MURPHY STEPHEN A. MURPHY JONATHON D. MURRAY WILLIAM P. MURTHA III DOUGLAS V. NASSIF BRIAN J. NAUGHTON JEREMY T. NAUTA JUSTIN M. NEFF ROBERT C. NEMETH JOSEPH V. NEPOMUCENO JASON A. NERIO MATTHEW C. NICHOLS MATTHEW A. NOBLE EDWARD J. NOWAK 
JASON T. NOWELL XYRONE R. OCAMPO ADAM J. OCHS RYAN H. OCONNOR PAUL G. ODANIEL JUSTIN D. OGBURN MARY K. OGDEN MICHAEL R. OLDENBORG DANIEL E. OLSON MARK D. P. OLSON MATTHEW D. OLSON BRADY D. ONEAL MICHAEL P. ORFINI MATTHEW J. ORNER CARLOS A. OROZA ROBERT J. OSBORNE CHRISTOPHER S. OSIPOWER MICHAEL J. OSTERHAUS JESSICA C. PACHTER DUSTIN A. PACKER ELI C. PADELL DENNIS R. PALANIUK JOSEPH E. PALCHAK DHRUV PARASHAR LUKE A. PARCHMENT RICHARD S. PARISI DAVID J. PARNELL MATTHEW A. PARR JOSEPH G. PASKO JAMES M. PATTERSON LLOYD G. PATTERSON PAUL G. PAVELIN THOMAS F. PAVLIK ADAM R. PAWLAK DONALD W. PELTIER III ASHLEY E. PELZEK BRIAN R. PENNINGTON JOHN R. PEPIN TIMOTHY S. PERKINS PATRICK J. PERROTT 
CHRISTOPHER J. PETERS JOSHUA D. PETERS CHRISTOPHER A. PETERSEN ANDREW P. PETRY THOMAS N. PETTY ALLAN T. PHILLIPS JAMES D. PIERCE III KEVIN A. PILCHER JARRAD O. PILGRIM REBECCA M. PING CHRISTOPHER J. PITTMAN MATTHEW E. PLANT CARL P. POE CHARLES C. POGUE JESSICA L. PONIATOSKI BROCK B. POOLER ANDREW S. POREDA BRIAN R. PULTRO ERIN L. PURSLEY DAVID M. PUTMAN ANDREW D. PYLE ANDREW R. RA TERRELL W. RADFORD DAVID M. RADOMILE VINCENT J. RAGONA TRAVIS L. RAINEY CHRISTOPHER B. RAMIRO TYLER J. RASMUSSEN KEVIN A. RASPET ALEXANDER E. RATCLIFFE HUSSEIN M. RAWJI RICHARD S. RAY ETHAN A. REBER JUSTIN L. REDDICK GARY A. REDMAN SEAN REED JOSHUA A. REEDER DANA E. REEVES JAMES M. REEVES GRANT H. REGELIN JOHN L. REID ETHAN E. REINHOLD KENNETH L. RELETHFORD, JR. CATHERINE A. B. REPPERT JAMES P. REYNOSO PAUL F. RICHARDSON III RANDALL K. RIEWERTS JASON A. RILEY BRETT M. RINGO PAUL C. RITTER COLE C. ROBERTS LINDSAY J. ROBERTSON RYAN W. ROBERTSON SCOTT A. ROBERTSON JEFFREY F. ROBESON BRIAN J. ROBINSON CHRISTOPHER L. ROBINSON DANIEL R. ROGERS DENNIS A. ROPP MARTIN E. ROSCHMANN KALLIE M. ROSE BENJAMIN A. ROSS JEFREY A. ROSS JUSTIN L. ROSS IAN M. RUMMEL WILLIAM A. RUSSELL GRETCHEN M. RYBARCZYK MARTIN A. SALAZAR CHRIS L. SALOMON MARK T. SANDEEN JOHNNYE A. SANSON PATRICK B. SARGENT KEVIN R. SARTAIN CASEY D. SCAMEHEORN CODY M. SCARBOROUGH HARVEY J. SCHAFER II 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.012 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6770 September 16, 2015 
DAVID M. SCHALLER 
KASEY S. SCHEEL NATHAN T. SCHEIBER MICHAEL A. SCHENK BRANDON K. SCHMIDT THOMAS F. SCHMITZ ALLYSON K. SCHOLL JOSEPH M. SCHULTZ JEFFREY D. SCHWAMB KURTIS D. SCOBY THOMAS J. SCULTHORPE ANDREW J. SEATOR ANDREW C. SERFASS FRANK J. SGROI, JR. JAY T. SHALLINGTON ADAM A. SHAPIRO GREG D. SHARP ROBERT B. SHARY II MICHAEL P. SHAUGHNESSY JAMES E. SHEETS GREGORY D. SHERMAN TIMOTHY W. SHILLING KRISTOPHER M. SHOLD FRANCIS E. SHOUP ADAM R. SHREDERS VINCENT F. SIMMON, JR. CHANEL G. SIMS SHEILA M. SINGER MARIO T. SINGLETARY JOSHUA B. SINK JONATHAN E. SITORIUS DAVID H. SIVLEY DANIEL A. SLEDZ BRENDON P. SMERESKY ALTON L. SMITH CHRISTOPHER R. SMITH DAVID A. SMITH DAVID J. SMITH DUSTIN T. SMITH KEVIN P. SMITH PHILIP S. SMITH 
RONALD L. SMITH TYLER L. SMITH WILLIAM E. SOPP ROBERT M. SPANN II EDWIN M. SPENCER JEFFREY W. SPENCER SAMUEL M. SPLETZER JUSTIN B. SPOTSER TIMOTHY P. SPRAGUE II RANSOME N. SPRINGER SETH M. SQUYRES KARL D. STAEHLE RONNIE D. STAHL, JR. NATHAN L. STAPLES BRADLEY D. STEIDLE CHRISTOPHER H. STEIN ADAM R. STEPHENS ANDREW R. STEWART RYAN A. STEWART WILLIAM C. STEWART BENJAMIN N. STICKLER, JR. JOHNATH D. STINNETTE JOHN L. STOCKDILL CHRISTOPHER M. STOLLE JARED M. STOLLE ERIC M. STOLPMAN CHRISTOPHER B. STONE TIMOTHY W. STONE GREGORY B. STORER SEAN M. STUART DOUGLAS B. STUHLMAN DANIEL S. SUPPLE JOHAN E. W. SUYDERHOUD MATTHEW J. P. SUYDERHOUD KEVIN A. SWIFT DAVID S. SWIMM ROBERT SZELIGOWSKI ANDREW C. TABELLION TIANA TAFUA ROBERT A. TALBOT ANDREW G. TALBOTT HEATHER O. TALLEY JOHN G. TAYLOR NICHOLAS B. TAYLOR JAMES W. TEAL TODD C. TEASDALE BRADLEY C. TEGTMEYER CHAD T. TELLA KRISTOFER A. TESTER CHRISTOPHER O. THOMAS CURTIS L. THOMAS DAVID M. THOMAS JOSHUA D. THOMPSON KYLE L. THOMPSON JOSHUA P. THURMAN GERRALL E. TIEMAN DAVID R. TIFFIN JOSHUA H. TILEY STEVEN G. TIMM ANDREW E. TINGLEY MICHAEL S. TOBIN MATTHEW E. TODD ROBERT J. TOOHIG, JR. TIMOTHY S. TROSSEVIN KEITH P. TURNBULL CHRISTOPHER S. TURNER DAVID M. TURNER LATHAM H. TURNER JON K. TURNIPSEED DAVID A. TURPIN LINDSAY C. UNDERWOOD ANDREW J. VALERIUS THOMAS B. VANDAM KYLE R. VANDEGRIFF NICHOLAS J. VANDYKE KYLE J. VANHEEST ADAM T. VANHORN 
CHAD J. VANKEULEN JOHN N. VANWAGONER RICHARD B. VAUGHN OMAR J. VIEIRA BRETT R. VINING JOSEPH R. VIOLA JUAN P. VIVES ARPRELL WALKER II ROBERT O. WALKER JOSEPH F. WALTER KEVIN W. WALTER NELLIE WANG GRANT A. WANIER ERNEST O. WASHINGTON TIMOTHY R. WATERS JOHN W. WEAVER NICHOLAS C. WEIDEMAN JONATHAN L. WENDT ANDREW J. WENDTH MARK H. WERNLY LIONEL P. WESLEY RICHARD S. WESTERFIELD KRISTEN A. WHEELER TIMOTHY M. WHITE CHARLES S. WICKWARE RAYMOND C. WIGGIN NATHAN W. WILKINSON BRADLEY S. WILLIAMS JONATHAN C. WILLIAMS KIRBY WILLIAMS II RONALD T. WILLIAMS THOMAS A. WILLIAMS ERIC W. WILSON RODERICK D. WILSON JASON M. WINDOM ADAM C. WISEMAN CHRISTOPHER M. WOLF REBECCA E. WOLF MICHAEL F. WOLFE BLAKE J. WOMBLE ANDREW C. WOOD DUSTIN S. WOOD MATTHEW E. WOOD DANIELLE G. WOODS JOHN E. WOODSON DAVID A. WRIGHT STEVEN H. YANG CAMERON R. YASTE JENNIFER M. YEDONI JESSE D. YOAST DAVID R. YOCUM MATTHEW T. YOKELEY CHRISTOPHER J. YOUNG THOMAS J. YOUNG, JR. THOMAS J. YOUNGHANS ALEXANDER K. YURANK THOMAS M. ZAGER MICHAEL A. ZDUNKIEWICZ NICHOLAS M. ZERLER KEITH S. ZEUNER BRADLEY C. ZINGONE BETHANY R. ZMITROVICH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
REBECCA K. ADAMS SUNG H. AHN DAVID M. ARMANDT MICHAEL J. BAHR WARREN H. C. BONG STEPHAN C. BROCK BRENTON N. CAMPBELL DUSTIN R. CUNNINGHAM CHRISTOPHER R. DEIGEL TIMOTHY J. EMGE II KATHERINE L. GERHARD SAVANNAH L. GILL PATRICK M. GILLEN KRISTINE Y. C. HIME DANIEL B. HOGUE MATTHEW C. HORTON DANIEL D. C. HUYNH ARTURO JACINTO II RANDALL T. JAGOE LESLIE A. JARVIS, JR. ADAM T. JONES TIMOTHY D. KUBISAK REBECCA I. MACUS NICHOLAS A. MANZINI AMBER J. MASON TYLER B. MCDONALD ANDREW J. METZCUS DAMIAN G. OSLEBO ANDRES A. OTERO LUCAS S. PAROBEK ROXANE B. POWERS RYAN R. REED MICHAEL R. ROWLES, JR. ERIC D. SHUEY ROBERT J. SMITH TAYLOR J. SOUTH JUSTIN K. STEPANCHICK JON M. WASHKO CORY L. WHEATLEY ALEXANDER G. WILLIAMS MATTHEW J. WILLIAMS TODD A. WILLIAMSON MARCELA C. ZELAYA MICHAEL L. ZUEHLKE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTOPHER M. BADE KRISTINE N. BENCH ERIC R. DRIDGE STEPHEN M. FLEET JESSICA A. GARRETT LARRY T. GULLIVER RICHARD E. ILCZUK, JR. STEPHANIE A. JOHNSON JESSICA S. KOSCINSKI PAUL W. LENZ ALLISON B. MABREY MICHELLE L. MAHAN BETHANY E. MCDONALD CHRISTOPHER J. MERRIAM JOSEPH R. OXENDINE ELIZABETH A. PARKS KATHRYN A. PARRISH RICHARD B. RAINER CASSANDRA M. SISTI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JAMIE P. DRAGE DERRICK A. DREESE ANDREW R. GATES JAMES D. GOLLIDAY ALEXANDRA M. GRAYSON VALERIE A. GREENAWAY LOUIS J. JACKSON RICHARD A. JARCHOW, JR. ROBERT J. KENNING WILLIAM P. LANGFORD CHRISTOPHER Z. MATTHEWS TIMOTHY S. SHAFFER EMILY K. WILSON SHANE T. WRIGHT RICHARD M. YATES 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JASON M. BAUMAN JEREMY M. BECKHAM KENNETH L. CHAMBERS ANTHONY J. CLARK JOHN P. CURRY AARON J. DILLION JOSHUA J. KAISER JOHN B. KRAFT JAMES A. MAGIN CHRISTOPHER A. MEDFORD THOMAS D. MIYANO TOBY L. NEWTON WAYNE A. SHIPMAN III CLEMENT L. SMITH MARK A. WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOSHUA A. AISEN JOSEPH T. BALLARD JASON K. BRUCE LYNDSEY D. FATZ ZHRA M. GHAVAM PHILIP D. HENRY PAUL D. KANE, JR. VANESSA M. N. RIGOROSO TONJA W. ROSS BRIAN M. SHECKELLS SEAN M. SONODA SCOTT M. THORNBURY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
RICHARD S. CHERNITZER LAUREN E. COLE RYAN R. P. DEVERA REBECCA B. HAGGARD MEGAN E. ISAAC REAGAN B. LAURITZEN DAVID A. LEVY DAVID C. LLOYD ROBERT G. MYERS LAURA K. STEGHERR BETH A. TEACH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
NICHOLAS A. DENISON BRYANNA H. HERRING THEODORE J. STOW 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
TRAVIS C. ADAMS TIMOTHY M. AGUIAR ISAM S. ALMABROUK CHRISTOPHER M. ANCTIL RODERIGUS C. ANDERSON TRAVIS W. ARRINGTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.014 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6771 September 16, 2015 
DAVID L. BADMAN, JR. 
ANTONIO BARCELOS, JR. CHARLES E. BARRERAS MICHAEL L. BECKMAN MARC D. BENOIT MICHAEL A. BERBERICH BRIAN L. BITNER TIMOTHY C. BITTNER 
RUSSELL L. BLACKBURN, JR. JASON L. BLICKENS PATRICK J. BLOTZER STEPHEN G. BOATWRIGHT WARREN A. BOWMAN CLARENCE M. BRADLEY CHERIE Y. BRANDT STEPHEN D. BROWN CHARLES S. BRYANT JONATHAN BUTLER FERNANDO C. BYRD MICHAEL M. CAFFEY CHARLES E. CALDWELL WILLIAM R. CALLAHAN DANVECO M. CARTER MAURY C. CASTANEDA ADAM D. CHAMBERS ODARIOUS L. CHAMBERS FRANCISCO N. CHAVEZ III JESSICA R. CHRISTIANSEN KEMUEL A. CLARK DARRYL D. COLBERT FRANKIE S. COLVIN REFUS M. COMBS, JR. JASON E. CONYER SHANE V. COOK PAUL K. COOPER, JR. QUENTIN M. COOPER CHARLES M. CRANSTON, JR. CHRISTIAN CRUZ PHILLIP E. DAVIS TIMOTHY D. DAY II BRANDON T. DEHAAN MARK E. DEMAREE HARRISON A. DEPONDICCHELLO REISHEID L. DIXON JEFFREY D. DOLAN BENJAMIN T. DORSCH KEVIN G. DUNCAN ARNEL R. EBUE MICHAEL W. EFIRD GERALD L. EPPOLITO KEVIN A. FOLLETT JONATHAN S. FRANCE ROBERT GALLARDO ALFONSO G. GARCIA ALBERT H. GONZALES DUANE A. GOWINS TODD M. GRAHEK JOSEPH GRAYER, JR. BRIAN K. GRONDIN MARIO D. HAGGERTY STEPHEN F. HANDSOM JEFFERY D. HANSON MICHAEL J. HARMON PAUL D. HARMON MICHAEL E. HARRIS ROGER L. HEGGS, JR. JAMES M. HIGGINS, JR. DAVID L. HIGHSMITH MICHELLE V. HIGINGBOTHAM JASON R. HINKLEY JEREMY D. HOLLAWAY JASON W. HOLMES GARY J. HUGHES PETER D. IULI CARLTON R. JACKSON SAMUEL S. JACKSON KABRAN N. JOHNSON AARON M. KASTRUP ROBERT F. KERSEY III DAVID W. KING JAMES A. KNEPP MICHAEL W. KRALLMAN JOSEPH M. LANEY MOSE T. LETOI MICHAEL A. LOMBARDOZZI JOEL J. LOPEZ RICARDO LOPEZ, JR. GARY D. MABRY DALLAS MARTIN DEREK D. MARTIN GEORGE A. MCINTOSH III GILDANIEL L. MCKETHAN JERRY L. MCNEW, JR. STEPHEN B. MERRITT DAVID L. MIMS CURTIS M. MITCHELL CARRIE A. MONTGOMERY DONALD R. NEESE DANIEL T. NEWMAN KENNETH W. NICHOLS CAMERON S. NORRIS NATASHA NORRIS JOSHUA L. NORVILLE ANGEL O. OLIVERA JEREMY E. OLSEN JAMES M. PADDOCK ART K. PALALAY ANDREW J. PALAS EDWIN V. PARKER RICHARD D. PARNELL ROBERT E. PARSONS MATTHEW A. PAUL 
MARK J. PETERSON MICHAEL A. PETERSON MICHAEL C. PITTMAN, JR. ARTHUR L. PORCHE, JR. MICHAEL S. PREASTER DANIEL C. RAYBURN BRIAN M. RE JEREMY S. REED STEPHANIE A. RIVERA ALBERTO C. RUIZ WILLIAM A. RUSSELL HEATH M. RUSSERT STEPHEN C. SAMPICA ALEXA SANDIFER JAMES H. SANDIFER, JR. LAWRENCE E. SCHAFFER MARK E. SMITH JACK L. SMOCK, JR. WILLIAM E. SNIDER III GEORGE R. SPANN CHARLES L. STAMPS IV ERIC R. STOFFERS TODD H. STOVER JOANN M. SWAPP PATRICK K. SWEETEN KIMBERLEY A. TEMPLE DERRICK A. THOMAS TIMOTHY G. THOMPSON KARL C. THOMSEN JEFFREY D. TOBOLA RICARDO M. TOVAR TERESA L. TURNER WILLIAM A. TURNER KATHERINE VESTER JARRETT C. WALKE LYNN M. WALL ROBERT C. WARD WILLIAM W. WEAVER CHARLES S. WHITE, JR. 
TIMOTHY D. WIK ALFRED J. WILLIAMS DARRIN L. WILLIAMS HAYWOOD WILLIAMS, JR. KEVIN R. WILLIAMS RONALD E. WILLIAMS MARVIN L. WILSON TROY L. WRIGHT ADRIAN D. YOUNG ALAN W. YOUNG ANTONIO ZUBIA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MICHAEL K. ALLEN RACHEL K. BARNETT ADAM M. BECKER DANIEL F. BELLE CHRISTOPHER M. BINGHAM MAXWELL E. BJERKE CHRISTOPHER J. BLAKE JEFFREY K. BRILL CANDACE M. BRUEGGEMAN MICHAEL J. BUTLER MICHAEL A. CANTILO SEAN B. CANTWELL KIMBERLY E. CARSON KENNY L. CASWELL RALPH W. COREY IV RYAN C. COWAN ERIC L. CUMMINS WESLEY R. CURTIS STEVEN I. DAVIS MICHAEL T. DEHNZ BENJAMIN C. DEWITT JESSICA M. FERNANDEZ WILLIAM B. FOX ANTONETTE R. GEDDIS ALAINA M. GEMBARA JAMES C. GEORGE ADRIANA M. GIBSON TARYNE C. A. HASKAMP JOSEPH M. HATFIELD NICHOLAS J. HEDBERG DAVID M. JAKUBEK DAVID R. JOHANSON II DANE E. JOHNSON LAVAUGHN KELLEY, JR. JENNIFER L. KING PAUL J. KNITTLE JOSHUA J. LAMBERTUS RICHARD A. LISTER II CHRISTOPHER J. MANNING, JR. JAY P. MCVANN MICHAEL E. MOORE CHRISTOPHER P. OSEGUEDA BRIAN S. PAGE BRANDY S. PLOTNER NICHOLE T. REINER DAVID J. RIVERA SAMUEL M. ROBERTS JAMES R. SANBORN JAMES E. SAULS AMIR M. SHAREEF GREGORY R. STORWICK RICHARD A. TUININGA JEFFREY T. VANAK EDUARDO J. VARGAS RYAN A. WEBER PETER C. WENGEL 
JERRY W. WYRICK II 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
BRIELLE L. ADAMOVICH ANDREW J. ADAMS JOSHUA M. ANGICHIODO MARK A. BARNES MARK A. BOYLE JOEY C. CARTER MICHAEL J. CILIA DANIEL R. CLARK AGUSTIN COLLAZO, JR. PATRICK J. CONDREN JOSHUA D. CORNEY TRULEA M. CRAIG BRADLEY S. CROCKER DANIEL B. DITCHBURN ERNEST M. FERNANDEZ PHILLIP J. FORD LOUIS M. FORTI NICHOLAS J. GODDARD BRIAN P. GREENFIELD STACEY L. GROSS JASON R. HENDERSON MICHAEL P. HETTINGER, JR. LEIGHTON T. HILL JASON L. HOOPER NICHOLAS F. JENSEN KENNETH D. JEW JOSEPH J. KRUPPA CHRISTY L. LAWSON ANDREW D. LINGG JOHN M. LUNDGREN, JR. PETER B. MANZOLI CAYANNE V. MCFARLANE DONALD K. MOARATTY, JR. YASMIN M. ODUNUKWE TYRONE D. PHAM CARRIE K. SANDERS GRIFFIN E. SAVING DREW C. SKINNER LAURICE H. STROTHER II CAMERON R. THOMAS JOSEPH A. TOWNS SAMUEL T. TRASSARE MARK J. TURNER JENNIFER L. VAUGHN ROBERT D. VIRDEN NICHOLAS P. WALKER CHRISTOPHER A. WEIS ERIC R. WEISS BRADLEY J. WILLIFORD JASON M. WITTROCK SHEIVON A. YUILLE RICHARD S. ZIBA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GILBERT R. BAUGHN QUINZELL T. BROWN SEAN S. BROWN JARED D. BURGESS LLEWELLYN E. CHALLENGER JEFFREY T. COVINGTON JAMES R. CROWE KEVIN D. CUMMINGS LISA M. GEBREAMLAK ERIK C. HANSEN ELIZABETH E. HUNTOON PATRICK HURRINUS BRANDON D. LAMBAISO CHRISTOPHER B. LANDIS KARRIE M. LANG WELTON LAWRENCE, JR. THOMAS S. LEVIER DAVID C. LIMMER MATTHEW R. LIVINGSTONE JUAN G. LUNA CAMERON J. MACKLEY EHAB MAKHLOUF MICHAEL J. MCGONAGLE JOHNATHAN V. MOORING NELSON J. MOZZINI MICHAEL M. ORDONEZ VICENTE ORTIZ MICHAEL D. PAWLUK ROBERT R. PINCKNEY, JR. MAXIMILIANO PINO III DAVID T. SCOTT ARIC S. SHELBY VAN E. STEWART, JR. CHRISTOPHER D. SWARTZ RICHARD B. THOMPSON JOHN R. VANASSCHE KERRI L. WILLIAMS SERGIO B. WOODEN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GREGORY A. GRUBBS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16SE6.016 S16SEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1285 September 16, 2015 
APPROVAL OF JOINT 
COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 10, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, as the Rank-
ing Member on the Defense Subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee, I am acutely aware of the harmful influence the Is-lamic Republic of Iran and its proxies have on the security situation in the Greater Middle East. Simply put, Iran pursues policies that threaten U.S. strategic interests and goals throughout the Middle East, often by enflaming sectarian tensions that are exploited by violent extremist elements in the region. 
However, despite my clear and deep mis-
trust of Iran, I firmly support the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). This hard- fought multilateral agreement will severely limit Iran’s nuclear ambitions, establish a verifiable and robust inspection regime, allow for the timely reinstatement of sanctions for violations of this agreement, and in no way limit U.S. military options. If fully implemented and rigor-ously enforced, the JCPOA will result in the removal of a source of risk and uncertainty within the region for the foreseeable future. I believe this will substantially increase the se-curity for our nation and all of our regional al-lies. 
Under the JCPOA, Iran’s access to nuclear 
material will be significantly curtailed from what we know exists today. Specifically, Iran will not produce or acquire either highly en-riched uranium or weapons-grade plutonium for at least 15 years, and they will reduce their stockpile of low enriched uranium by 98 per-cent, from 12,000 kilograms to 300 kilograms. Additionally, two-thirds of Iran’s centrifuges will be removed from nuclear facilities, to be se-cured and constantly monitored by the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Also important to note is the commitment Iran has made under the agreement to not pursue cer-tain research and development programs di-rectly linked to the development of a nuclear weapon. All told, these restrictions significantly increase the amount of time Iran would need to produce enough fissile material for a weap-on and to build a nuclear device. 
The agreement provides for the establish-
ment of a verifiable and robust inspection sys-tem, including constant monitoring of Iran’s known nuclear facilities throughout the entire chain of development, from the uranium mines to its centrifuges. Access to the supply chain makes it improbable that Iran could establish a covert nuclear program without detection. Further, the JCPOA ensures continuous moni-toring of Iran’s declared nuclear facilities and IAEA inspectors can request access to any lo-cation they suspect is involved with nuclear activities, including military sites. In anticipa-tion of difficulties with access, the JCPOA con-tains a dispute resolution mechanism should Iran deny the IAEA access to any site. While 
the time allowed for the dispute resolution process has been criticized as too lengthy, I am certain any suspicious site will receive the full attention of U.S. observation assets during that period. Additionally, nuclear inspection ex-perts express the utmost confidence that IAEA environmental sampling would detect the pres-ence of any nuclear material. 
In order to receive new sanctions relief, Iran 
must satisfy IAEA demands about the possible military dimensions of its nuclear program, dis-mantle the vast majority of its uranium capa-bility, and remove the core from the Arak reac-tor. To receive full relief from the remaining sanctions, Iran must continue meeting commit-ments for the years agreed to in the JCPOA. If the terms of the agreement are not met at any time, the JCPOA provides for the ability to re-impose both unilateral and multilateral nu-clear-related sanctions. And notably, the agreement allows the U.S. and its European allies to re-impose United Nations sanctions over the objections of any member of the Se-curity Council, including China or Russia. 
Further, the JCPOA only applies to nuclear- 
related sanctions. The United States will main-tain several strong sanctions authorities due to Iran’s designation as a state sponsor of ter-rorism and for its abysmal record on human rights. For example, U.S. sanctions will con-tinue to apply to several top-level officials in Iran’s security apparatus, to the transfer of weapons of mass destruction technologies, missile technologies, and conventional weap-ons. 
Finally, the agreement in no way constrains 
the U.S. military options at our disposal, as has been repeatedly pointed out by General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in testimony before Congress. 
I cannot argue that the JCPOA is perfect, 
and I share the frustration expressed by its opponents with its limited scope. In particular, I would have preferred if the agreement kept the constraints on Iran’s nuclear program for longer periods of time, further reduced the number of operational centrifuges, did not allow for the future elimination of sanctions on conventional arms and ballistic missiles, con-tained restrictions on Iran’s use of the sanc-tions relief, and addressed the detention of American citizens in Iran. However, in any ne-gotiation, especially one with many sovereign nations, each having their own economic and security considerations, some compromise is necessary. Critically, I believe the agreement reached accomplishes the goal of preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
I fundamentally disagree with those sup-
porters of the deal who have stated that ‘‘war’’ will be the immediate result if the agreement is rejected, and find that opponents of the deal have only presented alternatives that are best described as delusional. Rather, I concur with the sentiments of my esteemed friend, and former Senator, Richard Lugar, who recently wrote that Congressional rejection of the Iran deal would, ‘‘kill the last chance for Wash-ington to reach a verifiable Iranian commit-ment not to build a nuclear weapon,’’ and, 
‘‘destroy the effective coalition that brought Iran to the negotiating table.’’ We cannot rea-sonably expect foreign nations, even our clos-est allies, to continue making costly sacrifices at our demand if the U.S. unilaterally with-draws from its commitment to the JCPOA. And I can say with some confidence that China and Russia will have no hesitation to re-sume trade with Iran if the agreement were re-jected. Iran negotiated because of crippling sanctions and a unified international commu-nity, neither of which will exist should Con-gress reject this agreement. 
The ultimate success or failure of the 
JCPOA will be determined by time and verification based on Iranian behavior. How-ever, it is vital for the duration of the agree-ment that the U.S. leads the international com-munity to maintain focus on Iran’s compliance 
and ensure that Iran does not undermine re-gional stability through other pathways, negat-ing the security gains from this agreement. To accomplish this, we must remain steadfast in our commitments to all of our regional part-ners, including Israel, and help improve their capacity to counter Iran and mitigate the ef-fects of their malign activity. Additionally, we must keep combining diplomacy, economic pressure, and the resolve to keep military op-tions on the table. 
Assuming the agreement is affirmed, I ask 
all to constructively work to improve the secu-rity situation in the Middle East rather than using all their energy to undermine the agree-ment. We cannot rely on force of arms alone to bring lasting stability to any region of our world. And I hope that the exhaustive multilat-eral negotiations that led to the JCPOA will serve as a template for future U.S. and inter-national engagement on other outstanding issues that have led to instability and violence in the region. 
f 
APPROVAL OF JOINT 
COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, September 10, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to express my support for the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) negotiated by the Administration and under consideration by Congress. I believe that this agreement is the best way forward to prevent the Islamic Republic of Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon and provides the United States and our allies with mechanisms to monitor and verify Iran’s nuclear program. The agreement has the support of the international community and it gives us the best opportunity to avoid direct military conflict with Iran. Many men and women from Guam have paid the ultimate sacrifice in support of our country across the world, but most especially in Iraq and Afghani-stan. Every lost or wounded servicemember is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16SE8.009 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1286 September 16, 2015 
a constant reminder of the ultimate price we 
pay when diplomacy fails or, worse, isn’t at-tempted. As Guam’s representative to Con-gress, I have a responsibility to my constitu-ents to use my best judgment and to do what is necessary to avoid putting their lives at risk when there are other options to solve serious geopolitical challenges. 
As Congress debates the JCPOA, it is im-
portant to recognize that the effort to halt Iran’s effort to obtain nuclear weapons was not a unilateral effort by the United States but rather a multilateral effort with other countries holding a vested interest in a nuclear-free Iran. To believe that these countries will agree to renegotiate the agreement ignores the political realities of the P5+1 countries. If Congress votes to reject this agreement, it would impede our ability to promote nuclear nonproliferation in the Middle East, and there are no guaran-tees that other nations, such as China and Russia, would continue to impose economic sanctions on Iran. This past weekend, regard-ing the other nations, former Secretary of State Colin Powell stated, ‘‘. . . they’re all going to be moving forward. We’re going to be standing in the sidelines.’’ The United States does not belong on the sidelines. We must recognize the political realities of this deal re-gardless of whether it is perfect or not. It is folly to believe that a better deal is out there if we reject the JCPOA. 
As the representative of the people of 
Guam, I understand the dangers when hostile nations are able to obtain nuclear weapons; my constituents live under threat that North Korea could develop nuclear weapons that di-rectly threatens our island. While there are flaws in the agreement that was reached in 1994 with North Korea, I believe it is important that we give this deal a chance to be imple-mented. Though we always reserve the right to defend our nation, our allies, and our inter-ests, our values dictate that the United States does not have to lead with the sword. Diplo-macy is always preferable to a military solu-tion. However, Secretary of Defense Ash Car-ter noted that military options remain viable should Iran violate the agreement. He wrote, ‘‘. . . nothing in the Iran deal constrains the U.S. Defense Department in any way or its ability to carry out such a mission.’’ 
I have reviewed the agreement and have 
been briefed by Secretary of State John Kerry and Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz, who led the U.S. negotiating team. I find their expla-nations of the agreement’s details and argu-ments in favor of its adoption to be compel-ling. While I cannot vote on the floor of the House of Representatives, it is my responsi-bility to make my position on an issue of such importance known to my constituents and to our nation. I support the JCPOA and urge my colleagues to reject efforts to play politics with our national security. 
f 
HONORING MR. EDWARD F. 
MCELROY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the 90th birthday of a Chicagoland icon, Mr. Edward F. McElroy. It is my pleasure to pay homage to a man who has entertained 
and informed residents of Chicagoland for al-most 70 years. 
Ed McElroy began his long and storied ca-
reer in 1946 under the guidance of radio per-sonality Bob Elson. His first opportunity to cover nationwide news and sports came with Eddie Hubbard on the Chesterfield Show for WIND, and in 1950, he joined WJJD, another local station in Chicago. 
Over the last 70 years, Mr. McElroy has de-
livered news to Chicagoland on an incredible variety of platforms and his work continues today. He currently hosts the TV shows Com-munity in Focus and the Ed McElroy Show where he interviews local newsmakers. 
Outside of the enduring impact his work in 
broadcasting has had on the people of Chi-cago, Ed McElroy also deserves recognition for his outstanding service to his community. Mr. McElroy has always been willing to take time out of his busy schedule for those in need. He has entertained hospitalized vet-erans and underprivileged children at LaRabida Children’s Hospital and he visits schools to teach students about patriotism. 
Veterans in particular have benefited from 
the generosity of Ed McElroy. A veteran him-self, Mr. McElroy served our country during World War II in the Army Air Corps and be-came involved in veterans issues shortly after his service. Among his long list of accolades, he has served as National Commander of the Catholic War Veterans of the United States of America, as well as State Commander for Illi-nois. 
Finally, Ed McElroy has been consistently 
active with the Chicago Policy Department. His efforts to improve the welfare of Chicago Police Officers and their families have been recognized by police organizations across Chicagoland. 
Mr. McElroy, father of three and grandfather 
of six, has had a hugely successful career and continues to have an impact on the day-to-day lives of Chicago area residents. I ask my col-leagues to please join me in celebrating the 90th birthday of Edward F. McElroy. 
f 
REMEMBERING ELEANOR BENSON 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
a woman from my community passed away. Her name was Eleanor Benson. We all have a handful of people who actually impact our lives, and this woman is partially responsible for why I’m behind this microphone. She changed my life. She had a passion and en-ergy that could not be stopped, and she will be dearly missed by our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. CHRISTOPHER 
PUTO 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Christopher P. Puto, who will be installed as the 37th President of Spring Hill 
College, the oldest Catholic college in the Southeast, on September 17. Spring Hill Col-lege is located in Mobile, Alabama, which is the largest city in Alabama’s First Congres-sional District. 
Dr. Puto will be returning to Spring Hill Col-
lege, where he graduated in 1964 with a de-gree in economics. He then went on to earn a Master of Business Administration in mar-keting from the University of Miami followed by a Doctorate in Business Administration from Duke University, my own alma mater. 
In 1998, as dean of the McDonough School 
of Business at Georgetown University, he in-troduced a new MBA program curriculum and initiated a curriculum redesign for the under-graduate business program. He also created a comprehensive strategic planning process for the school and raised $80 million in the first three years of a $150 million capital campaign. 
From 2002 to 2014, Dr. Puto served as the 
dean and the Opus Distinguished Chair in the Opus College of Business at the University of St. Thomas, a Catholic college in Minnesota. At St. Thomas, Dr. Puto designed and intro-duced the university’s first full-time MBA pro-gram and first full-time accountancy program. 
In addition to his contributions to academia, 
Dr. Puto has also achieved success through industry and consulting experience. In fact, he started his career as an allied sales manager at Burger King Corporation, where he played a part in developing the ‘‘Have It Your Way’’ advertising campaign. 
Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to welcome Dr. 
Puto back to Southwest Alabama. Spring Hill College has long been a critical part of the local community, and I look forward to working with Dr. Puto in his new role. 
f 
HONORING JONATHAN DYER 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Jonathan Dyer who has achieved the Eagle Scout award, a Boy Scout’s highest honor. This recognition is well deserved and represents these young men’s commitment to public service. 
Achieving the status of Eagle Scout is a 
huge accomplishment, and I commend Mr. Dyer for being a positive role model to young people across our great state and the nation through his commitment to community service. 
Once again, congratulations to this young 
man for his outstanding accomplishment. I am very proud of him and wish him the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING HISPANIC 
HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great respect and admiration that I rise to cel-ebrate National Hispanic Heritage Month and its 2015 theme, Honoring Our Heritage. Build-ing Our Future. The people of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.001 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1287 September 16, 2015 
States will once again celebrate the histories, 
cultures, and traditions of our Hispanic Amer-ican brothers and sisters from September 15, 2015, through October 15, 2015. 
Hispanic Heritage Month begins each year 
on September 15, the anniversary of the inde-pendence of five Latin American countries: Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Hon-duras, and Nicaragua. Mexico and Chile ob-serve their independence days on September 16 and September 18. Since its inception as National Hispanic Heritage Week in 1968, which later became National Hispanic Heritage Month in 1988, Americans have taken this time to not only pay tribute to the rich culture and traditions of Hispanic Americans, but also to reflect on the numerous contributions they have made that have led to improvements within their communities, and in turn, a better America. 
Our nation’s success is reliant upon the rich 
heritage and cultural diversity of its people. Hispanic Heritage Month celebrates the many Hispanic leaders and members of our commu-nities who have added to the prosperity of the United States in every facet of society includ-ing medicine, business, arts and entertain-ment, sports, education, politics, and the mili-tary. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask you and my 
other distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month. Throughout America’s history, present, and fu-ture, the Hispanic community has played and continues to play a major role in enriching the quality of life and culture of our great nation, and for their outstanding contributions they are worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 125TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF SEQUOIA NATIONAL PARK AND THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF KINGS CANYON NA-TIONAL PARK 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the 125th anniversary of Sequoia National Park, and the 75th anniversary of Kings Canyon National Park. Both of these parks are located in California’s Fourth Con-gressional District, which I have the honor to represent. 
Having been established in 1890, Sequoia 
National Park is the nation’s second oldest na-tional park. It was created through the advo-cacy of nearby San Joaquin Valley residents, who wished to protect the magnificent Giant Sequoias for the enjoyment and inspiration of future generations. 
In 1926, the park expanded to include 
Mount Whitney and the High Sierra backcountry. Today, it encompasses 39 Giant Sequoia groves, accounting for 40 percent of all native Sequoia groves in the world. In one of these groves, the Giant Forest, grows The General Sherman Tree. The General Sherman Tree is considered the largest living tree on earth and estimated to be approximately 2,000 years old. 
Kings Canyon National Park was created in 
1940 to include the glacially-formed Kings Canyon. It also serves to protect the head-waters of the Kings River for public recreation 
and enjoyment. The park features over 60 miles of the Pacific Crest Trail and the John Muir Trail, both of which pass through spec-tacular alpine scenery. 
Together, the parks host over 1.5 million 
visitors annually, and contribute $154 million to the local tourism economy. Visitors partici-pate in a variety of outdoor recreation activi-ties, including: hiking, camping, horseback riding, fishing, canoeing, and climbing. 
Mr. Speaker, on this notable occasion, I rise 
to recognize the splendor of Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks, which I hope will inspire all Americans to visit and recreate among its natural wonders. 
f 
HONORING SHERIFF BILL OLDHAM 
HON. STEPHEN LEE FINCHER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate my friend, Sheriff Bill Oldham, on being selected as the 2015 Tennessee Sher-iff’s Association’s ‘‘Sheriff of the Year.’’ Sheriff Oldham received this prestigious award at the Tennessee Sheriff’s Association conference in Sevierville on Friday, July 24, 2015. This award was much deserved and highlights Sheriff Oldham’s lifelong dedication to the preservation of safety in the Shelby County community. 
A native Memphian, Sheriff Oldham grad-
uated from the Catholic High School for Boys and attended Memphis State University from 1967 to 1970. He advanced to the Memphis Police Academy, where, in 1972, he grad-uated as a member of the 33rd Session. Upon graduation, Sheriff Oldham began his career as a police officer. 
Sheriff Oldham was elected as Secretary 
and Treasurer of the Memphis Metropolitan Association of Chiefs of Police in 1993, Vice President in 1994, and President of the Asso-ciation in 1995. He rose as a natural leader through the ranks of the Memphis Police De-partment, earning Officer of the Year twice, and retired in 2000 as a director. In 2002, he was appointed as Chief Deputy of the Shelby County Sheriff’s Office, and then was elected Sheriff of Shelby County in 2010. Sheriff Oldham has served the community on a na-tional scale. In 1991, he was selected by the FBI as a member of the National Law Enforce-ment Budgeting Advisory Group, and in 1995 he graduated from the 21st Session of the FBI’s National Executive Institute. 
Sheriff Oldham worked tirelessly on many 
City, State, and National boards and commis-sions encompassing credit, education, and corrections. Sheriff Oldham received multiple appointments to correctional committees from Governor Bill Haslam. Sheriff Oldham is an active member of the MMACP, the Inter-national Association of Chiefs of Police, the Tennessee Sheriff’s Association, the National Sheriff’s Association, the Major County Sher-iff’s Association, and is a retired member of the Tennessee Chiefs of Police Association. 
The Tennessee Sheriff’s Association annu-
ally selects a ‘‘Sheriff of the Year’’ who has a dutiful career of dedication to law enforcement encompassed by commitment to public safety and selfless leadership. On behalf of Tennessee’s 8th Congressional 
District, I congratulate Sheriff Oldham on re-ceiving the Tennessee Sheriff’s Association’s 2015 ‘‘Sheriff of the Year.’’ I wish him the best of luck for all future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING CALIFORNIA STATE 
UNIVERSITY, SAN BERNARDINO ON ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor California State University, San Bernardino as it celebrates its 50th anniver-sary. Established in 1965 as California State College at San Bernardino, the Inland Empire institution opened its doors to less than three hundred students. In 1984, it officially changed its name to California State University, San Bernardino. 
From starting with nearly three hundred stu-
dents in 1965, to educating and empowering more than 20,000 today, Cal State San Bernardino has become an integral part of the San Bernardino community. With bachelor’s, master’s, and doctoral programs in five col-leges, it provides students from all walks of life with endless opportunities. Educating and training our students for our rapidly evolving world is critical for the Inland Empire today and tomorrow. 
California State University, San Bernardino 
has been a powerful economic, social, and cultural force for decades. This can be seen through the thousands of graduates it sends into the workforce each year to the thousands of Inland Empire residents it employs. To date, the University has graduated more than 80,000 people since its establishment, enrich-ing our community and culture with innovative and creative minds that will continue to make the Inland Empire a better place to live and raise a family for generations to come. 
As we celebrate its 50th anniversary, we 
commend and thank the faculty, staff and stu-dents of California State University, San Bernardino of the past five decades for their contributions to our community. 
f 
SEPTEMBER IS NATIONAL CHILD-
HOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH: HONORING HYUNDAI HOPE ON WHEELS 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise to observe National Childhood Cancer Awareness Month, and in doing so I wish to recognize Hyundai Hope on Wheels, a leading contributor to pediatric cancer re-search and the fight to permanently end child-hood cancer. 
Hope on Wheels has one wish—and it is 
one that I share as both a father and a grand-father: to help kids fight and beat cancer so that each and every child can live a long, healthy, and joyous life. 
Each year, approximately 15,780 children 
and adolescents are diagnosed with cancer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16SE8.010 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1288 September 16, 2015 
Even with all of the advances in modern medi-
cine, cancer is still the leading cause of death by disease among children in the United States. It does not discriminate among its vic-tims; any child can become afflicted no matter how young or how small. It affects children from each gender and all nationalities, reli-gions, and socio-economic backgrounds. In most tragic fact, a child is diagnosed with can-cer every 36 minutes. No one and no family is immune from this devastating disease. But there is hope. 
Blessedly, modern medical research and 
treatments have greatly improved the survival rate for children with cancer. As of 2010, there were approximately 380,000 childhood cancer survivors living across our country. This dra-matic improvement is a result of an increased quality of care, early detection, and advances in innovative research—along with a growing wellspring of financial support beneath it all. 
Hyundai Hope on Wheels is leading the way 
with its commitment to cancer research. In its 17th year of battling childhood cancer, Hope on Wheels will award $10.5 million in research grants to hospitals across the United States during this September, National Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. Hope on Wheels has been investing in pediatric cancer re-search since 1998, and this month they will surpass $100 million in lifetime funding to this critical cause. 
I express my most heartfelt congratulations 
and gratitude to everyone at Hyundai who has made this wonderful investment in our children a powerful reality. 
This year, one of Hyundai Hope on Wheels’ 
grants will be awarded to Pennsylvania’s own Dr. James Anthony Graves at the Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, where he is researching neuroblastoma, the most common extracranial pediatric tumor. This award and others will allow doctors like Dr. Graves to continue to work on life-saving cancer thera-pies and new treatments for children in Penn-sylvania and across our country. 
Mr. Speaker, for working to improve the sur-
vival rate of our nation’s children tragically di-agnosed with cancer, I ask that my colleagues join with me today in recognizing the heroic work of Hyundai Hope on Wheels. Committed to winning the fight against pediatric cancer, this extraordinary organization is providing generations of American children with the hope of a healthy future. 
f 
COMMENDING THE RECIPIENTS OF 
THE 2015 NIPSCO LUMINARY AWARDS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great respect and admiration that I rise to commend the recipients of this year’s NIPSCO Luminary Awards. The Luminary Awards were created to honor individuals or organizations throughout the community that have displayed exemplary leadership in the areas of commu-nity leadership, economic development, edu-cation, environmental stewardship, and public safety. This year’s honorees include Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson, the Northeast Indiana Regional Partnership, Starke County Initiative for Lifelong Learning, Porter County Career 
and Technical Center, and the Tri-Town Safe-ty Village. For their extraordinary contributions to their communities and throughout the re-gion, the honorees will be recognized at a ceremony on Thursday, September 17, 2015, at NiSource Corporate Headquarters in Merrillville, Indiana. 
Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson was honored 
with the Community Leadership Award for her strong leadership skills, creativity, and dedica-tion to improving and strengthening the City of Gary. On December 31, 2011, she became the first woman to lead Gary and the first Afri-can-American female mayor in the state of In-diana. Mayor Freeman-Wilson’s passion for her home, the City of Gary, is unwavering. She is dedicated and continues to take on the city’s challenges with integrity and enthusiasm. Mayor Freeman-Wilson has been a true com-munity leader and asset to the people of Gary, as well as Northwest Indiana and beyond. She is worthy of this prestigious honor. 
Northeast Indiana Regional Partnership 
(NIRP) is the recipient of the Economic Devel-opment Award. The organization was formed in 2006 with the goal of helping to establish and develop a worldwide competitive economy in Northeast Indiana. The organization is a proven success and is one of the top per-forming regional economic development orga-nizations in the nation. The NIRP is a truly in-ventive organization and is crucial in today’s ever-changing economy. 
Starke County Initiative for Lifelong Learning 
(SCILL) was honored with the Education Award. Created in 1996, the organization pro-vides educational opportunities for industrial employees and continues to invest its efforts in developing a well-trained workforce within the regional community. For its exceptional dedication to empowering individuals through education and developing a strong workforce to promote economic growth within the com-munity, SCILL is truly inspiring. 
The Porter County Career and Technical 
Center (PCCTC) is the recipient of the Envi-ronmental Stewardship Award. The program started in 1971 and was formed with the pur-pose of providing a wide range of vocational and technical education programs to high school students. Throughout the years, the PCCTC has provided young people with the tools they need to succeed in their future en-deavors. In addition, the organization has been a leader in the expansion of environ-mental education opportunities in the region and continues to develop the students’ knowl-edge of environmentally sustainable energy sources. For educating our youth on the latest environmental challenges, innovations, and developments, the PCCTC is worthy of this special honor. 
The Public Safety Award recipient is the Tri- 
Town Safety Village. This not-for-profit organi-zation is directed by an eighteen member ad-visory board with representatives from the towns of Dyer, Schererville, and Saint John. The ‘‘Safety Village and Alive House’’ hands- on display teaches children about safety in and around their communities. For their dedi-cation to providing and preparing our youth with safety education, they are to be highly commended. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-
guished colleagues to join me in commending these outstanding leaders and organizations. Their contributions to their communities, Northwest Indiana, and worldwide are im-
measurable, and the honorees are worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
KELLEY TRUCKING INC. 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor the employees of Kelley Trucking Inc. in Golden, Colorado for their heroic acts on June 3, 2015. 
On Wednesday, June 3, 2015 while at his 
Kelley Trucking Inc. Offices, John Kelley went into complete cardiac arrest. The heroic acts of the other six employees that were with John not only brought quick aid to the scene, they ultimately saved John’s life. In the following moments Mike Easley, David Seehafer, Luke Kelley, Cal Kelley, John’s wife Kelly Dorothy Kelley (Dottie) and Con Cockrum each pro-vided the help John needed to receive urgent medical care as well as providing life-saving assistance that astounded John’s family, med-ical staff, and myself. 
When John went into complete cardiac ar-
rest, David retrieved the onsite Automated Ex-ternal Defibrillator (AED) within 30 seconds. During this time Mr. Easley and John’s son Luke got John into the rescue position while Con called 911. Dottie attached the pads of the AED and upon analyzing his heart they found it was completely stopped and would need a defibrillator shock. Cal Kelley adminis-tered the shock, while Luke began CPR com-pression and Dottie administered mouth to mouth. Mike and Cal were able to keep clear heads as they focused on leading the com-pressions. After the first set of CPR another shock was administered, and with the second shock John’s heart was miraculously restarted. By this time Nick and David had brought the ambulance and Fire Department to the correct location. It is fortunate that the people sur-rounding John that day not only knew what to do but were able to execute the steps quickly and correctly. This shows the importance of providing adequate CPR trainings and having an AED onsite. 
While everything happened so fast that day, 
the care and speed in which the people sur-rounding John dealt with the situation is what made all the difference. I am inspired by the care that these coworkers have had for each other and by their actions that can be de-scribed as nothing less than heroic. 
I extend my deepest thanks to the employ-
ees of Kelley Trucking Inc. for their actions that day and their service to John Kelley and his family. These employees’ courageous acts show how dedication to service and quick thinking can save lives. 
f 
HONORING THE VETERANS WALL 
OF FREEDOM 
HON. PETE AGUILAR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
pay tribute to the Veterans Wall of Freedom, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16SE8.008 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1289 September 16, 2015 
a monument to be erected in Grand Terrace, 
California. This memorial will honor the serv-ice, sacrifice and spirit of our nation’s vet-erans, hundreds of thousands of whom called the Inland Empire home. 
This will memorialize the brave men and 
women who gave the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom and liberty. We will never forget what they did for our nation, risking their lives to keep us safe and free. For over two hundred years, brave Americans have put their lives in harm’s way for the sake of our country. The Veterans Wall of Freedom will allow us to pay tribute to those courageous souls, and to teach future generations of their selflessness and sacrifice. 
The Veterans Wall of Freedom will serve as 
a constant reminder of the fearless Americans who lived beside us for decades and through multiple wars, and what they did to protect our families, communities and country. 
f 
MIKE BESTOR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize a true public servant and community leader. After serving more than 21 years as City Manager of Golden, Colorado, Mike Bestor is retiring. 
Mike’s work ethic, integrity and thoughtful-
ness made him an effective City Manager for the City of Golden for more than 21 years. Golden flourished under Mike’s management. His efforts to develop biking and hiking trails, additional park space, Fossil Trace Golf Course, the community center and countless other projects have helped enhance Golden and the ability for residents and visitors alike to live, work and play there. Even during the recession, Mike was able to keep Golden strong despite difficult budget cuts. Mike’s ap-preciation and dedication to the city and its employees and residents is evident in every-thing he accomplished. 
Mike Bestor exemplifies the best in public 
service, and Golden was fortunate to have his leadership for 21 years. Congratulations on your retirement and thank you for all you have done for the City of Golden and our commu-nity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. TAYLOR 
LANCASTER 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
recognize the accomplishments of Taylor Lan-caster, my constituent who just completed a cross-country trek to bring attention to the cause of proper labeling of food products con-taining GMOs. Taylor has devoted the past eight months of his life to traversing 2,700 miles by foot, in order to raise awareness for this important issue. 
Taylor began his journey on January 5th of 
this year at the famous Santa Monica Pier. From there, he crossed our country’s great deserts, mountains, and plains, to arrive on 
the banks of the Potomac, here in Wash-ington, D.C. Taylor did not do this alone; he had help along the way. Kind people in di-verse communities shared their homes, allied and affiliated organizations shared his story, and his sponsors supported him. Taylor also had the opportunity to meet with like-minded groups, politicians, and schoolchildren to share his message as he crossed the country. 
Taylor, who is my constituent and a resident 
of Santa Barbara, California, has been a back-packer for more than 20 years. He has worked on an organic farm and tended to organic gar-dens and orchards at a monastery. It was dur-ing his time at the monastery that he decided 
to undertake a journey in support of something larger than himself. 
Like Taylor and the majority of American 
consumers, I firmly believe consumers have the right to know what is in their food. Part of Taylor’s mission is to bring awareness to, and oppose, proposed legislation that would pro-hibit any mandatory labeling of GMOs. I have consistently voted against this type of legisla-tion and applaud Taylor and his efforts to spread this message he believes in. 
I am pleased to recognize Taylor’s achieve-
ments on behalf of consumers’ right to know and wish him continued success in his future endeavors. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE TOWN OF 
HEBRON’S 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with sin-
cere pride that I recognize the town of Hebron, Indiana, as town officials and the entire com-munity celebrate the very special occasion of its 125th anniversary. 
Prior to its incorporation in March of 1890, 
Hebron was originally known as the ‘‘Corners’’ based on the crossing of two roads at its loca-tion. Although the town’s first three attempts at incorporation were unsuccessful, the area thrived and continued to grow, and the first school was constructed in 1842. The year of 1845 was significant in that the first con-structed log house was completed within the community, while the petition for a local post office was also submitted by Reverend Wilson Blaine during that year. The petition would be approved within a year’s time and named He-bron after Reverend Blaine’s congregation. A new era arose in 1863 with the construction of the Pittsburgh, Chicago, and Saint Louis Rail-road, linking the community by rail with Chi-cago’s business and economic opportunities. Residents could now leave for business in Chicago in the morning and return in the evening. The years to come would mark an exciting time for Hebron and for all of North-west Indiana. 
Although it was not yet incorporated, the 
census taken in 1886 showed that the area had a population of 663. By its centennial year in 1990, Hebron had demonstrated a steady growth with a population of 2696 residents. This trend has continued throughout the years, as the latest census data indicates that He-bron’s population has reached 3700. 
In celebration of the town’s 125th anniver-
sary, festivities will be held in Hebron during the annual Block Party for the Town on Satur-
day, September 19, 2015. In commemoration of this milestone, there will be a walking tour of community homes built in the 1800s, and the town’s museum will be open for residents, visitors, and friends to reflect on the rich his-tory of Hebron. In addition, entertainment and a grand fireworks display will take place for all to enjoy. A time capsule will also be buried near the Hebron clock tower to mark this spe-cial anniversary. For their devotion to their town’s memory and prosperity, I would like to take the time to acknowledge Town Council President Don Ensign, Vice President Dave Peeler, council members, Pete Breuckman, Mike Mantai, and Keith Cunningham, Clerk- Treasurer Terri Waywood. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-
guished colleagues join me in honoring the 125th anniversary of the town of Hebron, Indi-ana. For 125 years, the people of Hebron have demonstrated a level of pride in and service to their community that is unmatched. The town and its people have been an integral part of the Northwest Indiana community for generations, and I have been proud to serve as their representative. 
f 
PIE CONSULTING AND 
ENGINEERING 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Pie Consulting and Engi-neering in Arvada, Colorado for being honored by Colorado Companies to Watch (CCTW). 
CCTW is a unique awards program that rec-
ognizes and celebrates the contribution, inno-vation and energy of diverse second-stage 
companies that exemplify strong management, and community service involvement. While there are many outstanding companies in Col-orado, Pie was chosen based on their positive impact on economic growth and the way they empower the innovation of their clients, staff and the community around them. 
Pie Consulting & Engineering began in 1999 
and has grown to be a leading forensic engi-neering and building sciences firm with offices throughout the nation. Pie’s team of building science engineers and consultants provide en-closure consulting and services nationally and internationally for a variety of department of defense, federal, institutional, commercial, reli-gious, medical, resort, mission-critical and mixed-use facilities. Their clients include the Marriott at Denver International Airport, and Pearl Place, the new Google complex. 
The spirit of Pie’s organization is fueled by 
strong company core values of ownership, community, integrity, respect, optimism and an emphasis on charitable giving. The high level of devotion Pie has shown to their community speaks to their quality of service. Pie takes pride in positively impacting the community of Arvada by hosting charity events and offering a Charitable Time Off program for employees to support charitable causes and non-profits that are important to them. Pie Consulting and Engineering is a great community asset and I’m proud of the service they provide our com-munity. I am certain their service will continue to benefit our communities for decades to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE8.017 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1290 September 16, 2015 
HONORING THE LATE 
CONGRESSMAN LOUIS STOKES 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the late 
Congressman Lou Stokes loved life and loved his family. He loved Cleveland, and he loved the political process. He was a giant of a man who embodied a quiet dignity that still inspires me today to do more for those who don’t have a voice. 
It was my privilege to attend the funeral 
service of Congressman Stokes on August 25, 2015. While many family members and friends paid special homage to a great public servant, the remarks of Congresswoman M
ARCIA  
FUDGE rung particularly true to all who were 
able to hear them. It is those comments that I would like to share with you now. 
EULOGY OF LOUIS STOKES  
(By Marcia Fudge) 
I rise today to perform one of the most 
heavy-hearted duties to which I have ever been assigned. Lou Stokes himself was the assigner. He asked me several weeks ago to, on behalf of the political community, to de-liver a discourse in commemoration of his lifetime of public service. Lou Stokes was the first African American elected to rep-
resent this community in the House of Rep-resentatives. I was blessed to have first a mentor/mentee relationship. Later, he be-came my colleague and my friend. That friendship continued without interruption until the day of his death. Make no mistake, my friends, we mourn this day, the loss of no ordinary man. 
Napoleon I as the story goes was crossing 
the Alps, when he saw a lone peasant woman along the side of the road. ‘‘Where are you going on this bright morning?’’ And she an-swered ‘‘I am heading through the pass to hopefully see the Emperor.’’ It was obvious she did not know who he was, so he went on and said ‘‘why would you be interested in seeing the Emperor, than his majesty from the House of Bourbon. It seems to me that you have exchanged one politician for an-other.’’ The peasant spent a few minutes and said, ‘‘The Bourbons were the rulers for the rich and famous. Napoleon is our ruler.’’ In this holy place, we have assembled to pay re-spect to the cherished and honored Louis Stokes, because no matter how many degrees he possessed, no matter how many world leaders he knew by first name, no matter how many Presidents sought his counsel, he was the Congressman for the peasant, the pauper, the passed over, and yes the popu-late. 
Louis Stokes, thank God, never embraced 
the shallow notion that he should be like ev-eryone else. Had he done so, he would never have reached his extraordinariness. He was a gifted orator, a writer of atypical ability, a lawmaker with legendary legislative savvy, and a statesman of sterling examples of ci-vility. As the drama of history unfolds, Con-gressman Stokes will be ranked as one of the all-time greats, and to be sure, his greatness will endure. Because of Louis Stokes’ stay-ing power, I make it a practice to never praise the one hit wonders. Such ephemeral leaders are like the meteors that flash across the heavens, just long enough to announce the dark oblivion into which they soar. I, perhaps like many of you, prefer stars that don’t burn out so quickly. Lou’s star still shines. 
There are millions of things that do not 
last. Such things are magnificent for a mo-ment, and then like a mighty gust of wind, 
they’re gone. The majority of men and women who served in Congress served and never left a trace. Deft winds hold no such victory over Louis Stokes. He was a man of good works. Remember, good works are in-spired by God, and receptive to his people. Eternal life is the fruitage of good works. Yes I’m saying that if Lou Stokes is not in heaven, most of us can forget about it. I’m not a preacher, or a theologian, so I can’t present a picture of Lou in heaven—but in the vernacular of the House of Representa-tives—the gentleman from Ohio has been ap-pointed to an unknown committee, holding hearings in an unknown location, but orches-trated by a well-known, all-knowing chair. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF GOLDEN GOOSE 
AWARD RECIPIENT, DR. CHRIS-TOPHER SMALL 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of the Golden Goose Award, which recognizes researchers whose federally fund-ed research has returned significant benefits to society. 
In particular, I rise to celebrate one of this 
year’s Golden Goose Awardees and fellow alum of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, in my district: Dr. Christopher Small. With funding from the National Science Foundation, Dr. Small, an earth scientist, and his col-league, Dr. Joel E. Cohen, a mathematical population biologist, pursued what seemed like a simple curiosity: how many people live at any given altitude on Earth? The result was the first global map of how the human popu-lation is distributed in altitude—an important factor in our exposure to risk, our human health and even how computers function. 
While Drs. Small and Cohen were particu-
larly interested in populations near coastlines, where they are at risk from natural disasters and sea-level rise, companies like Intel, Proc-tor & Gamble, and Frito-Lay have all consulted with them about populations at high altitudes. In fact, Dr. Small got what he calls the ‘‘big-gest surprise of [his] scientific career’’ when he received a phone call from Frito-Lay rep-resentatives, interested to learning if there was a sufficient high altitude market to justify de-signing packaging that could sustain large dif-ferences in pressure from sea level up to the Rockies or the Himalayas. 
Beyond working with industry to examine 
the potential of high altitude markets, the two have worked with biomedical researchers and public health professionals to help them un-derstand the magnitude of altitude-related im-pacts on human health. 
Without federal support, Drs. Small and 
Cohen may never have had the incentive to pursue their curiosity and develop game- changing insights into how the human popu-lation is distributed—insights that inform every-thing from microchip manufacturing to food production and packaging and from biomedical research to the treatment of human disease. 
I rise today to congratulate my fellow Badg-
er in receiving this important recognition and applaud those supporting the Golden Goose Award which continues to highlight the impor-tance of federal investments in research. These investments help grow our economy 
and improve the quality of our life and future generations. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BERNARD 
T. GATES, JR. 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemo-
rate the life of a special man from Kentucky’s Sixth District, Bernard T. ‘‘Bud’’ Gates, Jr. Mr. Gates was a successful business owner and a leader in the automotive industry. 
Mr. Gates was born in 1924 in Indianapolis, 
Indiana. He graduated from Indiana University, where he played football. Mr. Gates served his country as a member of the United States Army Air Corps. He was a well-known and successful race car driver. He was also a local television personality in Indianapolis. 
Mr. Gates began his automotive career at 
the age of ten when he began working at his father’s Chrysler-DeSoto dealership. He went on to own and operate Bud Gates Chrysler, Bud Gates Chevytown, one of the largest General Motors dealerships in the midwest, and Bud Gates Toyota, Indiana’s first Toyota dealership. He was most recently an associate with his son Steve Gates at Toyota South in Richmond, Kentucky. Gates served on the Na-tional Automobile Dealers Councils for Chrys-ler, Chevrolet, and Toyota. 
Bud Gates was a leader in the automotive 
industry and a great American. He died on September first. He will be deeply missed, es-pecially by his daughter and two sons, his grandchildren, and his great grandchildren. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RAMER SCHOOL 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, James A. 
Garfield said that ‘‘Next in importance to free-dom and justice is education, without which neither freedom nor justice can be main-tained’’. Even though President Garfield’s presidency was short, he proclaimed the value of and set standards for better education in our nation. Being a former teacher he valued the public education system. 
A strong education base in Elementary, Mid-
dle and High School is essential for contin-uous growth. Educators, students, and com-munities who accomplish academic achieve-ment and growth should be recognized. I am honored to congratulate Ramer School for being named a ‘‘Reward School’’ for the 2014–15 academic school year. To be one of only 5% in the state and one of only six in rural west Tennessee to achieve this status is an accomplishment for any school. And to make it more newsworthy, this is the second time in four years for Ramer to receive this award. We celebrate the hard work and dedi-cation of your students, teachers, parents, and administrators. 
Ramer School, you are building a great 
foundation in the lives of future contributing adults. I congratulate you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16SE8.016 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1291 September 16, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO MAXINE LYON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Maxine Lyon on her retirement as the organist at the First United Presbyterian Church in Atlantic, Iowa. Maxine recently retired after serving over 66 years as the church organist. 
Maxine directed the children’s choir, adult 
choir and bell choir for many years. She is well known in the Atlantic area for performing with other area musicians and accompanying community choirs. Maxine taught piano les-sons for 40 years primarily to advanced stu-dents. After graduating from Parsons College in 1939, she began a distinguished career teaching music in several different school dis-tricts. Maxine and her husband, Walt, moved to Atlantic in 1948 and raised two daughters, Pat and Judy. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate 
Maxine for her many years of dedicated and devoted service to the First United Pres-byterian Church and to the Atlantic commu-nity. I am proud to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Maxine and wish her and her family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING STEVEN HALL 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
acknowledge and honor Patterson Fire De-partment and West Stanislaus Fire District Chief Steven Hall, who announced his retire-ment after serving 25 years in Patterson. 
Chief Hall’s career in firefighting started in 
1990 when he came on as a volunteer fire-fighter. He worked full-time at Costco through-out his 11-year tenure as a volunteer for the Patterson and West Stanislaus fire depart-ments. During that time, he took emergency medical technician training, served as an engi-neer and became the local training officer. In 1998, Hall became the area’s first sworn-in arson investigator, which was still a volunteer position at the time. 
During Steven’s 11 years as a volunteer 
firefighter, he was also earning an education. He obtained his associate’s degree in fire science from Modesto Junior College and, shortly after, attained his bachelor’s degree in occupational studies from CSU Long Beach. Through the Grand Canyon University in Ari-zona, Steven earned a master’s degree in leadership, with an emphasis in emergency preparedness and executive fire leadership. 
In 2001, Hall finally accepted a paid position 
with the Patterson Fire Department as the Fire Marshall/Division Chief. At that time, then- Chief Richard Gaiser, Division Chief James Kinnear, and Hall were the only career staff of the West Stanislaus district and Patterson Fire. The Patterson department later doubled in size in 2005 when Mike Ambrosino and Mi-chael McLaughlin joined as the first career 
firefighters. 
In 2011, Steven was promoted to Fire Chief. 
As Chief, he helped guide the department from a fully volunteer organization to one that now has both career and volunteer men and women. His priority as chief has been per-sonnel development as well as establishing a new way of promoting the men and women from within the department. Under Chief Hall, Patterson Fire Department has seen many ad-vances such as its first strategic plan which in-stituted a community emergency response team and fire prevention programs, all while staying under budget for the last four years. With the advancements and improvements of the Patterson Fire Department, the city’s pub-lic protection classification has been reduced from a Class-4 to a Class-2, with a Class-1 being the best, by the Insurance Services Of-fice. 
Chief Hall may be resigning from the Patter-
son Fire Department but his career is far from over. He has accepted the assistant fire chief position at the Central Fire Protection District in Santa Cruz County. This move will give him and his wife April, the opportunity to spend more time with their children and new grand-child. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and 
commending the outstanding contributions made to the Patterson Fire Department and West Stanislaus Fire District by Chief Steven Hall and hereby wish him continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO INTERSTATE 35 
TELEPHONE COMPANY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Inter-state 35 Telephone Company of Truro, Iowa. The company has reached an important mile-stone this year and I join them in celebrating their 50th anniversary of providing commu-nication services to Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District. 
The Interstate 35 Telephone Company was 
incorporated in 1965 when Dale Mauer repur-chased the Truro exchange from Continental Telephone Company. In 1965, St. Charles was added to the exchange, and in 1970, St. Mary’s was added. Changes have been con-stant in this company since then as digital service, cable services and cell phone tech-nology has improved. As a result, the number of employees has increased from 6 in 1980, to over 50 today. In many of the small towns they serve, the telephone company is one of the main businesses and a hub for a number of community projects. 
Mr. Speaker, it’s an honor to represent 
Interstate 35 Telephone Company and its hard working employees in the United States Con-gress. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on their 50th anniversary and wish them nothing but continued success. HONORING AND CELEBRATING 
JAZZ LEGEND LUQMAN HAMZA ON HIS 84TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, the 1930s and 
1940s produced the names of jazz legends like Count Basie, Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, Dizzy Gillespie, and Mary Lou Williams, who either began their careers or played in Kansas City’s storied 18th & Vine District, which I proudly represent. Among those legends was Luqman Hamza, who honed his musical skill listening and playing alongside these extraor-dinary musicians. 
Originally born in St. Louis, Missouri on 
September 15, 1931, Hamza’s mother passed away when he was only 6 years old. He was blessed to have been raised by foster parents, Isaiah and Elizabeth Cummings, a Christian minister and his wife, in Kansas City, Missouri. Hamza once related how impactful his foster father was, comparing his life to a history book. Cummings’ father had been a slave and his mother a Native American Indian, which helped shape Hamza during his formative years. 
Hamza grew up in Kansas City’s 18th and 
Vine District, surrounded by music. Just a stone’s throw away lived Charlie Parker and dozens of clubs were located within the dis-trict’s six-block area. Hamza began singing for pocket change around his home when he was only a young child. From age 11 until he was 17, Hamza studied voice and piano under the Reverend John S. Williams. Williams, a min-ister and choir director at the Bethel Church, was also a music teacher at Lincoln High School and is known to have helped educate many of Kansas City’s finest musicians. At the age of 12, Hamza, along with boyhood friends Sonny Kenner, Lucky Wesley and various other artists, formed a group known as the Four Steps and later renamed to the Five Aces. This group would play at several clubs in the 18th and Vine District, including Scott’s Theater and the Chez Paris. The young band won a statewide high school talent contest in 1948, which allowed them to play on the Bob Hope show at Municipal Auditorium Music Hall. They would also land a live radio broad-cast on KIMO every Sunday for several weeks. Hamza co-wrote his first chart-hitting release, When You Surrender, with Ted Battaglia when he was only 19 years old. 
Hamza’s experiences included playing with 
Charlie Parker when he was in town, and later with Miles Davis. By 1954, Hamza would ven-ture out of Kansas City to continue his profes-sional development. He returned to St. Louis, where he found work at the Glass Bar and the Toast of the Town. He then moved on to Chi-cago, where he thrived while the jazz scene was at its zenith. He lived and ‘‘gigged’’ in Chicago for over a decade, playing at numer-ous established clubs, such as the Black Or-chid and the Playboy Club. 
Although Hamza was raised in a Christian 
household, he began to explore Islam while in Chicago and became a Muslim in the mid 1960’s. He grew up with the name of Larry Cummings, but adopted the name Luqman Hamza during this time. He held that name in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.005 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1292 September 16, 2015 
great reverence, as it held personal signifi-
cance and he felt it should be treated with re-spect and honor. The name Luqman was mentioned in the Quran as the wise man, and the name Hamza was that of the Prophet Mo-hammad’s uncle. 
In 1971, Hamza returned to Kansas City to 
raise his own family. His music career would continue to thrive as he became the featured performer at Kansas City’s Playboy Club until it closed a few years later. Hamza continued to play around Kansas City at various clubs until he ventured to St. Louis in 1992, before returning to Kansas City just five years later. 
In 2000, at the age of 69, Hamza released 
two nationally acclaimed recordings, With this Voice and When a Smile Overtakes a Frown, which received strong praise. Hamza was honored with the American Jazz Museum Life-time Achievement Award in 2008 when they highlighted his work with the Five Aces, amongst other achievements. 
In addition to a successful personal career, 
Hamza has also committed himself to men-toring and tutoring future musicians at his alma mater, Lincoln High School. He still per-forms regularly, oftentimes in a quartet that in-cludes his lovely wife and songstress, Raynola. Hamza once commented, ‘‘I love music, and it doesn’t matter to me about being no star. I’m blessed to be at my age and be able to sing, play and make people enjoy, that makes you rich.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, please join me and our col-
leagues in honoring and celebrating Mr. Luqman Hamza on his 84th Birthday for a life-time of devotion to the melodies of jazz His music, his voice, his teachings have served as inspiration to generations of artists and peace-ful enjoyment for the thousands who have lis-tened to him. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SUPER-
INTENDENT QUINTON LEE MAR-SHALL SR. ON HIS PASTORAL RETIREMENT 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Supt. Quinton L. Marshall Sr. on his pastoral retirement after 25 years of serv-ice. 
Supt. Marshall was born and raised in Flint, 
Michigan. In 1975, he graduated from Flint Southwestern High School. For decades after, he has been an authority for the improvement of those in his community. In 1990, he found-ed New Life Tabernacle Ministries. In 1997, Supt. Marshall married his lovely wife, Mis-sionary Queen Esther Marshall. 
In 2006, Supt. Marshall was elected presi-
dent of Genesee County Church of God in Christ Alliance. Under his leadership, the GCCA continued to build upon the foundational principals of having a central hub to exchange information, enhance churches fellowship, and to address the social needs and issues concerning parishioners and the community within the Genesee County area. 
Supt. Marshall had a vision to bring eco-
nomic development to Flint and thus started the Genesee County Black Business Expo. It originated as an annual Black History Month 
event to connect area entrepreneurs. This February, the fourth annual Genesee County Black Business Expo attracted an estimated 600 to 700 people and showcased 63 busi-nesses. 
Additionally, Supt. Marshall is a proud fa-
ther, grandfather, an accomplished athlete and business man, author, singer and songwriter, organist, voice for the community in political circles and respected leader amongst his Cler-gy brethren. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Supt. Quinton L. 
Marshall Sr. and extend my deepest apprecia-tion to him for his years of service to the com-munity. 
f 
NUCLEAR DEAL WITH IRAN 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr Speaker, I rise today, 
on the fourteenth anniversary of the Sep-tember 11 th terrorist attacks, and the third an-niversary of the Benghazi attacks to join the bipartisan opposition to the president’s unveri-fiable, unenforceable, and unconscionable Iran deal. 
This deal will lift sanctions that will unleash 
billions to Iran and reward those who chant ‘‘Death to America’’—those who are the world’s leading state sponsor of terror 
In March, I signed a bipartisan letter with 
367 of my colleagues saying, ‘‘A final . . . agreement must constrain [Iran] . . . so that [it] has no pathway to a bomb . . . . 
On this floor, Republicans and Democrats 
alike have explained how this deal will lead to a nuclear Iran in a dozen to 15 years or ear-lier. 
Will a nuclear Iran make the world a safer 
place? When I spent a week in Israel in Au-gust, the answer I heard from civilian and mili-tary leaders across the political spectrum was resoundingly ‘‘NO’’ to this deal. 
Iran’s neighbors are among those most op-
posed. 
The senior Democratic Senator on the For-
eign Relations Committee has said, ‘‘If Iran is to acquire a nuclear bomb, it will not have my name on it.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to add their names to 
the bipartisan opposition to this dangerous deal with Iran. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TILLIE HEIM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Tillie Heim from the Tri-Center Varsity Cheer team, as she has been honored with the status of All-American at the Tri-Center cheer camp. 
To achieve this status, Tillie had to try out 
in front of the entire camp, demonstrating her knowledge and skill in all areas of cheer. Tillie has dedicated her time and talents to achiev-ing a single goal and I commend her for her hard work and determination. Mr. Speaker, the example set by Tillie dem-
onstrates the rewards of dedication and hard work. I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Tillie on a job well done, and wish her nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE CON-
GRESS LEADS BY EXAMPLE ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the Congress Leads by Example Act of 2015, to subject Congress and the rest of the legislative branch to the federal whistleblower and antidiscrimination laws that now protect employees in the private sector and the exec-utive branch. Congress should abide by the laws it imposes on the American people, American businesses, and others. Congress made that promise when it passed the Con-gressional Accountability Act of 1995 (CAA). 
The CAA was an important first step in mak-
ing the legislative branch accountable for its employment practices, but it did not finish the job. The CAA did bring the legislative branch under 13 major civil rights, labor and work-place safety and health laws, but it exempted the legislative branch from important notice and training provisions, and altogether omitted important substantive and administrative pro-tections. 
The Congress Leads by Example Act of 
2015 is a necessary follow-up bill to our 2010 investigation concerning staff complaints of conditions at the Capitol Visitor Center (CVC) and to the ongoing recommendations from the Office of Compliance (OOC), which found a gap in OOC’s authority to enforce the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 (OSHA) provisions against the legislative branch. In the 111th Congress, as chair of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Manage-ment, I held a hearing examining claims by OOC, which was created by the CAA, of an estimated 6,300 safety hazards in the U.S. Capitol complex, as well as complaints by CVC tour guides that they were compelled to work in uniforms that were inappropriate for outdoor work in the summer and winter, and that there were limits placed on their water consumption. Our hearing demonstrated that many of the serious safety hazards in the Capitol complex had been resolved, and the Architect of the Capitol testified and offered evidence that it was continuing to correct the outstanding hazards with due speed. Eventu-ally, the formation of a union with AFSCME Local 658 by CVC tour guides, aided by our hearings, helped speed up specific improve-ments in uniform and water consumption prac-tices and policies. 
However, in its annual report for fiscal year 
2014, OOC identified additional provisions of federal workplace laws and standards that should be applicable to the legislative branch. OOC’s recommendations include laws that grant the OOC General Counsel subpoena 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.008 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1293 September 16, 2015 
power, provide whistleblowers with protection 
from retaliation, and require the maintenance of employment records. The OOC report pre-sents the successes and shortcomings of the CAA by tracking the trends in legislative branch employee complaints and workplace safety hazards in fiscal year 2014. This bill takes into account the OOC report, and seeks to both apply the standard of fairness to em-ployees in the legislative branch that Congress requires for other employees and to provide a safer work environment for Congress, Capitol Hill employees, and visitors by bringing the legislative branch in line with the legal require-ments of private sector employers and the ex-ecutive branch. 
Legislative branch employees have no way 
to report misuse of federal funds and other violations without fear of retaliation. This bill provides general whistleblower protections, and makes applicable additional OSHA provi-sions to the legislative branch, including pro-viding subpoena authority to OOC to conduct inspections and investigations into OSHA vio-lations, and requiring the posting of notices in workplaces detailing employee rights to a safe workplace under OSHA. 
This bill also furthers the CAA’s mission to 
prevent discrimination in legislative branch of-fices by prohibiting the legislative branch from making adverse employment decisions on the basis of an employee’s wage garnishment or involvement in bankruptcy proceedings pursu-ant to the Consumer Credit Protection Act (CCPA) and Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy code. This bill requires legislative branch em-ployers to provide their employees with notice of their rights and remedies under the CAA anti-discrimination provisions through the placement of signage in offices highlighting relevant anti-discrimination laws, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Age Discrimina-tion in Employment Act. This bill also requires legislative branch offices to provide training to employees about their CAA rights and rem-edies. Adding the CCPA and bankruptcy provi-sions will deter economic discrimination, while the notice and training provisions will empower legislative branch employees with full knowl-edge of their rights. 
Finally, this bill bolsters the CAA’s record-
keeping requirements. It extends to the legis-lative branch the obligation to maintain accu-rate records of safety information and em-ployee injuries, as otherwise required by OSHA, as well as employee records nec-essary to administer anti-discrimination laws. The enhanced recordkeeping requirements will facilitate better enforcement of laws. 
By passing this bill, Congress will help re-
store the trust of the public in this institution by redoubling our efforts to exercise leadership by example. I urge bipartisan support for this important measure. CONGRATULATING THE NEW JERU-
SALEM GOSPEL BAPTIST CHURCH AND THE INSPIRA-TIONAL VOICES OF NEW JERU-SALEM ON THEIR 50TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing The New Jerusalem Full Gospel Baptist Church and the Inspirational Voices of New Jerusalem on the occasion of their 50th anniversary. 
New Jerusalem is renowned in the City of 
Flint for its history of perseverance in the face of tragedy and its contributions to the Flint community throughout the last 50 years. 
On October 15, 1965, a council of men and 
women met at the home of Rev. L.W. Owens to organize a new Baptist Church in the city of Flint. Seven days later, they began their mis-sion at 1033 E. York Street, where people from all walks, talents and gifts began to join the congregation. 
In December 1967, seeing the need for fu-
ture expansion, the membership relocated to 1024 Holtslander Avenue with a membership of 350. Throughout the following thirteen years, the church opened three additional buildings to welcome hundreds more members to service throughout the week. 
In July 1991, with membership flourishing 
over two thousand, New Jerusalem’s edifice was destroyed by a fire. Over $650,000 in damages was done, but the congregation was not deterred. By the following Sunday, serv-ices were relocated to C.A.R.E. Inc. while the church was rebuilt. 
The membership decided to take this trag-
edy and create an opportunity to benefit their community. They constructed a new edu-cational center/fellowship hall and founded ‘‘Operation Blessing’’ to provide clothing and food for the needy on the site of the burned- out facility. 
For five decades as of October, New Jeru-
salem has worked tirelessly to help those in the community most in need. Residents in the area have come to rely on the church for their contributions to the Soup Kitchen, scholarship funds, and other service projects. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the tenacity of The 
New Jerusalem Full Gospel Baptist Church and the Inspirational Voices of New Jerusalem and thank them for the service they have pro-vided to the City of Flint and surrounding com-munities. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. TAL 
ESLICK 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Tal Jimy Eslick for his service to my of-fice and the 21st Congressional District of California over the past three years. 
Mr. Eslick was born in Spokane, Wash-
ington to parents Tal and Candice Eslick. After moving to Clovis, California as a child and at-
tending Buchanan High School, Mr. Eslick went on to receive his Bachelor of Arts from California State University, Fresno in 2006. While attending Fresno State, he developed an interest in politics and began volunteering on local campaigns. He also spent a summer in Washington, D.C. as a Congressional in-tern. After earning his Bachelor’s Degree, Mr. Eslick began working for Congressman D
EVIN 
NUNES as a Field Representative and, later, as 
District Director. 
In April of 2012, Mr. Eslick adopted a six- 
year old cat named Mason. On May 25, 2013, Mr. Eslick married Rachel Azevedo. They cur-rently reside in Clovis, California. 
Mr. Eslick has been a member of my team 
since 2010, first as my Chief of Staff in the California State Assembly and now as my Chief of Staff in the United States House of Representatives. He brought a wealth of legis-lative experience and professionalism to my team and has been a very dependable and re-sourceful advisor and friend. Throughout his career, Mr. Eslick has been an invaluable asset to Team Valadao and the people of the Central Valley. 
In February 2015, Mr. Eslick returned to 
Fresno State in pursuit of a Master’s in Busi-ness Administration for Executives. 
On September 27, 2015, Mr. Eslick’s time in 
my office will come to an end. Mr. Eslick will be moving on to a new chapter of his life. While I know he is very excited about this op-portunity, he will be greatly missed as a mem-ber of my team. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Tal Eslick for his pub-lic service to the people of the Central Valley and wishing him well in this next chapter of his life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RILEY LONSDALE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Riley Lonsdale of Greenfield for receiving a state 4– H communication project award. Riley is the daughter of Martin and Maureen Lonsdale. 
A state 4–H project award is the highest 
achievement one can receive in the 4–H project work category. Project awards are given to youth who demonstrate leadership, communication, and volunteerism in certain project areas. A total of 152 youth from 55 counties competed for these project awards on the state level. Achieving this honor is a true testament to Riley’s perseverance and dedication to serve others, and I commend her for her hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, Riley’s actions embody the 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Riley on her achievement and I wish her and her family nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.012 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1294 September 16, 2015 
HONORING MRS. CAROLYN FISH 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mrs. Carolyn Fish, who has spent her life as a vocal advocate for women in Rock-land County, New York. 
Carolyn’s activism began in the 1970s when 
she attended an early planning meeting for the Rockland County Chapter of the National Or-ganization for Women (NOW). She helped or-ganize Rockland NOW’s first conference at Rockland Community College, a pivotal mo-ment in the growth of the women’s rights movement in the county. Following the con-ference Carolyn continued to organize and plan events highlighting women’s issues, eventually becoming vice president of Rock-land NOW in 1977. 
Since 1978 Carolyn has been the Executive 
Director of the Rockland Family Shelter (RFS), leading its growth from a small shelter to a full-service violence and sexual assault agen-cy. The shelter provides residential and non- residential services that encompass all the needs of survivors of domestic violence and sexual assault. Under her leadership, RFS has fouced on addressing oppression and inte-grating awareness of racism and sexism to better meet the needs of the women and chil-dren RFS serves. 
During her tenure RFS has received numer-
ous awards, including the Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Community Service in 1985, the Distinguished Housing Award from the State of New York in 1986, and the Pinnacle Award for Outstanding Achievement by a Non-Profit Organization from the Rockland Business As-sociation in 2004. 
Carolyn has also lectured throughout the 
nation on the causes and effects of domestic violence and has served on a statewide task force to develop the New York State Domestic Violence Policies for Counties, the New York State Crime Victims’ Board Advisory Council, and the New York State Coalition Against Do-mestic Violence. For her hard work and dedi-cation, she has received numerous awards and honors, including the Oustanding Victim Advocate Award from the New York State Crime Victims Board in 1999, and a Women of Distinction Award from the New York State Senate, also in 1999. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. 
Carolyn Fish for her lifetime of work on behalf of women in Rockland County, New York, and across the country. I urge my colleagues to join me in applauding her achievements. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DR. 
THOMAS S. FOSTER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemo-
rate the life of a very special man from Lex-ington, Kentucky. Dr. Thomas S. Foster was a pharmacy educator and a pioneer in pharma-cology research. 
Dr. Foster earned his Doctor of Pharmacy 
degree from the University of Kentucky’s Col-lege of Pharmacy in 1973. He had a long and 
successful career at the University of Ken-tucky. Dr. Foster served as a Professor of Pharmacy, where he inspired generations of pharmacy students who have gone on to be successful in their profession. He motivated students to achieve more than they thought possible. Dr. Foster’s clinical pharmacy re-search involved investigational drugs and drug administration systems. His research efforts led to the development of numerous products that improved the health of Americans and others around the world. 
Dr. Foster served in many professional or-
ganizations, including the American Associa-tion of Colleges of Pharmacy, the American Pharmacists Association, and the United States Pharmacopeial Convention. Foster chaired Kentucky’s Drug Formulary Council, the Drug Management Review Board, and the Kentucky Board of Pharmacy. He was a con-sultant to the U.S. Food and Drug Administra-tion as well as the Office of Human Research Protection of the U.S. Department of Health 
and Human Services. He was elected to fel-lowship in the American Pharmacists Associa-tion, the American College of Clinical Pharma-cology, and the American College of Clinical Pharmacology. 
Dr. Foster and his wife Marijo had a daugh-
ter, a son, and six grandchildren. Dr. Foster contributed greatly to the pharmacy profes-sion. He loved his work and left a legacy of education and research. The many accom-plishments of Dr. Thomas S. Foster are re-nowned and he will be greatly missed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONOR FLIGHT 
OF OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the 27 World War II veterans from Or-egon who will be visiting their memorial this Saturday in Washington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to our nation’s capital. 
The veterans on this flight from Oregon are 
as follows: Robert E. Corey, Army, Robert P. Hamilton, Army; Edward N. Kaser Jr., Army; Fred A. Puckett, Army; Harold V. Werner, Army; Victor T. Zeller, Army; Harold F. Barger, Army Air Forces; Perry L. Peterson, Army Air Forces; Edgar F. Pomeroy, Army Air Forces; John L. Weakland, Army Air Forces; Fred H. Thornberg, Coast Guard; James O. Catt, Navy; Charles W. Filipowicz, Navy; Frederick L. Hisaw, Navy; John F. Martin Jr., Navy; Alva Q. Mizer, Navy; Marshall E. Scott, Navy; John F. Spring, Navy; Joseph M. Stone, Navy; Mar-tin G. Tonissen, Navy; Dean M. Wilcox, Navy; Donald A. Yeamans, Navy; Mary R. Yeamans, Navy; S. Tony Zarbano, Navy; Jack R. Merkle, Marine Corps; Charles F. Paul, Marine Corps; and William E. Robinson, Marine Corps. 
These 27 heroes join the estimated 20,000– 
25,000 veterans who will travel to Washington DC from their home states in 2015, adding to the 138,800 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volun-teers nationwide since 2005. 
I would also like to recognize the twelve es-
corts traveling on this trip who have also served our country: Steven N. Barger, Army; 
William L. Daniels, Army; Lloyd Frasier, Army; Anthony L. Zarbano, Army; John D. Filipowicz, Coast Guard; Aaron L. Tonissen, Coast Guard; Jeffrey H. Weakland, Marine Corps; Edwin A. Montgomery, National Guard; Allan A. Auge, Navy; Robert L. Hamilton, Navy; Daniel M. Lowe, Navy; and Robert E. Walker, Navy. 
Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the 
courage of these brave Americans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in de-fense of the freedoms we have today. 
My colleagues, please join me in thanking 
these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CARLISLE 
BELTS ON THE SALE OF ITS ONE BILLIONTH POWER TRANS-MISSION BELT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate auto part manufacturer, Carlisle Belts of Springfield, Missouri, on reaching the mile-stone sale of its one billionth power trans-mission belt. 
As a staple of Springfield since 1959, this is 
not only a triumph for Carlisle, but for the en-tire community. Each of its belts is American made and represents a dedicated team of en-gineers, technicians, and craftsmen that take pride in their product. This rare achievement represents the sound efficiency of Carlisle em-ployees through more than five decades, and is an example of exemplary hard work—com-monplace among the people of southwest Mis-souri. 
On September 26th, Carlisle will celebrate 
this momentous occasion with festivities for workers—current and retired—and their fami-lies. It is my pleasure to help recognize Car-lisle for this great achievement and wish its workers a joyous and well-earned celebration of their success. By creating jobs, delivering top-class products, and exhibiting exemplary work ethic for more than 50 years, Carlisle and its manufacturing team have made south-west Missouri a better place to live. It makes me proud to serve them, and all of Missouri’s Seventh Congressional District. 
f 
CELEBRATING NANCY BOSTON 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the vision, leadership, and quarter century of political activism of Nancy Boston of Bell County, TX. Her dedication to both her nation and her Party are no small part of the reason the Lone Star State is friendly territory for Republicans. 
Political parties thrive off the efforts of dedi-
cated volunteers and individuals who take time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.016 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1295 September 16, 2015 
from their busy lives to devote themselves to 
a larger cause. It’s rarely glamorous work. Party soldiers stuff envelopes, walk door-to- door for candidates, and devote long hours in the most elemental parts of the electoral proc-ess. Through the years, Nancy has never shied away from this hard work and was al-ways ready to help. 
Like many Republicans, Nancy’s political 
fires we’re ignited during Barry Goldwater’s 1964 presidential campaign. But it was during the aftermath of Watergate that Nancy took her committed activism to a new level by be-coming a part of the Central Texas Republican Women’s Club where she wore many hats and became an indispensible part of that crit-ical organization. Over the years, she’s pro-vided excellent service in a variety of elected and appointed positions. Elected Chair of the Bell County Republican Party in 1990, Nancy has shepherded that organization into a posi-tion of prominence in both Texas and the Na-tion. 
Nancy has been a mentor and role model to 
other activists and leads the Party with dedica-tion, honesty, and integrity. Her wisdom and experience have been relied upon countless times and she’s always been a source of sound guidance and leadership. 
Some people live an entire lifetime and 
wonder if they have made a difference in the world; Nancy Boston doesn’t have that prob-lem. I join her family, friends, and colleagues in saluting her great work and wish her noth-ing but the best in the years ahead. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FLORENCE NOLTE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Florence Nolte on the celebration of her 100th birthday. Ms. Nolte celebrated her 100th birthday on July 17th, 2015 in Stuart, Iowa. 
Our world has changed a great deal during 
the course of Ms. Nolte’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones, and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet Communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Ms. Nolte has lived through seventeen United States Presidents and twenty-four Governors of Iowa. In her life-time, the population of the United States has more than tripled. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ms. 
Nolte in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Ms. Nolte on reaching this in-credible milestone, and wishing her continued health and happiness in the years to come. OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,061,535,754.50. We’ve 
added $7,524,184,486,841.42 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING MEMORIAL 
TABERNACLE CHURCH 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Memorial Tabernacle Church, located in Oak-land, California upon its 90th Anniversary as a strong religious pillar in the East Bay commu-nity. 
Memorial Tabernacle Church was founded 
in 1925 by Bishop Judge & Sarah King, a married couple from Louisiana. They moved to California in search of a better life, free from prejudice. The church was established in a two-story house on Seventh Street in West Oakland. Despite the area’s reputation, Bishop Judge and Sarah preached in all areas of the community, including street corners and in front of bars. 
To accommodate their growing numbers, 
the congregation moved to a larger building in West Oakland. But in 1960, the United States Postal Service purchased several blocks of land and property on Seventh Street to build the main Post Office before finally moving to their current home in North Oakland. 
Following the passing of Bishop Judge in 
1945, his son, Bishop Ulysses S. King was named senior pastor. Bishop Ulysses was ac-tive in the community. He was a member of the Center for Urban Black Studies, an affiliate center of the Graduate Theological Union. He later received an honorary Doctor of Divinity. In 1972, Bishop Ulysses took the message of salvation to the cities of Lagos and Uyo, Nige-ria. In 1976, Bishop Ulysses helped establish an affiliate church in Uyo. 
Now under the leadership of Pastor Stephen 
King, Memorial Tabernacle Church has contin-ued to thrive through its various ministries in the East Bay community. The church facili-tates programs such as the Embracing Our Community, Health Ministry, and Community Garden Ministry. All of these programs are re-sponsible for maintaining contact with the community and working to serve those in need. 
Memorial Tabernacle Church also hosts 
ministries for groups of all ages and areas of need. The Young People Ministry helps edu-cate the young people about God’s Word and how to better serve their community. The Music Ministry guides people in expressing praise, prayer, and gratitude to God via musi-cal instruments, singing hymns, guest musi-
cians and soloists. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, I extend my sin-cerest congratulations to Memorial Tabernacle Church on the special occasion of its 90th an-niversary. I wish Memorial Tabernacle Church many more years of faithful and compas-sionate service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MIKE DAILEY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mike Dailey, principal at Southeast Polk Junior High School for receiving the 2015 ITAG (Iowa Tal-ented and Gifted) Administrator of the Year award. 
This honor is awarded annually to recognize 
an Iowa building-level or district office adminis-trator who supports and advances ITAG’s mis-sion in his/her school district. The organiza-tion’s mission is to ‘‘recognize, support, and respect the unique and diverse needs of tal-ented and gifted learners through advocacy, education, and networking.’’ 
Mike was nominated for this award by Lau-
rie Wyatt, Southeast Polk’s Learning Supports Coordinator. Ms. Wyatt cited Mike’s support of gifted junior high students, which is reflected in his willingness to collaborate and cooperate with other staff. He has also been a driving force behind the growth in his building’s Iowa Assessment scores. 
Mike’s tireless dedication to all junior high 
students is highly valued by Southeast Polk. His efforts exemplify the district’s priority of high academic achievement, and its vision to help students reach success in college, ca-reer, and civic life. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate 
Mike for this award and for providing the youth in Iowa’s 3rd Congressional District the edu-cation that they will need to be successful in the future. I am proud to represent him, his family and his fellow teachers and students in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mike and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING VFW POST 1294, COM-
MANDER EDDIE BRAY, AND THE LADIES AUXILIARY 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, people 
who serve their country in the military without regard for their own safety to safeguard our way of life are truly heroes. Some of these he-roes come home to continue to serve their neighbors, their communities and fellow vet-erans. Today I am pleased to congratulate and honor a group of these great heroes. 
To the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1294, 
Commander Eddie Bray, and the Ladies Auxil-iary: I am amazed at your accomplishments and pleased that you have been recognized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.020 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1296 September 16, 2015 
with the First Place status in the state of Ten-
nessee for the second consecutive year. 
Some of your other outstanding awards in-
clude: 
The post was named National Community 
Service Post for the second year 
Commander Bray was awarded the Out-
standing Recruiter of the year 
The post was awarded a plaque for 100% 
membership 
Awarded Honor Post status for exceeding 
100% membership 
Named All State and the Commander and 
Quartermaster were named Co-Captains of All State Teams 
One of only 139 out of 6,999 posts to be 
named an All American Post 
Commander Bray named All American 
Commander 
I am pleased to have the honor to congratu-
late you in person and to thank you for your continued service. 
f 
HONORING PROFESSORS WALTER 
MISCHEL, JOEL COHEN, AND CHRISTOPHER SMALL—FOR RE-CEIVING THE 2015 GOLDEN GOOSE AWARD 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor three New York scientists—Professors Walter Mischel, Joel Cohen and Christopher Small—for receiving the 2015 Golden Goose award for research within their respective fields. 
Founded in 2012, the Golden Goose Award 
recognizes researchers whose obscure, feder-ally funded research has returned significant benefits to society. This annual contest was inspired by my friend, Representative J
IM 
COOPER of Tennessee, as a way of high-
lighting the tremendous human and economic benefits of federally funded research. 
Dr. Mischel of Columbia University, in con-
junction with Drs. Philip Peake and Yuichi Shoda of Stanford University, were recognized for their ‘‘Marshmallow Test.’’ This project measures human behavior, specifically our self-control, by offering children one marsh-mallow immediately or two if they could wait just 15 minutes alone with their potential treat. The project revealed the importance of self- control and how the trait can be cultivated to appropriately teach our children. Dr. Mischel’s work was made possible by funding from the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation (NSF). 
Drs. Cohen and Small received the 2015 
Golden Goose award for their study on popu-lation densities at various altitudes. Working out of the Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory in my district, Drs. Cohen and Small devel-oped the first global map of human population distribution with respect to Earth elevation. This innovative way of looking at population density will help us understand how events such as natural disasters or sea-level rise im-pact population distribution and health. Their work was made possible by funding from the NSF. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Profes-
sors Walter Mischel, Joel Cohen and Chris-topher Small for receiving the 2015 Golden 
Goose Award. Their projects symbolize the importance of federal funding for scientific re-search and the creativity that research fosters. I urge my colleagues to join me in com-mending them for their hard work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SKYLER RAWLINGS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Skyler Rawlings of Greenfield, Iowa, for receiving a state 4–H citizenship project award. Skyler is the son of Sieanna Rawlings of Greenfield, Iowa. 
A state 4–H project award is the highest 
achievement one can receive in the 4–H project work category. Project awards are given to youth who demonstrate leadership, communication, and volunteerism in certain project areas. A total of 152 youth from 55 counties competed for these project awards on the state level. Achieving this honor is a true testament to Skyler’s dedication to serv-ing others, and I commend him for his hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, Skyler’s actions embody the 
Iowa sprit and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Skyler on his achievement and I wish him and his family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONOR FLIGHT 
OF EASTERN AND PORTLAND OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the 50 World War II veterans from Or-egon who will be visiting their memorial today in Washington, D.C. through Honor Flight of Oregon. On behalf of a grateful state and country, we welcome these heroes to the na-tion’s capital. 
The veterans on this flight from Oregon are 
as follows: Robert Bortvedt, Army; Eldon Dyer, Army; John Fellas, Army; Donald Ford, Army; RD, Sr. Fortner, Army; Clyde Harrop, Army; Donald Kiser, Army; Everett Lee, Army; Pat-rick O’Brien, Army; Lawrence Torrey, Army; Donald Bean, Army Air Forces; Donald Cresap, Army Air Forces; Harold Goff, Army Air Forces; Lawrence Kissinger, Army Air Forces; Francis Marvel, Army Air Forces; Ray-mond Morgan, Army Air Forces; Leo Morstad, Army Air Forces; James Riopelle, Army Air Forces; James Sperling, Coast Guard; Stanley Wheeler, Coast Guard; Harold Englet, Mer-chant Marines; Charles Kemph, Merchant Ma-rines/Army; Kenneth Anderson, Navy; William Birkeland, Navy; Douglas Carer, Navy; Thom-as Christman, Navy; Raynold Deluca Sr., Navy; Rupert Fixott, Navy; Donald Fowler, Navy; Ralph Grassmueck, Navy; Roland Halberg, Navy; Marvin Johnson, Navy; Robert 
Kahl, Navy; Kenneth Kerns, Navy; Harold Lay, Navy; Gerald Midbust, Navy; Clinton Peck, Navy; George Prusynski, Navy; Leo Schammel, Navy; Raymond Stahly, Navy; Earl Uptegrove, Navy; Murray Watts, Navy; Lyle Wescott, Navy; Merrill Williams, Navy; Robert Zimmerman, Navy; Joe Bruer, Marine Corps; Earle Costello, Marine Corps; Robert Miller, Marine Corps; Juanita Price, Marine Corps; and John Anderson, Navy Reserve. 
These 50 heroes join the estimated 20,000– 
25,000 veterans who will travel to Washington DC from their home states in 2015, adding to the 138,800 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volun-teers nationwide since 2005. 
Mr. Speaker, each of us is humbled by the 
courage of these soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in defense of the freedoms we have today. 
My colleagues, please join me in thanking 
these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. I especially want to recognize and thank Dick Tobiason for his tireless work as president of Honor Flight of Oregon and trip leader Erik Tobiason for his efforts. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE MONTH OF MAY 
AS SYRINGOMYELIA AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize May as Syringomyelia Awareness Month, with the hope that increased aware-ness of this disease will bring improved care to individuals bravely battling the disease and a cure. 
Syringomyelia is a progressive disease of 
the spinal cord and has no known cure at this time. Thousands of men, women and children all over the world are affected by Syringomyelia and they can suffer from chron-ic severe pain, widespread symptoms, paral-ysis and even death. It is imperative that we educate the public and medical communities in order to find a cure for this disease. 
I ask all my colleagues to join me and all 
those impacted with this rare disease, not just today but every day, in the mission to educate the world about Syringomyelia. With more re-search on the disease and developments of treatments and even a cure, we can decrease mortality for individuals all over the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CALVIN AND KAREN 
LARSEN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Calvin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.025 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1297 September 16, 2015 
and Karen Larsen of Underwood on the very 
special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. Calvin and Karen were married in 1965 and are lifelong residents of Southwest Iowa. 
Calvin and Karen’s commitment to each 
other, their children, Nancy and Lind, as well as their grandchildren truly embodies their Iowa values. I congratulate this devoted cou-ple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occa-sion. I wish them and their family all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING THE WORLD WAR II HE-
ROES OF LISTER-KNOWLTON POST 9389 VETERANS OF FOR-EIGN WARS IN CARIBOU, MAINE 
HON. BRUCE POLIQUIN 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I’m honored by 
the opportunity to acknowledge the great sac-rifices made by our World War II heroes of Lister-Knowlton Post 9389 Veterans of Foreign Wars in Caribou and our Veterans throughout Maine’s Second District. This commemoration celebrates a monumental victory for the United States these brave Americans helped achieve. Our World War II Veterans changed the world by answering the ultimate call of duty in de-fense of freedom and democracy. 
I’m humbled by the opportunity to honor and 
thank all of our brave Maine Veterans who helped achieve this immeasurable triumph. Your immortal accomplishments will continue to inspire Maine generations to come. 
I stand with your fellow Mainers in thanks 
for all that you have given to our Country. We will never forget your bravery. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE DONNA SMALLWOOD ACTIVITIES CEN-TER & PARMA OFFICE ON AGING 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Donna Smallwood Activities Center and Office on Aging in Parma, Ohio. The agency celebrates its 50th birthday today. 
In 1965 the Parma 60+ Club began meeting 
weekly. Parma Jaycees wives volunteered to coordinate activities led by Donna Smallwood. Donna Smallwood was later hired as the first director when the City of Parma decided to in-crease services in 1968. Five years later, in 1973, the Sixty Plus Center opened in the newly expanded Memorial Hall with services and activities five days a week. 1973 also marked the founding of the Parma Office on Aging to address the needs of Parma’s older adults through an array of supportive services. Finally, in 1991 the Center’s current building was constructed. City officials christened the 
building in 2009 as the Donna Smallwood Ac-tivities Center & Parma Office on Aging. 
Over 6,000 members belong to the Center. 
Though primarily for Parma residents, the agency also serves older adults in any com-munity in the region, with partnerships devel-oped with the nearby cities of Parma Heights and Seven Hills. 
From its small beginnings to the thousands 
of people served today, the Donna Smallwood Activities Center & Parma Office on Aging has become an integral part of both people’s lives and the community in Parma. Focused always on offering a warmhearted and cheery place to meet, learn, be entertained and find help, the Donna Smallwood Activities Center & Parma Office on Aging is truly a home away from home for area seniors. We commend the caring service of its directors and staff both past and present, congratulate its membership on achieving this milestone birthday, and look forward to the future. 
I am pleased to join the membership of the 
Donna Smallwood Activities Center & Parma Office on Aging and the community of Parma, Ohio in celebrating this joyous occasion. On-ward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHELBY SOPER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Shelby Soper of Adair for being chosen for State 4- H Council Membership for 2015–16. Shelby is the daughter of Clint and Mindy Douglas of Adair. 
State 4-H Council membership is given to 
youth who demonstrate exceptional leadership and communication skills. A total of 40 youth are chosen for this council on the state level. Achieving this honor is a true testament to Shelby’s dedication to serving others, and I commend her for her hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, Shelby’s actions embody the 
Iowa sprit and I am honored to represent her in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Shelby on this achievement and I wish her and her family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING HABITAT FOR HUMAN-
ITY OF GREATER NASHVILLE’S SUPERVISORS ON SITE 
HON. JIM COOPER 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
salute Habitat for Humanity of Greater Nash-ville’s Supervisors on Site and the impact they make on affordable housing in Nashville, Ten-nessee. 
In 1985, Nashville leaders decided to be a 
part of the extraordinary ministry of the na-tional Habitat for Humanity movement. With 
only a handful of volunteers, it often took up to a year to complete one house, but the posi-tive effects were clear and the volunteer pas-sion was unwavering. 
Now, in its 30th year of service, Habitat for 
Humanity of Greater Nashville annually com-pletes more than 30 new home construction projects in Davidson, Dickson, Cheatham and Wilson counties. This would not be possible without the dedicated corps of Habitat’s Su-pervisors on Site. 
The Supervisors on Site are not just volun-
teers who come out to swing a hammer. They are leaders who guide more than 6,000 volun-teers each year and provide hands-on training to help them build quality affordable homes alongside the Habitat Partner Families The Supervisors on Site are the spirit of the volun-teer corps and the backbone of the volunteer experience, having helped change the lives of more than 675 hardworking, low-income fami-lies through the Habitat for Humanity Home-ownership Program. 
And so, Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege today 
to salute the Habitat for Humanity of Greater Nashville’s Supervisors on Site for their dedi-cated service as champions of affordable housing. They effect true change in the lives of not just the Habitat homeowners, but the entire community. They make our district and the state of Tennessee proud. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN 
CHANDLER 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, as part of 
the ‘‘Faith it Forward’’ initiative, I recognized and became more aware of some of the out-standing work and accomplishments of people in my district. 
Today I am pleased to congratulate Mr. 
John Chandler and to personally thank him for the work he continues to do with the youth of McNairy County. 
John teaches his students to give back to 
the community and to help those in need. He organizes student prayer breakfasts, devotionals, youth camps and mission trips. At Christmas, his youth group participates in the ‘‘Shoe Box’’ ministry and usually packs over 400 boxes. He leads the youth to give, visit and serve by example. 
In addition to his community service, John 
shows tireless support for his students in their own endeavors in sports and academics, sends prayer cards and texts during tough times, surgeries and recovery, and sponsors and creates entertainment for the youth of this rural community. John is truly a servant to his community and his youth. 
‘‘I am just a servant that has answered the 
call that God has placed on my heart and pours out through my life. To Him all the glory be given.’’—John Chandler, Youth Min-ister, Selmer First Baptist Church 
Thank you, John Chandler, for continuing to 
make a difference in the lives of the youth of McNairy County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.030 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1298 September 16, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO HEATH DOWNING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Heath Downing of Creston, Iowa, for receiving a state 4–H food and nutrition project award. Heath is the son of Steve and Karen Downing of Creston. 
A state 4–H project award is the highest 
achievement one can receive in the 4–H project work category. Project awards are given to youth who demonstrate leadership, communication, and volunteerism in certain project areas. A total of 152 youth from 55 counties competed for these project awards on the state level. Achieving this honor is a true testament to Heath’s perseverance and dedication to serve others, and I commend him for his hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, Heath’s actions embody the 
Iowa sprit and I am honored to represent him in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratu-lating Heath on his achievement and I wish him and his family nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
GOLDEN GOOSE AWARD WINNER 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the Golden Goose Award, which recognizes researchers whose seemingly ob-scure, federally funded research has returned significant benefits to society. 
In particular, I rise to celebrate 2015 Golden 
Goose Awardees Drs. Walter Mischel, Philip Peake, and Yuichi Shoda for their research using the now famous Marshmallow Test. Their work—funded by the National Institutes of Health and National Science Foundation— has had a significant impact on how we under-stand human behavior, how we educate our children, and even how we save for retire-ment. 
These researchers used a simple test to 
measure pre-schoolers’ self-control, offering children one marshmallow now or two if they could wait 15 minutes alone in a room with a single marshmallow. Their research showed that how children performed on this simple, silly-sounding test correlated with the chil-dren’s future SAT scores, their propensity for obesity or drug addiction, and even the very chemistry of their brains. 
Far from a story about fixed fates, their 
study showed the importance of self-control and provided an understanding of how it can be cultivated. Our increased understanding of self-control has transformed how we teach our children and helps us recognize the potential that lies in all of us. They have helped usher in a new age of understanding of human de-velopment and behavior. Our lives are the bet-ter for it. I am proud to stand in recognition of their work. 
I also believe it is important to highlight the 
government funding that made their research possible. Basic scientific research is often mis-
understood because it may not appear to have an immediate pay off, but the research using Marshmallow Test highlights the profound im-pact it can have on our lives. We must con-tinue to invest in basic and applied scientific research if we are going to tackle the prob-lems of the 21st century. 
f 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION 
FUND 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to urge my colleagues to support reauthoriza-tion of the Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF). This crucial program has traditionally enjoyed bipartisan support and over the course of its 50-year existence has conserved iconic landscapes in every state. Investing in public parks and recreational areas is one of the most direct and effective steps we can take to ensure that future generations are able to enjoy the natural beauty of our country. 
Indeed, my public service began with a fight 
to preserve the beautiful beech-maple trees of Hart’s Woods outside of Rochester, New York. Developers had targeted this magnificent for-est for commercial development, but my neighbors and I worked together to delay their plans. Every time I return home and pass by the trees we were able to save, I am reminded of the importance of preservation. 
And, Mr. Speaker, there are few better ways 
to conserve and protect our nation’s wilder-ness and environment than by supporting the LWCF. Since its creation during the Johnson Administration, the LWCF has preserved na-tional forests, recreation areas, parks, wildlife refuges, Civil War battlefields, and historic sites across our country. This program also provides matching funds to support countless state park and recreation projects. 
These investments not only directly pre-
serve our nation’s natural beauty, but also contribute to our economy. Access to open space drives economic development, boosts property values, and provides healthy outdoor recreational opportunities for residents and tourists alike. Ensuring recreational access to existing public lands for hunters, anglers, and other outdoors recreationists is one of the im-portant successes of this program and all of these activities support local economies. In my home state of New York alone, outdoor recre-ation generates $33.8 billion in consumer spending and $12.4 billion in wages and sala-ries. 
Importantly, the LWCF accomplishes all this 
at little cost to the taxpayer as the program is funded through fees paid by companies drilling offshore for oil and gas. It is hard for me to believe that this body would fail to reauthorize such a valuable program that creates so many tangible benefits at such little cost. 
I strongly support the LWCF. I urge all of 
my colleagues to ensure that the LWCF is re-authorized so that we can continue to pre-serve open spaces not only for all those who rely on these natural resources for their liveli-hood, but also for the benefit of our children and grandchildren. THE SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD 
LABELING ACT (H.R. 1599) 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, every family 
should have access to the information they need to make informed choices about the food they consume. For many consumers, under-standing what products are considered geneti-cally modified organisms (GMO) is important when buying food for their families. Unfortu-nately, right now there is no standard federal definition for GMO. Instead, a patchwork of different definitions exists, leading to confusion and misinformation. 
Consumers have the right to know how their 
food was produced and that begins with es-tablishing a consistent, standard federal defini-tion of GMO. I voted in favor of the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act (H.R. 1599) to provide families in Minnesota and across our country with the information they want. H.R. 1599 is not perfect, but it is an important first step to ensure families have safe and accu-rate labeling of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). 
For years, I fought for a standard definition 
of ‘‘gluten-free’’ products. Additionally, last year I reaffirmed my support for the U.S. De-
partment of Agriculture (USDA) national vol-untary certified ‘‘organic’’ labeling system when Congress passed the 2014 Farm Bill. This voluntary system ensures a mother buy-ing bread for her family can be confident that it is ‘‘organic’’ whether she sees this label in Minnesota or Vermont. Similarly, H.R. 1599 calls on USDA to establish a national vol-untary labeling system for ‘‘GMO-free’’ prod-ucts. I hope this federal definition and vol-untary labeling system can ultimately help us move towards nationwide mandatory labeling for GMOs. 
Finally, H.R. 1599 instructs the Food and 
Drug Administration to create a definition for the word ‘‘natural’’. This rulemaking process, which will be fully transparent and open to the public, will help clarify one of the most con-fusing terms used in food marketing today. 
The Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act 
marks the beginning, not the endpoint, of much-needed policy discussion on the reliable consumer information we all deserve. The cur-rent status quo—which does not provide con-sumers any information about GMO prod-ucts—is unacceptable for Minnesota families and farmers. Instead of settling for no stand-ard definition for GMO, I voted to continue this conversation and ensure families have access to the information they want about their food. 
Mr. Speaker, we all deserve accurate and 
safe food labels. As a nation, it is important that we continue this discussion and work to ensure that consumers have the information they need to make informed choices for them-selves and their families. 
f 
IRANIAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong op-
position to the nuclear deal with Iran that was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.036 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1299 September 16, 2015 
negotiated and endorsed by President Obama 
and sent to Congress for review. Last week, I was encouraged that House Republicans and principled Democrats voted against approval of the deal and to pass other measures requir-ing the president to provide information re-garding every aspect of the deal negotiated with Iran. 
If this deal is implemented, it will almost cer-
tainly lead to a nuclear-capable Iran in the near future. While the President insists on trusting this dangerous state sponsor of ter-rorism, he is recklessly jeopardizing the safety and security of America and our allies. 
While the House followed appropriate steps 
in response to the Iranian nuclear deal, I am disappointed that the Senate didn’t allow a vote on it at all. Certainly, an agreement of this magnitude with such dire consequences to our national security deserves a vote in both chambers. In a matter of this importance, the American people deserve to know where all their elected officials stand. 
Nevertheless, it is clear that the President 
has chosen to disregard the opinion of a bi-partisan majority of the House and the Senate, as well as the overwhelming majority of the American people, and press ahead with the ill- considered and deeply flawed agreement with Iran. The President and his allies in Congress now bear sole responsibility for the adverse consequences that the agreement will have for the United States, for our friends and our al-lies in the region and for those threatened by Iranian-sponsored terrorism around the world. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE PRE-REG-
ISTRATION OF VOTERS EVERY-WHERE (PROVE) ACT—TO EX-PAND ACCESS TO VOTER REG-ISTRATION 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, September is Na-
tional Voter Registration Month, and in honor of this occasion I am introducing legislation to allow young Americans to preregister to vote in federal elections. 
Nothing is more important to representative 
government than choosing our leaders through free and fair election. But right now too many young people are not participating in the elec-toral process. 
In the 2014 election cycle only 39 percent of 
18–24 year-olds were registered to vote. And of those, only 16 percent actually cast a ballot on Election Day. 
That is why today I am introducing the Pre- 
Registration of Voters Everywhere Act, or the PROVE Act, to allow young Americans to preregister to vote in federal elections and in-crease access to voter registration. Once these future voters are registered and in the system, they can be automatically added to the voting roles so they can vote once they turn 18. 
Already in 20 states and the District of Co-
lumbia young people are able to preregister to vote prior to the age of 18. In those states young people are more engaged and more likely to vote. 
Mr. Speaker, voting is habit forming; when 
people vote, they are likely to vote again. The PROVE Act is an effective way to engage 
young people early on and encourage lasting participation in elections. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARION ASHLEY’S 
80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to an individual whose commitment and contributions to the commu-nity of Riverside County, California are excep-tional. Riverside County has been fortunate to 
have dynamic and dedicated community lead-ers who willingly and unselfishly give their time and talent and make their communities a bet-ter place to live and work. Marion Ashley is one of these individuals. On Wednesday, Sep-tember 16, 2015, my good friend Marion Ash-ley is celebrating his 80th birthday. 
Marion Ashley is a dedicated family man. 
He has been married to his wife Mary for 54 years. Together they have six children, 19 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. As a lifelong resident of Riverside County, Marion has had an extensive and decorated career of public service working tirelessly to improve the lives of his fellow citizens and local communities. 
After years working in the private sector in 
both real estate and accounting, Marion start-ed his journey of public service by serving as a Riverside Planning Commissioner in 1973. He then brought his talents over to the East-ern Municipal Water District when he was elected in 1992. In 2002, he was elected to Riverside County Board of Supervisors where he has been serving for the past 13 years. While overseeing the 5th District in Riverside County, Marion has worked to enact public policy for the 2.3 million people he serves and manages a $4.7 billion budget. 
Marion has brought his expertise over the 
years to four very crucial areas of public policy in the state of California including water, jobs, transportation, and forward planning. His hard work and dedication has not been unnoticed by the communities he serves and his peers. Marion is the only County Supervisor that has had the honor of being chosen as the Chair-man of the Board of Supervisors, the Western Riverside Council of Governments, and the Coachella Valley Association of Governments. 
In addition to his many years of public serv-
ice to the Riverside County community, Marion and his family have donated hundreds of acres of land in the hills close to the city of Perris, California to become a permanent na-ture preserve. 
I am proud to call Marion a close friend, fel-
low community member and great American. And today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating him on the celebration of his 80th birthday. CONGRATULATING SPENCER 
ROBARGE ON HIS 2015 U.S. BOWL-ING CONGRESS JUNIOR GOLD CHAMPIONSHIP NATIONAL TITLE 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Spencer Robarge of Springfield, Mis-souri on winning the 2015 United States Bowl-ing Congress Junior Gold Championship Na-tional Title for the 12-and-under class. 
Nearly 3,200 bowlers played in the 2015 
Junior Gold Championships this year. Spencer outscored a rival from New York State, 390– 332, to take the gold. He won his class’ com-petition at age 12, about a decade after rolling his first bowling ball down the lane at age two. He walked away from the competition with not only a win, but ranked third nationally in the Under 12 boys scratch division. He has also won a prize at every tournament he has played to-date this year. 
Years of practice and experience has led 
him to out-bowl the competition and roll faster toward success. I have no doubt Spencer is a bowler to watch as he strikes his way to the top and toward the big leagues. I am proud to have young people with such bright futures in Missouri’s Seventh District. 
f 
HONORING HENRY J. CAMOSSE, 
JR. FOR HIS YEARS OF SERVICE TO WORCESTER AND CONGRATU-LATING HIM ON HIS ROLE AS GRAND MARSHAL OF THE 2015 WORCESTER COLUMBUS DAY PA-RADE 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Henry J. Camosse, Jr., who will be the Grand Marshal of the Columbus Day Pa-rade in Worcester, Massachusetts and hon-ored as the Outstanding Italian. 
Henry has been a pillar of the Worcester 
community and is a true family man. He is the oldest of six siblings and has three sons with his wife, Pamela Anne. Growing up, Henry and his family would always have spaghetti and even though his mother was Polish, the recipe was Italian. His grandfather was origi-nally from Fano, Italy and came to the U.S. in the 1900s with his brother, Leo, and his sister, Grace. 
One of the proudest traditions of Henry’s 
family is Camosse Masonry Supplies, the fam-ily-owned business that is now in its third gen-eration of family ownership, and 4th genera-tion of family management. 
Founded by his father in 1948 as a manu-
facturer of concrete block, Camosse Masonry Supply has grown into a full line landscape and masonry supply house. Today, they’re helping homeowners, local businesses, and construction companies across Worcester County get the supplies they need for projects big and small. 
As a business leader in Worcester, Henry is 
currently serving in leadership roles with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.040 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1300 September 16, 2015 
New England Concrete Masonry Association, 
the Worcester Better Business Bureau and the Bay Path Education Foundation. 
Henry has also served in a variety of other 
roles to support our local businesses through organizations like the Worcester County Homebuilders Association, the National Con-crete Masonry Association, Skills-USA. 
As an active member of the Worcester com-
munity, Henry has also contributed through his work with the Charlton Little League and the Boy Scouts Pack 338. Henry’s support for great programs like these that give Worcester families and their kids a chance to build friend-ships and strengthen our community are an-other example of the great impact he has had. 
I want to thank Henry and his family for all 
that they have done and continue to do to support our local economy and keep Worces-ter strong. 
f 
TEXANS FINDING CURES 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate James Allison, Ph.D for receiving the Lasker-Debakey Clinical Medical Research Award. 
Dr. Allison pioneered research on a new 
class of cancer treatment that allows for a pa-tient’s immune system to continuously attack cancerous tumors itself. The research ex-pands the ability to provide patients with less invasive treatments to fight all different types of cancer. Dr. Allison’s discovery is a massive breakthrough for cancer research and out-standing news for those who are unfortunately diagnosed with the disease. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to James Allison, Ph.D for receiving the pres-tigious Lasker-Debakey Clinical Medical Re-search Award. Thank you for your work to find a cure. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF GROWTH 
AWARENESS WEEK 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to honor Growth Awareness Week. 
How much a child grows is a major sign of 
his or her overall health. If a child is failing to grow, it could mean that they are developing serious medical problems. A child’s height (ei-ther too much or too little for their age) is one of nature’s early warning signs—a visual alarm for parents and physicians. According to the Pictures of Standard Syndromes and Undiagnosed Malformations (POSSUM) data-base, more than 600 serious diseases and health conditions cause growth failure. 
Many conditions which interfere with chil-
dren’s growth are treatable, but according to the MAGIC Foundation for children’s growth, unfortunately 48% of children in the U.S. who were evaluated with the two most common causes of growth failure went undiagnosed. The longer a child with growth failure goes 
undiagnosed, the greater the potential for damage and higher costs of care. Early detec-tion and diagnosis are crucial in ensuring a healthy future for a child with growth failure. 
Last year I was pleased that Congress rec-
ognized ‘‘Growth Awareness Week’’ as the third week in September 2014. So today I ask my colleagues to join me in permanently rec-ognizing the third week in September as ‘‘Growth Awareness Week’’ and to continue to raise public awareness of growth failure to im-prove the lives and health of children. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE CENTEN-
NIAL ANNIVERSARY OF OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to commemorate the Centennial Anniversary of Okaloosa County, Florida, located in Flor-ida’s First Congressional District. 
Okaloosa County is situated along Florida’s 
Gulf Coast and was established in 1915 through legislation sponsored by then-Florida State Representative William Mapoles from Laurel Hill. It is the 52nd county in Florida, flanked by Santa Rosa and Walton counties, and was carved out of portions of both coun-ties. Sharing the namesake of a steamboat, ‘‘The Okaloosa,’’ meaning ‘‘Black Water’’ in 
Choctaw, Okaloosa County once consisted of small outposts and pioneers in Florida’s wil-derness, and its main economic drivers at the time of its founding were lumber, turpentine, and fishing. 
Over the course of the last 100 years, 
Okaloosa County, while still true to its agricul-tural roots, has transformed from a sparsely populated, simple, and rural pioneer county into a top tourist destination, with white pris-tine beaches and world-class fishing, and an essential area of support for our Nation’s de-fense, which is due in large part to a local businessman and airplane enthusiast, James E. Plew. Plew’s vision for the area at the height of the depression was one of oppor-tunity and one that saw the advantages of at-tracting the military to the county. 
Plew proposed to donate 1,460 acres to the 
U.S. government for a bombing and gunnery range, which was accepted in 1937. A few short months later, the U.S. Army Air Corps mandated that the Valparaiso Bombing and Gunnery Base be renamed ‘‘Eglin Field’’ after Lt. Col. Frederick Irving Eglin. Upon establish-ment of the U.S. Air Force, Eglin Field would then bare the name of its present day, Eglin Air Force Base. Eglin Air Force Base, which extends across three counties is one of the world’s largest Air Force bases and home today to several military major commands, in-cluding the 7th Special Forces Group, the Air Armament Center, the Air Force Special Oper-ations Command, and the 33rd Fighter Wing. 
The residents of Okaloosa County, including 
the thousands of military servicemembers and veterans who call it home, are a resilient peo-ple, and even through the most challenging of times, they have united as a community to de-velop and maintain its place as a key area for business and tourism in the State of Florida and throughout the entire Gulf Coast region. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, it gives me great pleasure to com-memorate the Centennial Anniversary of Okaloosa County, Florida. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating all of those who are fortu-nate to call Okaloosa County home on its 100- year history and its proud achievements and continued success. 
f 
CREATING LEADERS AND 
EARNING GOLD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Allison Carpenter for receiving the Girl Scout Gold Award, the highest honor in Girl Scouting. The Girl Scout Gold Award symbolizes outstanding accomplishments in the areas of leadership, community service, career planning, and personal development. 
Allison, a junior at Katy High School, has 
continually showed her commitment to chang-ing society and helping her community. She was awarded the Gold Award after partnering with the You Can Academy to serve academi-cally at-risk children who attend a local ele-mentary school. She created and led cur-riculum workshops to teach students how to respect others, follow the rules, and stay on task. We are proud of Allison’s commitment to education and look forward to seeing her fu-ture accomplishments. 
I am proud to represent such an impressive 
young Girl Scout who possesses a strong commitment to service. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Allison for earning this distinguished award. 
f 
PRISONERS OF CONSCIENCE IN 
VIETNAM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Vietnam’s 
religious persecution of its citizens is nothing new. I have spoken before about prisoners of conscience held in Vietnam; in fact just this time last year, I spoke on the release of Pas-tor Duong Kim Khai. 
Unfortunately, Vietnam is still carrying on 
with this egregious practice. I have been made aware of yet another example of human rights violations by a country the State Department has perpetually refused to include as a Coun-try of Particular Concern for religious freedom. 
On February 11, 2014, Mr. Nguyen Van 
Minh and approximately 20 other religious freedom activists were arrested by police offi-cers in the Dong Thap province. Mr. Minh and the others were viciously beaten and had their personal belongings confiscated. 
The activists were detained nearly 40 hours 
before some of the group was released. Mr. Minh and two other activists continued to re-main detained and were not charged until ap-proximately a week later on February 20th. 
Mr. Minh was charged with ‘‘disturbing pub-
lic peace’’ and while awaiting trial he was tor-tured and isolated from his family and lawyers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.044 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1301 September 16, 2015 
Mr. Minh withstood the brutal tactics and re-
fused to sign any report against him. 
His trial was ‘‘open to the public,’’ which in 
Vietnam means closed to the approximately 100 people who showed up to support him and the 15 of the 18 witnesses called by his defense. 
Then on August 26, 2014, Mr. Minh was 
sentenced to serve 2.5 years in prison. 
A few months later, the Supreme People’s 
Court of Vietnam upheld the ruling from the preliminary trial, finding him and the other two activists, guilty of disturbing the public peace. This form of government sponsored religious persecution has no place in any nation. 
In the Bill of Rights, freedom of religion is 
listed first because it is the most important. This was no mistake by our Founding Fathers. 
Freedom of worship is a basic human right, 
and one that all countries should recognize. 
I urge the State Department to do its job 
and recognize Vietnam as a Country of Par-ticular Concern. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
POLYCYSTIC KIDNEY DISEASE 
AWARENESS DAY 
HON. DIANA DeGETTE 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Ms. D EGETTE. Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, 
September 3, was PKD Awareness Day. Throughout the country, ordinary citizens took the time to make their neighbors aware of a little-known disease affecting thousands of people in the United States. 
Polycystic Kidney Disease or PKD is a ge-
netic disease that eventually leads to kidney failure. Parents have a 50 percent chance of passing the disease to each of their children. However, 10 percent of the people diagnosed with PKD have no family history of the dis-ease. More alarming, PKD is the fourth lead-ing cause of kidney failure, and more than 50 percent of people with PKD will develop kid-ney failure by age 50. 
Unfortunately, there is no treatment to stop 
or slow the growth of the cysts that develop and enlarge in both kidneys. The only remedy at this time for kidney failure or end stage renal disease (ESRD) is dialysis or a kidney transplant. While ESRD patients are less than one percent of the Medicare population, they account for nearly seven percent of the Medi-care budget—totaling nearly $35 billion annu-ally. 
PKD Awareness Day helps to bring atten-
tion to this debilitating disease and the con-stant challenges people impacted by PKD face. Advocates joined together across the country this year to highlight the need for re-search and innovation that could help PKD pa-tients and their families. 
I stand in support of these tireless advo-
cates to help find better treatments, but more importantly, a cure for PKD. It is essential to raise awareness about PKD in the hopes of bringing relief to the more than 20 million Americans with kidney disease. NURSING EXCELLENCE IN TX–22 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Memorial Hermann Katy Hos-pital’s nursing staff for earning the Pathway to Excellence designation from the American Nurses Credentialing Center. 
The American Nurses Credentialing Center 
awards hospitals that create flourishing work environments for their nurses. These nurses are committed to providing Katy residents with high-quality and safe patient care. The nurses’ efforts to create a positive work environment makes this hospital one of the best places for nurses to work. This award recognizes what a strong and dedicated staff the nurses are at Memorial Hermann Katy. We are lucky to have such an incredible team of nurses so close to home. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Memorial Hermann Katy Hospital’s nursing staff for earning the Pathway to Excellence designation. 
f 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERV-
ICE AND SELFLESS SACRIFICE OF STAFF SERGEANT FORREST B. SIBLEY 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to pay tribute to a fallen deco-rated American hero. On August 27, 2015, Staff Sergeant Forrest B. Sibley, who was as-signed to the 21st Special Tactics Squadron, 720th Special Tactics Group, 24th Special Op-erations Wing, Pope Army Airfield, North Carolina, tragically succumbed to wounds re-ceived during an attack the day prior while conducting operations in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel near Camp Antonik, Af-ghanistan. SSgt Sibley was 31 years old, but lived a lifetime marked by and full of service. 
Although a Louisiana native, born in Shreve-
port in 1983, Pensacola, Florida, would be-come home to Forrest. By all accounts of his loved ones, he lived his life to the fullest and always savored spending time with friends and family along the beautiful coastline of Pensa-cola Beach. After Hurricane Ivan struck North-west Florida in 2004, Forrest and his friends worked to clean up the destruction in its dev-astating aftermath, helping neighbors rebuild and recover, with his jovial nature intact. 
Answering the call of duty, Forrest entered 
into the United States Air Force and upon completion of basic training in 2008 became an Air Force Combat Controller, serving along-side some of our Nation’s most elite. Among his qualifications, SSgt Sibley was a military static line jumper, free fall jumper, an Air Force combat scuba diver, and a joint terminal attack controller. SSgt Sibley’s military career would include four deployments to some of the most critical and sensitive areas of operation. His awards include four Bronze Stars, one with Valor Device, the Purple Heart, the Joint 
Service Commendation Medal, Air Force Com-mendation Medal, and the Air Force Combat Action Medal. 
As exemplified by his extraordinary heroism, 
SSgt Sibley’s life stands as a testament that freedom is not free, and his legacy will echo in time as an example of the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom. My wife, Vicki, joins me in praying that God is with Forrest’s par-ents, Brent and Susan, and all of the beloved family and friends he held so dear, and we ask that God continue to bless them and the United States of America. 
f 
KENTUCKY STATE TROOPER 
JOSEPH PONDER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. POE or Texas. Mr. Speaker, another 
peace officer has been targeted and killed. 
Late Sunday night, Kentucky State Trooper 
Joseph Cameron Ponder made a routine traf-fic stop. He pulled over the suspect who as it turns out was driving with a suspended li-cense. The trooper was going to arrange for an overnight stay for the man and his fellow passengers, which included two children, but this plan never came to fruition. 
This stop would prove fatal. Suddenly, the 
driver sped away and the chase began. 
For nine miles, Trooper Ponder pursued the 
criminal. Then, the criminal’s car made a hasty and abrupt stop. The trooper’s vehicle smashed into the back of the criminal’s get-away car. 
The criminal emerged from the vehicle and 
fired intently at the officer. Bullets scattered around the hood and windshield and hit the of-ficer. 
Ponder was struck multiple times. The armed criminal fled, this time on foot. And a manhunt was underway for the killer. Helicopters manned the sky as officers and 
canines manned the ground and wooded areas. 
The criminal was spotted. He refused to 
drop his weapon and instead hatefully pointed it straight at police. The criminal was taken down. 
The trooper passed away at the hospital 
later that night. 
This story is becoming all too common. Offi-
cers are being targeted just because of the car they drive and the uniform they wear. This war on police must stop. 
Trooper Ponder graduated from the police 
academy in January and was working in Trigg County. 
He was a Navy veteran and just 31 years 
old. 
On the Kentucky State Police Facebook 
page, tributes fill the comment section. 
One stands out, from Ponder’s sister. It reads: ‘‘Thank you for all the kind words. My broth-
er was the best man in the world and did not deserve what happened to him. Please pray for us, this was an enormous loss.’’ 
A loss that is felt around the country, as our 
nation continues to mourn fallen peace offi-cers. 
Kentucky State Trooper Joseph Ponder will 
not be forgotten. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.049 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1302 September 16, 2015 
As I have said many times before, those 
who wear the badge—the shield over their heart—represent the best of our communities. 
Our gratitude goes to Trooper Ponder for 
his selfless service both to our country and our community. 
We continue to pray for police. They are the 
silent safe guardians who protect our cities, neighborhoods and schools. They are the men and women of the thin blue line between the law and the lawless. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
BUILDING A BIGGER FORT BEND 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ryko Development for being rec-ognized as Developer of the Year by the Texas Association of Builders. 
Ryko Development earned this prestigious 
award because of its outstanding work estab-lishing the Lakes of Bella Terra community. This community brings new families and busi-nesses to Fort Bend County every day. Through Lakes of Bella Terra, Ryko Develop-ment created an ideal living environment for families and has earned a reputation as a pre-mier developer in the Houston area. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ryko Development for being named Devel-oper of the Year. Thanks for bringing Lakes of Bella Terra to Fort Bend. 
f 
WELCOME, KATHERINE LEE 
WILSON 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, I am happy to congratulate my daughter-in- law and son, Joy and Julian Wilson of Lex-ington, South Carolina, on the birth of their new baby girl. Katherine Lee Wilson who was born at 8:09 a.m., on Monday, September 14, 2015, weighing 8 pounds and measuring 20 and 5 inches long at Lexington Medical Center in West Columbia, South Carolina. Katherine joins an older brother, Jack Wilson, and older sister, Sally Wilson. She has been born into a loving home where she will be raised by par-ents who are devoted to her well-being and bright future. 
I would also like to congratulate Sally’s 
grandparents Gary Strickland and Sherry Strickland of Nichols, South Carolina, and my wife, Roxanne Wilson of Springdale, South Carolina. Additionally, are proud great-grand-mothers, Martha Dusenbury, Lilly Strickland, and Sally Willoughby. I am so grateful for this new addition to the Wilson family. CELEBRATING THE NINETIETH 
BIRTHDAY OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BELOVED OAKLAND ARD 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
great honor and pleasure to wish a very happy birthday to Northwest Florida’s beloved Oak-land Ard on the occasion of his 90th birthday and to congratulate him on his many achieve-ments and recognize his service to Northwest Florida and our great Nation. 
Born and raised in Geneva County, Ala-
bama, Oakland answered the call of duty, while in high school, joining the United States Army in December 1943. After completing basic training, Oakland deployed to Europe, where he joined his brother as a member of the 2nd Armored Infantry Division, 41st Ar-mored Infantry Regiment, seeing combat in France, Belgium, Holland, and Germany. While engaged in battle with German forces, Oakland’s company came under heavy mortar fire, and his brother, Dalton, was tragically killed in action. Despite this devastating loss, however, Oakland continued to serve with honor and distinction until injuries sustained from severe frostbite forced him to be called back to the United States. After recovering from his injuries, Oakland continued to serve our Nation as a heavy machine gunner in-structor at Fort Knox until his discharge on May 10, 1946. 
Oakland’s military career proved to be a 
harbinger of many more years of selfless serv-ice to the Lord, his family, friends, community, and Nation. Following his discharge, he re-turned home and started working as a farmer to help put two of his siblings through school, and when his brother, Herman, was called to active duty to serve in Korea, Oakland moved to Port St. Joe, Florida, to fill his brother’s po-sition at the St. Joe Paper Company. In Port St. Joe, Oakland met his first wife, Marian and remained in the area until his brother returned from his military duties. 
In 1957, Oakland gained employment at the 
Container Corporation of America and settled in Jay, Florida. The Ards quickly planted strong roots in the Jay community, where they raised their two sons, Freddy and Ronnie. Oakland would remain at the Container Cor-poration for nearly four decades, until his re-tirement in 1996. While working, Oakland helped establish and lead several organiza-tions including the Eastpoint Employees Fed-eral Credit Union, where he served as both President and Vice President, and the Brewton CCA Federal Credit Union, where he served a term as president and many decades as a board member and treasurer. 
Outside of his working life, Oakland was 
also a leader in his church and civic commu-nities. As a longtime member of Jay First Bap-tist Church, he served in countless positions, including Sunday School Director, Training Union Director, Brotherhood Director, and Church Treasurer, among many others. 
Oakland also contributed to the Northwest 
Florida community in myriad other ways. He was appointed by the Florida Legislature to the Board of Directors of Jay Hospital, served nearly two decades as a board member of the State Housing Initiative Program, and was a 
longtime member of the Board of Directors of the Santa Rosa County Chamber of Com-merce. In addition, the people of Jay also elected him to the Jay City Council, where he served for four years. 
Still, all of these impressive accomplish-
ments are only a small reflection on Oakland’s selfless character and dedication to family, faith, and community. A dedicated family man, for more than 50 years, Oakland was a loving husband to Marian, until her passing from can-cer. Today, Oakland enjoys spending time with his children, grandchildren, great-grand-children, and his wife, Jackie, and he has al-ways been around to lend a hand to his neigh-bors in times of need. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am honored to recognize Oakland Ard on his 90th birthday. My wife Vicki and I wish him and the entire Ard family all the best. 
f 
FORT BEND CARES 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Fort Bend Cares for its dedication to im-proving the lives of the children in Fort Bend County. 
Since the beginning, Fort Bend Cares has 
worked to improve the lives of our local chil-dren. Their latest project is a new playground located in Community Park in Rosenberg. Fort Bend Cares, with assistance from other local businesses, will work with a local playground manufacturer to ensure that the children of the community have a safe and fun place to relax and play. We are all looking forward to the playground’s completion. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, thank you to Fort Bend Cares for leaving such a positive impact on the lives of so many children here in Fort Bend County. 
f 
HONORING THE DEDICATED SERV-
ICE AND SELFLESS SACRIFICE OF CAPTAIN MATTHEW D. RO-LAND 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with both profound sadness and deep grati-tude that I rise to pay tribute to a fallen deco-rated American hero. On August 27, 2015, Captain Matthew D. Roland, who was as-signed to the 23rd Special Tactics Squadron at Hurlburt Field, located in Florida’s First Congressional District, tragically succumbed to wounds received during an attack the day prior while conducting operations in support of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel near Camp Antonik, Afghanistan. Captain Roland was 27 years old, but lived a lifetime marked by and full of service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.053 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1303 September 16, 2015 
Born December 24, 1987, at Ellsworth Air 
Force Base, Rapid City, South Dakota, Cap-tain Roland is described as an avid outdoors-man, who enjoyed hiking, camping, and fish-ing, as his childhood saw him following his fa-ther’s Air Force career across the country. After graduating high school, he continued in his family’s footsteps of service and entered the Air Force Academy, graduating in 2010. Upon his commissioning, then-Second Lieu-tenant Roland entered the Special Tactics Of-ficer Program attached to the 23rd Special Tactics Squadron and served as a team lead-er. 
Among his qualifications, Captain Roland 
was a military static line jumper, free fall jump-er, an Air Force combat scuba diver, and a joint terminal attack controller. His military ca-reer would include leading his teams on three deployments, two to Afghanistan and one to Africa, and by all accounts he fulfilled his du-ties with the utmost selflessness. Among his many awards and accolades are the Meri-torious Service Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal, Air Force Organizational Excellence 
Award, National Defense Service Medal, Af-ghanistan Campaign Medal, Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, and Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon with Gold Bor-der. 
As exemplified by his extraordinary heroism, 
Captain Roland’s life stands as a testament that freedom is not free, and his legacy will echo in time as an example of the ultimate sacrifice in the name of freedom. My wife, Vicki, joins me in praying that God is with Mat-thew’s parents, Mark and Barbara; his sister, Erica; his niece, Willamina; and all of his fam-ily and friends during this time of great mourn-ing, and we ask that God continue to bless them and the United States of America. 
f 
MUSIC TO OUR EARS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Seven Lakes High School’s Symphony Orchestra for being selected as the 2016 Honor Full Orchestra by the Texas Music Educators Association (TMEA). 
The Seven Lakes Symphony Orchestra re-
ceived this recognition because of its ability to master some of the most advanced music lit-erature. This is an especially high honor for Seven Lakes High School, which is only 10 years old. This achievement would not have been possible without the dedication of all of the talented musicians and their directors, Desiree Overree and Damon Archer. We all look forward to hearing the Symphony Orches-tra perform at the TMEA Convention in Feb-ruary. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the Seven Lakes High School Symphony Orchestra for being selected as the 2016 Honor Full Orchestra. HONORING DR. JOHN C. WARMAN 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, the rau-
cous Gonzaga fight song was sung quietly for the first time in a long time on Tuesday, Sep-tember 1st when Dr. John C. ‘‘Doc’’ Warman’s coffin was borne from a packed St. Aloysius church in Washington, DC where men and women met to mourn the passing of a legend. 
A lover of the classics, a supremely gifted 
musician, and a director of plays and musicals at Gonzaga College High School, Warman 
began teaching Latin and Greek at the all- boys Catholic institution on Eye Street and North Capitol, just a few blocks from the Cap-itol, in 1967. 
Born to Frank and Louise Warman on Octo-
ber 18, 1939, Warman began playing the piano when he was still in diapers and could quote the classics from memory by the time he was seven years old. 
Warman’s recitations from the classics could 
bring a dead language to life. ‘‘Arma virumque cano,’’ he would begin before launching into Virgil’s Aeneid. For those who don’t know, that means ‘‘I sing of arms and of a man,’’ in other words, a Warman. 
Warman was the valedictorian of his class 
at Gonzaga in 1957 and later graduated from Georgetown University with honors. He be-came ‘‘Doc’’ in 1986 when Georgetown con-ferred upon him the degree of Doctor of Hu-mane Letters. 
‘‘Doc’s sense of optimism would lift us up 
when times were tough,’’ said William J. Wil-son, Jr., both a student and colleague of Warman’s, of the Gonzaga he knew as a stu-dent—a school of dwindling enrollment in the late 1960s and early 1970s, threatened with potential closure. 
The 1968 riots in DC following the assas-
sination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. had left many parents worried and looking to other schools outside of the city to send their chil-dren. Doc’s dedication to Gonzaga and sup-port of his students helped usher the school through this difficult time. 
Warman was also well known for his formal 
dress in and out of the classroom. Students at Gonzaga testified that they had only ever seen Doc dressed in a suit and tie or the tuxedo he would don during his theater performances. 
‘‘Sometimes I wondered whether Doc was 
born wearing a suit,’’ said Wilson. 
It was in a suit and tie that he passed quiet-
ly of heart failure before classes began on Au-gust 25, 2015. 
While the Gonzaga community mourns the 
passing of Warman, over these past weeks many kind and joyful memories of Doc have been shared by students, colleagues, family, and friends. The legacy of Doc Warman lives on through the indelible impression he left on the entire Gonzaga community. 
The back wall of Gonzaga’s Sheehy The-
ater, which is nearly 120 years old, is spat-tered with graffiti, and among the etched-in autographs there, ‘‘Warman ’57’’ looms large—‘‘the heart of the Gonzaga stage’’ that bears his name. He piloted more than 350 performances from the pit piano where he was a fixture, and he served as a producer, asso-ciate producer, director, or musical director in 83 productions. ‘‘Gone, but not forgotten,’’ said Ra’Mond 
Jamar Shephard Hines. Hines, a recent stu-dent from Gonzaga’s class of 2014, said at the funeral that ‘‘The way the Latin and the Greek flowed off his tongue was like poetry in and of itself.’’ 
Warman never married, and having no bio-
logical children, he instead devoted his life to his ‘‘Men of Eye Street.’’ All classes were can-celed on the day of his funeral—a beloved teacher, colleague, mentor, and friend’s last gift to his students. 
f 
REACHING MARS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize Carlos Gonzalez of Katy, Texas for being selected a NASA High School Aerospace Scholar. 
Carlos, a student at Seven Lakes High 
School, was one of only 261 high school jun-iors from across Texas selected to participate in this elite NASA program. As a High School Aerospace Scholar, Carlos completed various assignments throughout the school year. He was then invited to Johnson Space Center for a one-week summer internship where he and his fellow scholars worked with NASA sci-entists and engineers to plan a mission to Mars. Carlos certainly makes his parents, teachers, and the rest of our community proud. We look forward to seeing all he ac-complishes in the future. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Carlos for being named a NASA High School Aerospace Scholar. Shoot for the stars, Car-los. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-
tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
September 17, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s Record. 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 22 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States Middle East policy. 
SH–216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16SE8.058 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1304 September 16, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine improving 
VA accountability, focusing on exam-ining first-hand accounts of Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs whistle-blowers. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Susan Coppedge Amato, of Georgia, to be Director of the Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, with 
the rank of Ambassador at Large, De-partment of State. 
SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary 
Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition 
Policy and Consumer Rights 
To hold hearings to examine consolida-
tion in the health insurance industry and its impact on consumers. 
SD–226 
SEPTEMBER 23 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine the use of 
agency regulatory guidance. 
SD–342 POSTPONEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 22 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security 
To hold hearings to examine consumer 
product safety and the recall process. 
SR–253 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16SE8.000 E16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D975 Wednesday, September 16, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6661–S6771 
Measures Introduced: Eight bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 2037–2044.                                      Page S6699 
Measures Passed: 
25th Anniversary of the Office of Research on 
Women’s Health: Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 242, celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Institutes of Health, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6676–77 
Mikulski/Collins Amendment No. 2663, to 
amend the resolving clause.                                   Page S6676 
Mikulski/Collins Amendment No. 2664, to 
amend the preamble.                                                Page S6676 
Mikulski/Collins Amendment No. 2665, to 
amend the title.                                                           Page S6677 
Authorizing the Use of the Capitol Grounds: 
Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 70, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Co-lumbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run.
                                                                                 Page S6765 
Authorizing the Use of the Capitol Grounds: 
Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 73, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the 2nd Annual Fall-en Firefighters Congressional Flag Presentation Cere-mony.
                                                                               Page S6765 
Authorizing the Use of the Capitol Grounds: 
Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 74, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for an event to com-memorate the 20th Anniversary of the Million Man March.
                                                                             Page S6765 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act—Agreement: Senate con-
tinued consideration of H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act, taking action on the following amendments and motion proposed thereto:
                                                Pages S6669–76, S6678–93 
Pending: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2640, of a perfecting 
nature.                                                                              Page S6670 
McConnell Amendment No. 2656 (to Amend-
ment No. 2640), to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, reducing, providing relief from, or otherwise limiting the application of sanctions pursuant to an agreement related to the nuclear pro-gram of Iran.
                                          Pages S6670, S6672–76 
McConnell Amendment No. 2657 (to Amend-
ment No. 2656), to change the enactment date. 
                                                                                            Page S6670 
McConnell Amendment No. 2658 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2640), to change the enactment date.
            Page S6670 
McConnell Amendment No. 2659 (to Amend-
ment No. 2658), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6670 
McConnell motion to commit the joint resolution 
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, with in-structions, McConnell Amendment No. 2660, to prohibit the President from waiving, suspending, re-ducing, providing relief from, or otherwise limiting the application of sanctions pursuant to an agree-ment related to the nuclear program of Iran. 
                                                                                            Page S6670 
McConnell Amendment No. 2661 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2660), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S6670 
McConnell Amendment No. 2662 (to Amend-
ment No. 2661), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6670 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the joint resolu-tion at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, Sep-tember 17, 2015, with the time until 11 a.m., equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees; and that the filing deadline for all second- degree amendments be at 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, September 17, 2015.
                                               Page S6765 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D976 September 16, 2015 
John W. Leslie, Jr., of Connecticut, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Directors of the African Develop-ment Foundation for a term expiring September 22, 2019. 
Eduardo Castell, of New York, to be a Member 
of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation for a term expiring Decem-ber 10, 2019. 
Steven H. Cohen, of Illinois, to be a Member of 
the Board of Trustees of the Harry S Truman Schol-arship Foundation for a term expiring December 10, 2019. 
Vicki Miles-LaGrange, of Oklahoma, to be a 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation for a term expiring December 10, 2015. 
Vicki Miles-LaGrange, of Oklahoma, to be a 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Harry S Truman Scholarship Foundation for a term expiring December 10, 2021. 
Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Uganda. 
Catherine Ann Novelli, of Virginia, to be United 
States Alternate Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
Lisa J. Peterson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to 
the Kingdom of Swaziland. 
H. Dean Pittman, of the District of Columbia, to 
be Ambassador to the Republic of Mozambique. 
Eric Seth Rubin, of New York, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Bulgaria. 
Kyle R. Scott, of Arizona, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Serbia. 
Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be 
Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. 
Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, to be a Member 
of the National Mediation Board for a term expiring July 1, 2018. 
Routine lists in the Army and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S6766–71 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6694 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                      Pages S6662, S6694–95 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6695–99 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S6699 
Additional Cosponsors:                         Pages S6699–S6700 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6700–03 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6694 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6703–04 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6704 Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:45 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, September 17, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6765.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
FDA EFFORTS TO ENSURE FOOD SUPPLY SAFETY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine the Food and Drug Administration’s ef-forts to ensure the safety of the food supply and pro-tect American consumers, after receiving testimony from Stephen Ostroff, Commissioner, Michael Tay-lor, Deputy Commissioner for Foods and Veterinary Medicine, and Bill Tootle, Director, Office of Budg-et, all of the Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services. 
U.S. MILITARY OPERATIONS TO COUNTER 
ISIL 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine United States military operations to counter the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, after receiving testimony from Christine E. Wormuth, Under Secretary for Policy, and General Lloyd J. Austin III, USA, Commander, Central Command, both of the Department of Defense. 
GOLD KING MINE SPILL OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the cause, response, and impacts of EPA’s Gold King Mine spill, after receiving testimony from Senators Gardner, Bennet, Udall, and Heinrich; and Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environmental Protection Agency. 
U.S. ROLE AND STRATEGY IN THE MIDDLE 
EAST 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, focusing on Syria, Iraq, and the fight against ISIS, after receiving testimony from Kimberly Kagan, Institute for the Study of War, Brian Katulis, Center for American Progress, and Michael Bowers, Mercy Corps, all of Wash-ington, D.C. 
REGULATORY REFORM PROPOSALS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D977 September 16, 2015 
regulatory reform proposals, including S. 708, to es-
tablish an independent advisory committee to review certain regulations, S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the President to require independent regulatory agencies to comply with regulatory analysis require-ments applicable to executive agencies, S. 1817, to improve the effectiveness of major rules in accom-plishing their regulatory objectives by promoting retrospective review, S. 1818, to amend title 5, 
United States Code, to reform the rule making proc-ess of agencies, and S. 1820, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, after receiving testimony from Susan E. Dudley, George Washington University Regu-latory Studies Center, Washington, D.C.; and Sidney A. Shapiro, Wake Forest University School of Law, Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on behalf of the Center for Progressive Reform. 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine achiev-ing the promise of health information technology, focusing on improving care through patient access to their records, after receiving testimony from Raj M. Ratwani, MedStar Health National Center for Human Factors in Healthcare, Washington, D.C.; Kathy Giusti, Multiple Myeloma Research Founda-tion, Norwalk, Connecticut; and Eric Dishman, Intel Corporation, Hillsboro, Oregon. 
GOLD KING MINE DISASTER IMPACTS ON 
INDIAN COUNTRY 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine EPA’s Gold King Mine disaster, focusing on the harmful impacts to Indian country, after receiving testimony from Gina McCarthy, Ad-ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency; Rus-sell Begaye, Window Rock, Arizona, and Gilbert Harrison, Sr., Gadii’ahi Chapter, New Mexico, both of the Navajo Nation; James M. Olguin, Southern Ute Indian Tribe, Ignacio, Colorado; Douglas Holtz- Eakin, American Action Forum, Washington, D.C.; and David C. Weindorf, Texas Tech University De-partment of Plant and Soil Science, Lubbock. 
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY 
ACT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine reforming the Electronic Com-munications Privacy Act, including S. 356, to im-prove the provisions relating to the privacy of elec-tronic communications, after receiving testimony from Elana Tyrangiel, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice; Andrew Ceresney, Director, Division of Enforcement, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission; Daniel Salsburg, Chief Counsel, Office of Technology, Research and 
Investigation, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Fed-eral Trade Commission; Richard Littlehale, Ten-nessee Bureau of Investigation, Nashville; Richard Salgado, Google Inc., Mountain View, California; and Chris Calabrese, Center for Democracy and Technology, and Victoria Espinel, BSA ⎢ The Soft-
ware Alliance, both of Washington, D.C. 
VETERANS HEALTH AND BENEFITS 
LEGISLATION 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine S. 290, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 563, to amend title 38, United States Code, to es-tablish the Physician Ambassadors Helping Veterans program to seek to employ physicians at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs on a without compensation basis in practice areas and specialties with staffing shortages and long appointment waiting times, S. 564, to amend title 38, United States Code, to in-clude licensed hearing aid specialists as eligible for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1450, to amend title 38, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to modify the hours of employment of physicians and physician assistants employed on a full-time basis by the Department of Veterans Affairs, S. 1451, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adjudicate and pay survivor’s benefits without requiring the filing of a formal claim, S. 1460, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ex-tend the Yellow Ribbon G.I. Education Enhance-ment Program to cover recipients of the Marine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, S. 1693, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ex-pand eligibility for reimbursement for emergency medical treatment to certain veterans that were un-able to receive care from the Department of Veterans Affairs in the 24-month period preceding the fur-
nishing of such emergency treatment, S. 1856, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for performance or mis-conduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, S. 1938, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of certain pro-grams of education for purposes of educational assist-ance provided by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, after receiving testimony from Thomas Lynch, Assistant Deputy Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D978 September 16, 2015 
for Health Clinical Operations, Veterans Health Ad-
ministration; Joseph W. Wescott II, National Asso-ciation of State Approving Agencies, Raleigh, North Carolina; Roscoe G. Butler, The American Legion, and Aleks Morosky, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the 
United States, both of Washington, D.C.; and Don-ald F. Kettl, University of Maryland School of Pub-lic Policy, Annapolis. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 21 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 8, 3511–3530; and 3 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 77 and H. Res. 422–423 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H6074–76 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6076–77 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 420, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 348) to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determina-tions, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 758) to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve at-torney accountability, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (H. Rept. 114–261); and 
H. Res. 421, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 3134) to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc.; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3504) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or attempted abortion (H. Rept. 114–262).
                                                Page H6073 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5983 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:14 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H5985 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:20 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3 p.m.                                                           Page H5987 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Re-
authorization of 2015: Concur in the Senate amend-
ment to H.R. 23, to reauthorize the National Wind-storm Impact Reduction Program;
           Pages H5987–90 
Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 
2015: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 
720, to improve intergovernmental planning for and communication during security incidents at domestic 
airports;                                                                   Pages H5990–93 
Allowing the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease 
or transfer certain lands: H.R. 487, to allow the 
Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands;
                                                                       Pages H5993–94 
Medgar Evers House Study Act: H.R. 959, 
amended, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the Medgar Evers House, located in Jackson, Mississippi; 
                                                                                    Pages H5994–95 
National Forest Small Tracts Act Amendments 
Act of 2015: H.R. 1214, amended, to amend the 
Small Tracts Act to expand the authority of the Sec-retary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small par-cels of National Forest System land to enhance the management of the National Forest System, and to resolve minor encroachments, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay 
vote of 403 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 495;
                                                       Pages H5995–96, H6003–04 
John Muir National Historic Site Expansion 
Act: H.R. 1289, amended, to authorize the Secretary 
of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California;
                       Pages H5996–97 
Elkhorn Ranch and White River National For-
est Conveyance Act of 2015: H.R. 1554, to require 
a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Col-orado;
                                                                       Pages H5997–98 
National Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 
2015: H.R. 1949, amended, to provide for the con-
sideration and submission of site and design pro-posals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas with none voting 
‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 496;             Pages H5998–H6000, H6004–05 
Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act: H.R. 2791, 
to require that certain Federal lands be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of certain Indian tribes in Oregon;
                                               Pages H6000–02 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D979 September 16, 2015 
New Mexico Navajo Water Settlement Technical 
Corrections Act: S. 501, to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico;
                                              Page H6002 
Providing for the conveyance of certain property 
to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation lo-cated in Bethel, Alaska: S. 230, to provide for the 
conveyance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska; and
                                                           Pages H6002–03 
Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015: 
H.R. 2223, to authorize, direct, expedite, and facili-tate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado.
                                                                Pages H6005–06 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:21 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:31 p.m.                                                    Page H6003 
Providing for a recess of the House for a joint meeting to receive Pope Francis of the Holy See: Agreed by unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Thursday, September 24, 2015 for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting Pope Francis of the Holy See.
          Page H6005 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:31 p.m and recon-
vened at 10:04 p.m.                                                  Page H6012 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5987. 
Senate Referral: S. 2036 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H5987 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6003–04 and H6004–05. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 10:05 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEW OF USDA ORGANIZATION AND 
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION, PART II 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing to review USDA organization and program ad-ministration, part II. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agriculture officials: Lisa 
Mensah, Under Secretary, Rural Development; Ed-ward Avalos, Under Secretary, Marketing and Regu-latory Programs; Alfred V. Almanza, Deputy Under Secretary, Food Safety; and Kevin W. Concannon, Under Secretary, Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Service. OVERSIGHT OF FEDERAL FACILITY 
CLEANUP UNDER CERCLA 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Federal Facility Cleanup under CERCLA’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
RAPID ACT; LAWSUIT ABUSE REDUCTION 
ACT OF 2015; DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD ACT OF 2015; AND BORN- LIVE ABORTION SURVIVORS PROTECTION 
ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 348, the ‘‘RAPID Act’’; H.R. 758, the ‘‘Law-suit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3134, the ‘‘Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3504, the ‘‘Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Pro-tection Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for H.R. 348. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as an original bill for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–26 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 758. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Lastly, in section 3, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legisla-tive day of September 24, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D980 September 16, 2015 
with the Minority Leader or her designee on the des-
ignation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a closed rule for H.R. 3134. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Addition-ally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 3504. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The rule provides that upon passage of H.R. 3134 the House shall be considered to have stricken all after the enacting clause of S. 764 and inserted the provisions of H.R. 3134, as passed by the House, and passed the Senate bill as so amended. The rule provides that upon passage of H.R. 3504 the House shall be considered to have stricken all after the en-acting clause of S. 1603 and inserted the provisions of H.R. 3504, as passed by the House, and passed the Senate bill as so amended. Lastly, the rule pro-vides that H. Res. 408 shall be laid on the table. Testimony was heard from Representatives Franks of Arizona, Cohen, Johnson of Georgia, Schakowsky, and Black. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
SEPTEMBER 17, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business 
meeting to consider H.R. 2051, to amend the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock man-datory price reporting requirements, 10 a.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
maritime security strategy in the Asia-Pacific region, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine the nomination of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Sec-
retary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, Department of the Treasury, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine the nomination of Sarah Eliza-beth Feinberg, of West Virginia, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, 9:45 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine reauthorization of and potential reforms to the Federal Land Recreation Enhancement Act, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on State Department processes in establishing tier rankings for the 2015 trafficking in persons report, 11:30 a.m., S–116, Capitol. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sub-
committee on Primary Health and Retirement Security, to hold hearings to examine biosimilar implementation, focusing on a progress report from FDA, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 1814, to withhold certain Federal funding from sanc-tuary cities, S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug traf-ficking activity, and the nominations of John Michael Vazquez, to be United States District Judge for the Dis-trict of New Jersey, Wilhelmina Marie Wright, to be United States District Judge for the District of Min-nesota, and Paula Xinis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maryland, 10:15 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market conditions, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting 
Infants: Ending Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Providers Who Violate the Law’’, 3 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Free?’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Strengthening U.S. Leadership in a Turbulent Global Economy’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Subcommittee on the Mid-
dle East and North Africa, markup on H. Res. 277, hon-oring the Tunisian People for their democratic transition; and H. Res. 293, expressing concern over anti-Israel and anti-Semitic incitement within the Palestinian Authority; and hearing entitled ‘‘Major Beneficiaries of the Iran Deal: IRGC and Hezbollah’’, 1:45 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Challenges to Religious Freedom in the Amer-icas’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Tech-nologies, markup on H.R. 3490, the ‘‘Strengthening State and Local Cyber Crime Fighting Act’’; H.R. 3493, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D981 September 16, 2015 
‘‘Securing the Cities Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3510, the ‘‘De-
partment of Homeland Security Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015’’; and Committee Print of the ‘‘DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvements Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, 
markup on H.R. 3350, the ‘‘Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3361, the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Insider Threat and Mitiga-tion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3503, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Support to Fusion Centers Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3505, the ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity Clearance Management and Administration Act’’; and Committee Print of the ‘‘Fusion Center Enhancement Act of 2015’’, 1 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Subcommittee on Transportation Security; and Sub-
committee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding our Nation’s Surface Transportation Systems Against Evolving Terrorist Threats’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1428, the ‘‘Judicial Redress Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1755, to amend title 36, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans; and H.R. 3449, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to extend honorary citizenship to otherwise qualified noncitizens who en-listed in the Philippines and died while serving on active duty with the United States Armed Forces during certain periods of hostilities, and for other purposes, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee; and the House Committee on Natural Resources, joint hearing entitled, ‘‘EPA’s Animas Spill’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Air Marshal 
Service: Oversight’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , September 17, Sub-
committee on Economic Growth, Tax and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Financing Main Street: How Dodd- Frank is Crippling Small Lenders and Access to Capital’’, 1 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 3106, the ‘‘Construction Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3016, the ‘‘VA Provider Equity Act’’; H.R. 677, the ‘‘American Heroes COLA Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1338, the ‘‘Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1384, the ‘‘Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retir-ees Act’’; H.R. 2360, the ‘‘Career-Ready Student Veterans Act’’; and H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Pre-vention Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 2061, the ‘‘EACH Act’’; H.R. 1270, the ‘‘Re-storing Access to Medication Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2940, the ‘‘Educator Tax Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 765, the ‘‘Restaurant and Retail Jobs and Growth Act’’; H.R. 2510, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus depreciation; H.R. 961, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the subpart F exemption for active fi-nancing income; and H.R. 1430, the ‘‘Permanent CFC Look-Through Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD982 September 16, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Thursday, September 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.J. Res. 61, Hire More Heroes Act. The filing deadline for all second-degree amendments is at 10:30 a.m. At 11 a.m., Senate should expect up to three roll call votes on the motions to invoke cloture on McConnell Amendment No. 2656, McConnell Amendment No. 2640, and the joint resolution. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, September 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 348— 
RAPID Act (Subject to a Rule), H.R. 758—Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule), H.R. 3134—Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule), and H.R. 3504—Born-Alive Abortion Sur-vivors Protection Act (Subject to a Rule). Possible consid-eration of measures under suspension of the rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aguilar, Pete, Calif., E1287, E1288 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1290, E1294 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va. E1299 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1290, E1295, E1297 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1285 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1286 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1299 Capps, Lois, Calif., E1289 Carter, John R., Tex., E1294 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E1291 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1295 Cole, Tom, Okla., E1298 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1292, E1303 Cooper, Jim, Tenn., E1297 DeGette, Diana, Colo., E1301 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1291 
Fincher, Stephen Lee, Tenn., E1286, E1287 Heck, Denny, Wash., E1300 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1297 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E1287 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E1292, E1293 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1295 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1286 Long, Billy, Mo., E1294, E1296, E1299 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E1294, E1296 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1287 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1298 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E1298 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1299 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1300, E1301, E1302, E1302 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1292 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1300, E1300, E1301, E1302, E1302, 
E1303, E1303 
Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1288, E1289, E1289 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1290 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1300, E1301 Poliquin, Bruce, Me., E1297 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1290 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1286 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1298 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1293 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1285, E1286, E1288, E1289 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1294, E1296 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1302 Young, David, Iowa, E1291, E1291, E1292, E1293, E1295, 
E1295, E1296, E1296, E1297, E1298 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Sep 17, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16SE5.REC D16SEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST