Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S611 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 29, 2015 No. 15 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, January 30, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , JANUARY 29, 2015 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. O Lord of our life, You are a shield 
for America. Because of Your mercy and power, we lift our heads with opti-mism. When we cry aloud to You dur-ing our moments of exasperation, You answer us from Your Holy mountain. We remain unafraid of what the future holds because You continue to sustain us. 
Lord, pour Your blessings upon our 
lawmakers so they will do Your will. Begin a spiritual awakening in our Na-tion and let it begin with us. Help us to know You better that we might love You more and thus be more useful to the advancement of Your Kingdom on Earth. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HELLER ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today we will have two stacks of votes culminating in passage of S. 1, the Key-stone bill. Senators should be expected to stay close to the floor as these will be 10-minute votes. We will have five or six votes at 11 a.m. and four or five votes kicking off at 2:30 p.m. 
The Senate will be in session tomor-
row morning but no votes are expected. The first vote of next week will be at 5:30 p.m. on Monday. 
f 
KEYSTONE ENERGY DEBATE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
the past few weeks we had a whirlwind, but the Keystone jobs debate has been important for the Senate and for our country. We took about one dozen more rollcall votes on amendments yesterday. That means the Senate has now taken more than twice as many of these amendment votes on this bill alone than were offered or allowed all of last year. 
We obviously had a busy afternoon 
yesterday, and we will continue it again today. It has been an instructive exercise, too, because we learned about more than just the lesser prairie-chick-en. We also discovered something about this body. We learned that open floor debates and open amendment processes require hard work, they require dedi-cated Members, and they require con-structive cooperation from across the aisle. 
I thanked Senators H
OEVEN and M UR-
KOWSKI for their work before. I thank 
them again now. I note the efforts, once again, of colleagues such as Sen-
ator C ANTWELL . 
The debate over these American jobs 
has shown that with bipartisan co-operation, it is possible to get Wash-ington functioning again. This debate is also proving the new Congress is ready to work and work hard for the middle class, even in the teeth of oppo-sition from powerful special interests. 
Let’s notch one more win for the 
middle class by passing this important infrastructure project. Constructing Keystone would pump literally billions into our economy. It would support thousands of good American jobs. As the President’s own State Department has indicated, it would do this with minimal environmental impact. 
The Keystone infrastructure project 
has been studied endlessly—endlessly— from almost every possible angle. The same general conclusion keeps becom-ing clear, build it. We need to build it. 
Let’s make some progress for the 
American people by voting to pass the Keystone jobs and infrastructure bill. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The act-
ing minority leader is recognized. 
f 
A CONSTRUCTIVE RELATIONSHIP 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me 
say at the outset while the majority leader is still on the floor, it is true we have had a constructive relationship during the last several weeks as we have considered this bill. Although 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.000 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S612 January 29, 2015 
those of us on the Democratic side 
don’t want to get comfortable in our minority status, we are determined to make sure it is, as described, a con-structive relationship. 
To that end we have not used some of 
the tactics we have seen in past years. We have not insisted on burning 30 hours and 60 hours at a time, causing people who subscribe to C–SPAN to call their cable operators and say why am I paying for the Senate; nothing is hap-pening. Instead, we have tried to use that time to put together packages, bi-partisan packages of amendments and we have been successful. 
I hope we can continue with that. As 
long as there is mutual respect, good faith, and cooperation, I look forward to in my role—as soon as Senator R
EID 
returns—as the whip on the Demo-cratic side to do our best to continue this constructive relationship. 
I have said it before and I will say it 
again. What we have seen over the last several weeks is the Senate I remem-ber, the Senate I was elected to, the Senate where there was active debate, deliberation, amendments. For some Members, it is a new experience. I hope in our role as the minority we can work with the Senators with a feeling of mutual respect to achieve at least debate on the floor, if not some signifi-cant legislation. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. If the Senator 
would yield. 
Mr. DURBIN. I would be happy to 
yield. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I thank the Sen-
ator from Illinois for his comments. I agree, this has been good for the Sen-ate, good for both parties, and good for America. We are getting back to nor-mal, and I thank the Senator for his comments and for his cooperation. 
Mr. DURBIN. I thank the majority 
leader. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 29 days 
from today, on February 27, the De-partment of Homeland Security of the United States of America will run out of money. The only way to prevent this is for Congress to pass legislation to fund this Department. We should not even be debating whether we are going to fund the Department that protects America from terrorism threats, but that is fact. 
Republicans in the House, when we 
did the budget bill, insisted that we would fund the entire Federal Govern-ment through September 30, except for the Department of Homeland Security. The reason they withheld regular budg-et funding for that Department was they wanted to make a political point. They are angered at President Obama for stepping forward with Executive or-ders on the issue of immigration, even though the same House Republicans have refused for over a year and a half to call the comprehensive immigration reform bill that passed this Senate on a bipartisan basis and refused for over 
a year and a half to address any aspect of immigration. In a fit of pique they said: We are so angry President Obama is going to do something by way of Ex-ecutive order, we are going to withhold regular funding from the Department that protects America from terrorism. 
What were they thinking? Look at 
the world we live in: a world of Charlie Hebdo, a world of beheading of Japa-nese journalists, a world that is in dan-ger of terrorist threat, and the United States has felt that danger. We will never forget what happened on 9/11. After that experience, we made the De-partment of Homeland Security a crit-ical, viable part of America’s defense against terrorism. 
The Republicans have said: No, be-
fore we fund this agency, we have to have five riders on the appropriations bill that attack President Obama. Then we might consider giving regular fund-ing to this Department. One aspect of those riders is particularly troubling. 
It was 14 years ago that I introduced 
the DREAM Act, a simple concept. Children brought to the United States by their parents who are undocu-mented should be given a chance—sim-ple. Children who were brought to the United States as infants and toddlers and had no voice in the decision of their family and end up here undocu-mented should be given a chance—a chance to complete school, to be good citizens, to go on to college, to serve in the military, and then a path to legal status. It is not a radical idea. 
At times many Republicans have 
openly supported the DREAM Act. When we couldn’t pass it I appealed to the President, at least protect these DREAMers from being deported. These kids did nothing wrong. They were brought here by their parents. Why hold these children accountable? The President agreed and 2
1⁄2years ago cre-
ated DACA. 
DACA is an Executive order that says 
to these young people who would other-wise qualify for the DREAM Act, you come forward, you identify yourself, you let us make sure you have no criminal record that would be of worry to anyone, pay your fee, and we will allow you to temporarily stay in the United States as a student or a worker without being deported. It is just that simple. 
We estimate 2 million young children 
are eligible for the DREAM Act—2 mil-lion—and 600,000 have already reg-istered under DACA, the President’s Executive order. 
What did the House Republicans say? 
They said, before we will fund the De-partment of Homeland Security pro-tecting America against terrorism, you have to deport the DREAMers, refuse to renew the DACA protection for 600,000 who have signed up, and refuse to allow any new young person to sign up for this protection. 
I have come to the floor for a long pe-
riod of time and I will continue to be-cause I want people to know what the DREAM Act means. It is something, I 
guess, of significance to stand and give a speech, but it truly doesn’t touch people until they hear actual stories. 
The story I wish to tell today is of a 
young woman whom I know. I was just with her in Chicago. Her name is Karen Villagomez. She was brought to the United States at the age of 2. Inciden-tally, that was the same age my moth-er was brought to the United States as an immigrant. 
Karen was brought here at the age of 
2 from Mexico. She grew up in Chicago. She was an outstanding student, and she always had an interest in public service. In May of 2012 she graduated from the University of Rochester in New York with a major in political science. She was not only the first per-son in her family to graduate from a 4- year college—because Karen Villagomez is undocumented, she didn’t receive one penny of government assistance. She made it through college on her own without any help because as an undocumented young woman that was the only chance she had. 
Just 1 month after she graduated, 
President Obama created the DACA Program. After she applied and cleared and received DACA protection from de-portation, she found a job as a para-legal in a law firm in Chicago, where she has been working for the last 2 years. 
I saw her 1 week ago Friday. She was 
in Chicago, and she is amazing. She served as an intern in my office. She is one of the brightest, most engaging people one could meet. She looked me in the eye and said: Senator, I am going to law school. I have just been accepted. She is supposed to start this fall. But if the House Republicans have their way, this fall she will find herself being deported from the United States of America. 
Think about it. All we have invested 
in her, all we have put into her life in terms of education, not only K–12 but a college degree now, and the House Re-publicans would say to Karen Villagomez: Thank you for being part of America, but no thanks, leave. Take whatever skills you have, whatever de-termination you have to make a dif-ference and take it someplace else. America doesn’t need your idealism, the House Republicans say. 
I couldn’t disagree with them more. 
If they have their way, Karen would never attend law school. She will never be an attorney. She will be deported back to Mexico, a country she hasn’t lived in since she was 2 years old. 
Karen got up every morning in the 
classroom—just as we do on the Senate floor—and pledged allegiance to that flag. That is the only flag she knows. When she sings the national anthem, it is not the national anthem of Mexico, it is the national anthem of the United States of America. Karen wants to be part of the future of this country. 
Two weeks ago when she joined me at 
Erie House in Chicago for a press con-ference, this is what she said: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.002 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S613 January 29, 2015 
DACA represents the values and heritage 
of this country of immigrants; it was the right thing to do and it has changed my life by replacing fear with hope. This executive action gave me an overwhelming sense of re-lief and hope. It lifted me from the shadows. 
Karen’s is one of 2 million stories of 
eligible young people who want to be part of the future of America. 
It is time for the Senate to say no to 
the House on a bipartisan basis. It is time for us to reject this hate-filled amendment process they engaged in that put five riders on this appropria-tions bill to penalize young people such as Karen Villagomez. 
Is that the face of the Republican 
Party of America—deporting Karen Villagomez and saying to her and oth-ers: You are not welcome in America. Leave. 
I don’t think so. There are many Re-
publicans who come to me and say: I support the DREAM Act. So let’s sup-port the DREAM Act. This is their chance. Step up and defeat these hor-rible riders that were attached to this appropriations bill by the House Re-publicans. Step up and give us a chance as a nation to renew our commitment to our diversity, to our heritage as a nation of immigrants, and to renew our commitment to young people such as Karen, whom we have told: If you work hard against the odds and succeed, we want you to be part of our future. 
f 
CUBA 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, earlier 
this month I had a chance to visit Cuba with a delegation of Senators and House Members. We met with Cuban Archbishop Jaime Ortega, who shared the wonderful story of Pope Francis’s efforts to improve relations between the United States and Cuba and to se-cure the release of American prisoner Alan Gross. 
We met with many Cuban reformers 
and activists, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez, foreign ambassadors from many countries, various ministry officials, agriculture, telecommuni-cations, science and technology, and the environment—all areas of consider-able potential for the greater U.S.- Cuban cooperation. 
Our visit came 1 month after Presi-
dent Obama secured the release of Alan Gross and made the historic decision to restore full diplomatic relations with Cuba and begin rolling back over 50 years of failed policies toward that is-land. 
As I have said many times, I am not 
a fan of the Castro regime. It has a troubling history of human rights abuse and suppressing peaceful polit-ical dissent. It has squandered the tal-ents of so many of its own people with a frozen economic and political system, and it has refused to provide a full ac-counting of the tragic death of Cuban activist and patriot Oswaldo Paya. 
But I have also argued that our pol-
icy toward Cuba, which has spanned 11 different U.S. Presidents, has failed— and failed miserably—to bring reform 
and change in Cuba. Our policy toward Cuba has also hurt the United States and our diplomatic standing in the rest of Latin America and the Caribbean, where many—fairly or unfairly—regard U.S.-Cuban policy as an outdated relic of the Cold War. 
So I was delighted and fully sup-
portive when President Obama took this bold move. During my visit I could already see the dividends, most notably in the expressions of hope by the Cuban people. If you go down the streets of Havana, on their pedicabs there are American flags. That would have been unthinkable 2 months ago. Now it is part of their statement that it is time for a new relationship between Cuba and the United States. 
As one Cuban activist starkly told 
me, her talks with others around the island highlighted something she thought had been lost to the Cuban people—a sense of hope. 
We need to do all we can to fulfill the 
hopes of the Cuban people, and one easy way is to provide greater engage-ment with America, with ideas, with energy, with the vibrancy that our Na-tion can offer. 
I am going to join today with my col-
leagues: Republican Senators F
LAKE , 
ENZI, MORAN , and B OOZMAN , as well as 
Democratic Senators L EAHY , U DALL , 
and W HITEHOUSE , to introduce legisla-
tion that will lift the remaining travel restrictions on American travel to Cuba. Representatives S
ANFORD and 
MCGOVERN will have a similar bill in 
the House. 
President Obama recently eased 
these restrictions, but we need to do our part in Congress. It is not only the right thing for the Cuban people; it is the right thing for America. Americans shouldn’t have restrictions on their freedom to travel. We don’t restrict Americans from traveling to nations with whom we fought wars such as Vietnam, and we don’t restrict Ameri-cans from traveling to countries with troubling regimes—North Korea, Iran, and Uzbekistan. 
During the height of the Cold War, 
Americans were allowed to travel to the Soviet Union. So why not Cuba? Why do we still isolate this country? Some say that this is a repressive re-gime, and we don’t want to show rec-ognition to this regime. 
It is just within this week that our 
President visited Saudi Arabia to at-tend the memorial service for the late King of that country. I would daresay there are aspects of the human rights policy of Saudi Arabia which aren’t even close to American standards, and yet we consider them a valuable ally. 
There is also a lesson in history. 
When the Soviet Union started to come down, it was cracking on the edges, in the Baltics, and in the Warsaw Pact. As the other republics saw the outside world, they saw the opportunity and the need for change. 
We have not prevailed with isolation. 
Let’s engage the Cuban people. Let’s engage their economy. Let’s engage 
their minds in thinking about a 21st century far different than the dark days of communism which they have lived under for so many decades. 
I know that several of my colleagues 
here—particularly those of Cuban de-scent—have strong, strong personal and family feelings about our relation-ship with Cuba. I don’t diminish that one bit. There is real suffering that has taken place by their families and many others. 
But I hope we can look to the future, 
look to the next generation, and look to the possibility that we can engage Cuba in a positive way. Ultimately, it will be this new flow of American en-gagement and ideas that will help open Cuba and improve the lives of their people. 
Certainly, we ought to try something 
different. There have been 50 years of isolation, and those 50 years have not worked. Today we are taking the first few steps on a path which I strongly support. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Democrats controlling the first half and the Republicans controlling the final half. 
The Senator from Delaware. 
f 
CUBA 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, while 
Senator D URBIN is still on the floor, I 
wish to say very briefly that we came to the House of Representatives a few years ago in 1983, and we didn’t get a lot of time to speak on the House floor—maybe 1 minute a day if we were lucky. We would say when we were de-bating, when we agreed with somebody: I would like to be associated with the remarks of the gentleman from Illi-nois. 
I would very much like to be associ-
ated with the remarks of the Senator from Illinois. 
I served three tours in Southeast 
Asia during the Vietnam war. We have most-favored-nation trading status, and they enjoy most-favored-nation trading status with us today. 
I like to work out and run. I like to 
run in the mornings. The mornings I stay here, I run down to the Lincoln Memorial, come back by the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, and I am reminded of the 55,000 lives that we lost in that war. Yet we enjoy normal diplomatic relations with that country, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.003 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S614 January 29, 2015 
enjoy most-favored-nation status with 
us. If we can come to this point with Vietnam—after all the loss of life and cost—we should certainly be able to move things along with Cuba. So I ap-plaud what the Senator has said. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that I be added as a cosponsor to S. 299. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I urge 
my colleagues to bring a clean fiscal year 2015 bill for the Department of Homeland Security to the Senate floor as soon as possible. 
Earlier this month the world watched 
in horror as terrorists massacred jour-nalists and other innocent civilians in and around Paris. In December we were stunned as computers at a major cor-poration, Sony Entertainment, were attacked by North Korea. Over the past year, as recently as last week, in fact, we witnessed brutal executions at the hands of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
These events illustrate all too well 
that the threats faced today by Amer-ica and by our allies are real. As a former chairman and now ranking member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, I know this to be the case. 
Nearly 12 years ago, in the wake of 
the terrorist attacks of 9/11, Congress created the Department of Homeland Security—we call it DHS—to help se-cure our Nation and to help ensure that our Nation is protected against these continuing and evolving threats. 
Given the origins of the Department, 
the work the men and women do there every day to keep us safe, and the grave nature of the threats our country faces, it is shocking to me and dis-appointing to me that we are here today having this debate. 
We are now discussing ways we can 
make the Department and its employ-ees more effective. We are not dis-cussing how we can enable them to work better. Senator Coburn and those with whom we served in the last Con-gress did that throughout the year. 
Senator J
OHNSON and I did that just 
yesterday with our first hearing on the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee this year. Unbeliev-ably, as we focused on cyber security attacks, we are debating whether to give this key national security agency funding for the remainder of the fiscal year. 
In order for that Department to effi-
ciently and effectively carry out its critical role, it needs adequate and re-liable funding. They need it. Another short-term budget—or even worse, an-other shutdown—would be bad for the Department and bad for employee mo-rale—very bad. More importantly, though, it would pose a grave threat to our security. Instead of sending us a straight-
forward clean funding bill for the De-partment, the House has unfortunately sent us a bill that includes a number of amendments aimed at undermining the President’s immigration policies. 
Many of our colleagues on both sides 
have significant concerns with these amendments, and the President has in-dicated that he would veto the funding bill if the amendments stay attached to it. Thus, these amendments jeop-ardize passage of the bill, and they threaten to prolong the crippling budg-et uncertainty the Department of Homeland Security has operated under. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity already has a lot to say grace over. We do them no favor by playing games with their budget. 
I understand why some of our col-
leagues are upset about the President’s immigration policies, and we should have a debate about those concerns. But first we should be doing what we have been asked to do by giving the De-partment of Homeland Security the re-sources that it needs to keep Ameri-cans safe in an ever more dangerous world. 
Two of our colleagues, Senator 
J
EANNE SHAHEEN and B ARBARA MIKUL-
SKI, have introduced a clean appropria-
tions bill that mirrors funding provi-sions of the House bill. Overall, funding provisions in their bill, S. 272—which I understand both Democrats and Repub-licans on the Appropriations Com-mittee agreed to last year, last Decem-ber—in fact, provides for $39.6 billion in discretionary funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. That is an increase of $400 million above last year’s funding, but this measure is more than just a funding bill. 
To my colleagues who want to do 
what we can now to protect our coun-try from the kinds of attacks we have been seeing around the world of late, I say: Support a clean DHS funding bill. 
To our colleagues who want reforms 
at the U.S. Secret Service, I say: Sup-port a clean DHS funding bill. A clean bill would provide the resources the Se-cret Service needs to carry out much- needed reforms in the wake of the most recent White House fence-jumper inci-dent and other security lapses. 
To my colleagues whose States need 
to recover from this week’s blizzards or to prepare for the next storm, let me just say: Support a clean DHS funding bill. 
We need to ensure that FEMA and 
our States have access to nearly $2.6 billion in grants to respond to future disasters—both natural and manmade. 
To my colleagues who want stronger 
border security and immigration en-forcement, a clean DHS funding bill is what we ought to be rallying around. The clean bill put forward by Senator S
HAHEEN and M IKULSKI would take ad-
ditional measures to secure our border and enforce our immigration laws, something I know is a priority to me and, I think, to all of our colleagues. In fact, most of the funding increase in the Shaheen-Mikulski bill would go to 
border security and immigration en-forcement. 
The bill our colleagues have put for-
ward contains a little more than $10 billion for Customs and Border Protec-tion, an increase of approximately $118 million above last year’s enacted level. 
This funding level would support the largest operational force level for the Agency in its history—maintaining over 21,000 Border Patrol agents and supporting the new funding level for nearly 24,000 officers. 
The Shaheen-Mikulski bill would 
also enable Customs and Border Pro-tection to fly more patrols along our maritime and land borders and to con-tinue purchasing new force-multi-plying gear and equipment. It would also increase funding for critical sur-veillance technologies along our bor-der, especially along areas such as the Rio Grande Valley, by some $20 mil-lion. 
As our colleagues will recall, last 
year our Nation saw tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors and families from Central America come to our southern border. This clean full-year funding bill would provide Immigration and Customs Enforcement $689 million more than last year’s funding to help address the additional needs associated with that surge. Specifically, it in-
cludes $3.4 billion for immigration de-tention and funds 34,000 adult deten-tion beds. 
The Shaheen-Mikulski bill would 
also fully fund the employment eligi-bility verification system, known as E- Verify, which helps businesses to en-sure they are hiring legal employees. 
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh 
Johnson recently said—and I fully agree with him—that to deny his De-partment full-year funding would actu-ally hurt our border security. 
We cannot continue to default to 
short-term continuing resolutions and force the Department to cut corners and scramble to fund its highest prior-ities. As we have learned over these years, stopgap crisis budgeting is an egregious waste of money. Let me say that again—an egregious waste of money. By shutting down the Depart-ment or keeping it on a continuing res-olution, we will waste tens of millions of taxpayer dollars, including the cost of renegotiating contracts, lost em-ployee and contractor productivity, and lost training. For example, it would delay the award of a $600 million contract to build a national security cutter that the Coast Guard needs. 
But there is more than just a finan-
cial impact. The dramatic con-sequences of failing to provide full-year funding for the Department will be felt throughout our country. While most of the Department’s workforce will con-tinue to perform essential functions in the event of a shutdown, the bulk of its management and administrative sup-port activities would cease and front-line personnel would not receive the support they need. It would be like try-ing to fight a war without planners, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.005 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S615 January 29, 2015 
without logistics, and without supplies. 
It would be like us here in the Senate working without our staffs. We might be able to find a way to get our work done, but we wouldn’t be as effective. And those at DHS who are required to come to work if a shutdown were to occur would not be paid until Congress restores funding. Essentially, a large part of our Federal homeland security efforts would be operating under an IOU. 
A stopgap budget or a shutdown 
would also further degrade employee morale at the Department of Homeland Security. As many of us know, the De-partment continues to rank dead last— dead last—among all other large Fed-eral agencies when it comes to work-force morale. 
While Secretary Johnson, Deputy 
Secretary Mayorkas, and their team are taking important steps to make the agency a better place to work—and we are helping them—the Department still lacks a strong sense of cohesion and a sense of team. But Congress too has a responsibility. Providing this large and complex agency the funding it needs would be a terrific next step. 
If my colleagues and I expect the De-
partment of Homeland Security and other Federal agencies to show im-proved outcomes, we cannot continue to play games with their budgets and expect them to not feel the negative consequences. No business owner or manager could be expected to be effec-tive and efficient under these condi-tions. The leadership of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security is no ex-ception. 
A clean Homeland Security funding 
bill for the rest of the fiscal year is the fiscally responsible step to take. If we deny them that funding, we will not be punishing the President. In a sense, we will be punishing a number of the em-ployees. But most of all we will be pun-ishing taxpayers because we are wast-ing their money and we are dimin-ishing and reducing the kind of secu-rity they need in this country today. 
Let me just say, don’t take my word 
for this. Our good friend Tom Ridge, the first Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and a former Republican Governor, with whom I served, said: 
I would be very, very disappointed if I were 
Secretary, and the Democrats did it to me . . . It’s pretty difficult to plan long term when you don’t know exactly how much you’re going to have available and what strings might be attached to it. Give them the funding they need. 
And I would say to our Republican 
colleagues, give them the funding they need. 
For these reasons, I urge our col-
leagues in the Senate to join me in doing the right thing in supporting passage of a clean full-year appropria-tions bill for the Department of Home-land Security and rejecting the amend-ments approved by the House. It would be irresponsible for us to continue kicking the can down the road when it comes to national security, and we cer-tainly cannot afford to let this vital 
agency’s funding run out. 
I ask my colleagues to think about 
what we are trying to accomplish by failing to provide the Department of Homeland Security with the funds they need to operate. The American voters sent Congress a clear message on elec-tion day. This is what they said: They want us to work together. They want us to get things done. And they espe-cially want us to enhance our economic recovery. Given recent events around the world, they also want us to do all we can to keep them and their families safe. We need to show Americans through our actions here in Wash-ington that we have heard them. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me 
first thank Senator C ARPER for his 
comments on the need for us to pass a homeland security appropriations bill. 
I think our constituents would be 
surprised to learn that we have not passed an appropriations bill that funds for this fiscal year the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, a criti-cally important agency that keeps us safe. 
We know the challenges around the 
world. We know the challenges to our homeland. Yet we haven’t passed a full- year Homeland Security bill. Instead, we have legislation that has come over from the House that is more interested in picking political fights on immigra-tion policy—when we should be to-gether on immigration policy—and holding up the funding for Homeland Security. 
I thank Senator C
ARPER , who is the 
ranking Democrat on that committee, for bringing to our attention that the best thing for us to do is to take up the Shaheen-Mikulski bill, which is a clean reauthorization of the appropriations for this year, so we can get through this year, and then we can debate im-migration on an immigration bill, de-bate next year’s budget on a budget bill, and not have the politics of the House interfere with the funding for Homeland Security. 
f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LIB-
ERATION OF AUSCHWITZ AND BIRKENAU 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take 
this time to bring to my colleagues’ at-tention that January 27 represented the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz and Birkenau—Ausch-witz, the concentration camp that be-came a death camp; and Birkenau, a death camp, located in Poland, that was liberated by the Allied Forces on January 27, 1945. 
There were 1.3 million Jews, Poles, 
and other minorities who were de-ported to Auschwitz and Birkenau be-tween 1940 and 1945. Of that 1.3 million, 1.1 million died in these camps. 
I had a chance in 2004 to visit both 
Auschwitz and Birkenau, and it was emotionally draining. It was a site that 
is hard to imagine, to see the cruelty and the barbaric activities of humans against other humans. From looking at the rooms in which medical experi-ments were done on human beings, who ultimately died, to seeing the gas chambers, it very much affected my perspective on humanity and life. 
In the United States we are blessed. I 
can practice my religion and don’t have to fear losing my head. I can dis-agree with my government and know I am not going to be locked up for doing it. We should never take those liberties for granted. I think our freedoms give us a special responsibility to make sure that when we say never again, that it becomes a reality, that it becomes real. 
We also have a responsibility to re-
member the victims of the Holocaust. In the Jewish religion, we have Yom Hashoah, a separate day set aside to recognize that. We need to learn from the survivors. I will always remember the times I had a chance to talk to Leo Bretholz. He was a constituent of mine who escaped the trains taking him to Auschwitz. He was an inspiration to all of us who learned more about the cir-cumstances surrounding the Holocaust. Unfortunately, he passed away last year. Leo advocated for the repatri-ation of victims, particularly from the French railway SNCF, and we were ul-timately successful in getting those funds. 
This all underscores the importance 
of Holocaust education. When we say never again, let’s always remember what happened over 70 years ago under Nazi rule. Let’s have Holocaust edu-cation so young people understand the consequences of the cruelty and the consequences of not getting engaged. 
Let’s also help the survivors. I very 
much want to acknowledge that in the United States we have many survivors from the Holocaust, and over half of them live under the Federal poverty line. They are so fearful of being insti-tutionalized, and we can understand that. I thank Senator M
IKULSKI and the 
appropriators for putting money in the omnibus appropriations bill last year to help provide assistance so these sur-vivors can get the services they are en-titled to under our law. Sometimes they can’t work their way through it. I was proud to help in those efforts. 
I also thank Vice President B
IDEN for 
his leadership in the Obama adminis-tration. 
I thank those on the Health, Edu-
cation, Labor and Pensions Committee in the Older Americans Act reauthor-ization that was acted on this week be-cause they include services for Holo-caust survivors so that they will have easier access to government services. 
Lastly, let me thank Senators M
I-
KULSKI and K IRK. I joined both of them 
in a Senate resolution to commemo-rate the 70th anniversary of the libera-tion of Auschwitz and Birkenau. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee that I serve on unanimously approved that resolution for consideration on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.007 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S616 January 29, 2015 
the Senate floor, and I thank Senators 
CORKER and M ENENDEZ for their help. 
As I think most Members of this 
body know, I have been an active par-ticipant in the Helsinki Commission. I am the democratic leader, working with Senator W
ICKER . The Helsinki 
Commission is known for its participa-tion in the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, but I think it is best known because we put a spotlight on human rights issues. We try to live up to that motto ‘‘never again.’’ We try to say we will not let violations of basic human rights go un-challenged. 
So on this 70th anniversary of the 
liberation of Auschwitz and Birkenau, which are the iconic symbols today of the Holocaust, let’s rededicate our-selves to making sure that ‘‘never again’’ becomes a reality. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise 
first to thank my colleague from Mary-land for his eloquent words on the Hol-ocaust and the survivors of the Holo-caust and the compelling voices that came out of those death camps. 
In addition, my colleague has always 
been a champion for human rights, whether it is on the Helsinki Commis-sion, whether it is his advocacy to let Soviet Jews get out of the Soviet Union. Where people are repressed or facing attacks or persecution, he has always been on their side, and also ac-tually meeting with the Holocaust sur-vivors in our own community to bring a lot of attention to what we can do and to actually putting money in the Federal checkbook. 
With all that effort at survival and 
making it to the United States, the survivors of the Holocaust, who were children then and would now be in their eighties and nineties—imagine that—should not live in poverty, they should not fear institutionalization, and they should not fear destitution. So I thank my colleague for his advo-cacy, and I look forward to working with him on this and also say ‘‘never again.’’ 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor as the ranking mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee, and I come to ask my colleagues to bring to the floor and pass a clean Homeland Security appropriations bill for fiscal year 2015. 
This isn’t just Senator B
ARBMIKUL-
SKIcalling for this but also the former 
heads of Homeland Security under President Bush and also under Presi-dent Obama. The very first head of that agency, Gov. Tom Ridge, along with Mr. Chertoff and Janet Napoli-tano, have written to H
ARRY REIDand 
MITCH MCCONNELL and said: Please, as 
former Secretaries of Homeland Secu-rity, we write to you today to respect-fully request that you consider decou-
pling critical legislation to fund the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2015 from a legislative re-sponse to President Obama’s actions on 
immigration. 
They feel that: 
. . . by tethering a bill to fund DHS in FY 
2015 to a legislative response to the Presi-dent’s executive actions on immigration . . . 
—it could lead to a shutdown of 
Homeland Security. 
We don’t want a shutdown. I won’t go through the entire letter. 
They conclude with: 
It is imperative that we ensure that DHS is 
ready, willing, and able to protect the Amer-ican people. To that end, we urge you not to risk the funding for the operations that pro-tect every American and to pass a clean DHS funding bill. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the letter be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
U.S. Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. H
ARRY REID, 
U.S. Senate Minority Leader, Washington, DC. 
As former U.S.Secretaries of Homeland Se-
curity, we write to you today to respectfully request that you consider decoupling critical legislation to fund the Department of Home-land Security (DHS) in Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 from a legislative response to President Obama’s executive actions on immigration. 
As the recent terrorist attacks in Paris 
and the cyber-attacks on a major American corporation and on the U.S. Military’s Cen-tral Command remind us, the threats facing the U.S. are very real. The national security role that DHS plays, and by extension the funding that allows it to carry out its vital national security mission, is critical to en-suring that our nation is safe from harm. Funding for the DHS is used to protect our ports and our borders; to secure our air trav-el and cargo; to protect the federal govern-ment and our nation’s information, tech-nology, and infrastructure from cyber-at-tacks; to fund essential law enforcement ac-tivities; to guard against violent extremists; to mobilize response networks after emer-gencies; and to ensure the safety of the presi-dent and national leaders. 
Moreover, we appreciate that Congress pos-
sesses the authority to authorize and appro-priate funds expended by the federal govern-ment. We do not question your desire to have a larger debate about the nation’s immigra-tion laws. However, we cannot emphasize enough that the DHS’s responsibilities are much broader than its responsibility to over-see the federal immigration agencies and to protect our borders. And funding for the en-tire agency should not be put in jeopardy by the debate about immigration. The President has said very publicly that he will ‘‘oppose any legislative effort to undermine the exec-utive actions that he’’ has taken on immi-gration. Therefore, by tethering a bill to fund DHS in FY 2015 to a legislative response to the President’s executive actions on im-migration, the likelihood of a Department of Homeland Security shutdown increases. 
It is imperative that we ensure that DHS is 
ready, willing, and able to protect the Amer-ican people. To that end, we urge you not to risk funding for the operations that protect every American and to pass a clean DHS funding bill. Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL CHERTOFF . 
TOMRIDGE. 
JANET NAPOLITANO . 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, the 
Department of Homeland Security was established right after the terrible at-tack on the United States of America on September 11, 2001. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity is a big agency, but protecting the homeland is a big job, and DHS em-ployees are on the job every day: the Coast Guard safeguarding our water-ways; Secret Service, not only pro-tecting the President, the First Fam-ily, the Vice President, but also doing other important tasks; the Border Pa-trol and ICE—Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement—securing our bor-ders against smugglers, traffickers, and other illegal immigrants; cyber war-riors—people protecting us against bio and nuclear threats, and then also working with the first responders; FEMA—everything to protecting us in the event of an attack on the home-land, to having readiness and response and shelters and so on, to helping us now in hurricanes and blizzards such as we are facing in the northeast. It all helps State and local responders to have the resources they need to be able to respond at the local level. 
The Firefighters Grant Program is so 
beloved in our communities where, through competitive exercise, they can go for grants to buy respiratory equip-ment, the new firetrucks and so on that they need. In my community, they can’t come up with this equip-ment on just fish fries and pancake breakfasts. We need a government on our side. Unfortunately, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding runs out on February 27. 
Now let me give the background. When we came back in September, 
facing the fact we had to have a con-tinuing resolution to get us through the fiscal year and the election cycle, the Congress passed legislation, and then on December 13 when we did the omnibus, we passed an omnibus bill for every single agency with the exception of Homeland Security. So every single agency, from the Department of De-fense to the Department of Health and Human Services, Education, the weath-er services, all of these important pro-grams, NIH, were funded through the fiscal year. But we put Homeland Secu-rity on a CR because there was an in-tense and actually very prickly con-cern over the President’s Executive ac-tion on immigration. So rather than hold up the whole funding of the United States of America over temper- tantrum politics over Obama’s Execu-tive action on immigration, we went to a CR, a continuing resolution, on 
Homeland Security. The Homeland Se-curity was to take us to February 27, where wiser heads—and now complete control by the Republican Party— would be able to move this for full funding. 
So where are we? Well, during that 
time in December, as the chair of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.008 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S617 January 29, 2015 
Committee on Appropriations, with my 
vice chairman Senator R ICHARD  
SHELBY , Senator D ANCOATS , and the 
Subcommittee on Homeland Security, Senator D
ANCOATS and Senator Mary 
Landrieu, we came up with a fiscal framework. So did the House. They came up with it. So the very money that we put into the CR and the clean bill that Senator S
HAHEEN —now the 
ranking member—and I had, has the funding for Homeland Security that Homeland Security says it needs and we have arrived at on a bipartisan basis. 
If in fact we are allowed to bring up 
a clean bill, we have agreed on the money. There is no dispute over the money. We have looked very carefully at it. We worked on a bipartisan basis. We worked on a bicameral basis. We are ready to go. What will slow us down is if we get into an intense debate on immigration and riders to try to stop the activities of President Obama. 
I strongly recommend to my col-
leagues: Do not play politics with the security of the United States of Amer-ica. We were all horror stricken at what happened in Paris. We are re-pulsed at what is going on with ISIL. We are very concerned about lone-wolf attacks. We worry—and the chair of the authorizing committee on Home-land Security in the House has said: They are coming here, they are coming here, they are on their way. We have got to be ready. Well, one of the ways we have got to be ready is to make sure the resources in Homeland Security are funded and that they are not worried about a shutdown, showdown, slamdown politics over a fight on im-migration. 
Should we have a discussion on im-
migration? You bet. Should we even have an outright robust debate on it? I am all for it. But leave Homeland Se-curity alone. Pass the money bill. If you disagree with the money, argue over that. But if you want to fight over immigration policy, that is another de-bate for another day in another way. 
The Nation faces growing threats 
where Americans are endangered at home and abroad. Terrorists are threatening us with bombs and guns, and lone wolves in Ottawa, organized radicals in Paris, cyber criminals with backing from nation states and orga-nized crime. 
In terms of the Secret Service, we 
have the need to reform the Secret Service. We have fence jumpers at the White House, drones landing on the White House lawn. 
In the face of these threats, the Re-
publican majority’s response is to hold the funding of Homeland Security up to pick a fight with the President over immigration. Uncertainty undermines security. Let’s give the Agency cer-tainty of funding. 
We are 4 months into the fiscal year. 
Another continuing funding resolution would be the fifth continuing resolu-tion. That is no way to run an agency so big, so complicated. Senator C
OATS and Senator Landrieu 
and our House colleagues worked so well to come up with the bill. They provide resources for DHS, with the total funding of $39.7 billion, an in-crease of over $400 million above the fiscal year 2014. We could pass that today. We could pass it on Monday, we could pass it on Tuesday. 
All of my Democratic colleagues and 
I wrote a letter to Senator M
CCONNELL  
asking him to schedule an immediate vote on a clean vote on Homeland Se-curity. Well, let’s see where we go on that. 
What we have here, the clean bill of-
fered by Senator S
HAHEEN —now the 
ranking member on the Homeland Se-curity Subcommittee on Appropria-tions—and I have a compromise fund-ing bill that gives certainty to the peo-ple who work on the front lines to se-cure the Nation, whether it is securing the border, whether it is building ca-pacity to meet agricultural and bio-logical threats, whether it is replacing aging nuclear detection equipment, also helping our Coast Guard build their national security cutter so the Coast Guard can protect us against drug runners, pirates, terrorists. 
More than any other specific in-
crease, enacting a clean Homeland Se-curity bill shows the Congress and the Nation value. We do value security, and we value the men and women who work every day to provide us with that security. Uncertainty jeopardizes secu-rity. We value them. 
I urge my colleagues to put their 
money where their mouths are to enact a clean homeland security bill, and not to get into this whole debate with im-migration. 
I look forward—as we wrap up the de-
bate on the Keystone Pipeline, we then take up Homeland Security and we take up a clean bill. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. Mr. BOOZMAN addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold? 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I 
would say to the Senator from Arkan-sas, my time was delayed. I hope I have not slowed the Senator down this morning. I didn’t realize you were here. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. No, No. I thank the 
Senator. Everything is fine. We appre-ciate the Senator, as always. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL 
STEVE GRAY, RETIRED 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to take a few moments to honor a true champion of veterans, retired Lt. Col. Steve Gray, who is set to retire from public service at the end of this month after nearly 16 years of helping his fel-low veterans in Arkansas. 
Since I came to Washington 13 years 
ago, Steve has served on my staff advo-cating for the needs of servicemembers and veterans across the Nation. He has been a trusted aide whose rep-
utation in Arkansas’s veterans commu-nity is second to none. His passion and advocacy has resulted in better service offerings at veterans facilities across Arkansas. It is reflected in the lives that he has helped make better by solv-ing an individual’s problems at the VA. 
If Steve was able to track down mili-
tary medals a veteran earned but never received, those medals weren’t just dropped in the mail. Steve would criss-cross the State, personally delivering them, dressed in his Air Force blues, and present them with the stories of the veteran’s time in service. 
A veteran himself, Steve served hon-
orably in the Air Force as a tactical air controller, with assignments as direc-tor of operations and commander in Virginia, Vietnam, California, Utah, Florida, Colorado, Kansas, and Iceland. 
He also served as national director 
for the National Guard recruiting, re-tention, and advertising at the Pen-tagon. His final assignment before re-tiring with the rank of lieutenant colo-nel was in Germany where he served as an adviser to the commander and chief of the Air Force in Europe. 
Along with the work he does in an of-
ficial capacity, Steve is active in a number of veterans service organiza-tions, including the American Legion and the Wounded Warrior Program. 
He has served as vice president of the 
Arkansas Council of Military Officers Association of America. 
I am excited for Steve as he embarks 
on the next chapter of his life, but we are losing a fantastic advocate for Ar-kansas veterans. However, I know that my staff will continue to provide the best possible service to Arkansas’s vet-erans as we have the blueprint on how to do it right, thanks to Steve. He has literally set the gold standard on how to deliver for veterans. 
I know also that in retirement Steve 
does not mean to fade from sight. Steve is not the slowing-down type of personality. Certainly he will take some time to travel with his wife Shar-on in their retired life. But along with the relaxation, Steve has grand plans to travel the country singing at vet-erans retirement homes, and he intends to stay active with the Arkansas Vet-erans Coalition. This is his calling, his passion, and I am quite certain Steve will continue to work with the vet-erans community for years to come. 
Thank you, Steve, for your service in 
uniform, your dedication to your fellow veterans, and most of all thank you for your friendship. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). The senior Senator from 
South Dakota. 
f 
HELPING THE MIDDLE CLASS 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, last week 
President Obama came over to Con-gress to deliver his annual State of the Union Address. His speech focused heavily on something Republicans have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.010 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S618 January 29, 2015 
been talking about for the last 6 years: 
helping the middle class. Occasionally the President even sounded as if he had stolen a line from Republicans, which I can assure you Republicans were happy to provide. 
Seriously, Republicans were glad to 
hear the President pivoting back to the middle class. Providing relief for the middle class is the Republican priority in the new Congress and we are eager to work with the President to get things done for American families. 
Unfortunately the President’s speech 
didn’t show the same willingness to work together. In fact, Wolf Blitzer from CNN said: ‘‘I don’t remember a State of the Union Address where I heard a President issue so many veto threats to the opposite party in the United States Congress.’’ 
While it was good to hear the Presi-
dent focus on the middle class, his ac-tual proposals for helping them left much to be desired, because unfortu-nately they were more of the same top- down, big government policies that have failed to help Americans over the past 6 years. For example, the Presi-dent proposed a new tax on middle- class families’ college savings ac-counts—the last thing families need when they want to save for their chil-dren to go to college. Fortunately, the President because he received so much pressure has been forced to withdraw this particular proposal, but his speech contained a lot of other proposals that would not provide the help American families need. 
If there is anything the past 6 years 
have shown, it is that big government is not the solution to our economic challenges. In fact, it is the cause of many of our economic problems. 
Take a look at ObamaCare. A Gallup 
poll released last week found that health care costs are one of American families’ top two concerns. It is no wonder. ObamaCare was supposed to help our Nation’s health care problems. It was supposed to drive down pre-miums and make health care more af-fordable. Instead, it has generally done the opposite. 
Since ObamaCare became law in 2010, 
health care premiums have risen. Mil-lions of Americans have lost their health insurance plans. Others have lost access to doctors or to convenient hospitals. Still others are stuck in in-surance plans paying more for less cov-erage. Then of course there are all the problems the law has created for work-ers and businesses and the pain mil-lions of Americans will be feeling this tax season when they discover they owe the government money from their ObamaCare subsidies or that they must pay a tax penalty for failing to have government-approved health insurance. 
The American Action Forum re-
cently ran the numbers and estimated that 6,000 people in South Dakota will have to pay the ObamaCare tax penalty for not having government-approved health insurance. According to a calcu-lator on the Wall Street Journal’s Web site, the average individual in South 
Dakota will pay a $394 penalty this year, while the average family of four in South Dakota will pay a $650 pen-alty. Now that is a lot of money. That is a lot of money for a family in South Dakota, and it is only going to go up because the tax penalty will rise in 2016. 
As we can see on this chart, South 
Dakotans could be spending that tax money on a number of essential items if they didn’t have to pay the penalty. In fact, for $394 in South Dakota you can buy 201 gallons of gas at current South Dakota prices, buy 6 weeks of groceries or make 1.1 car payments with that amount of money. That is for an individual and the amount they can be basically hit with in terms of the tax penalty. 
If we look at how this impacts a typ-
ical South Dakota family—and the dis-tinguished Chair knows exactly what I am talking about—if they didn’t have to pay that $650 tax penalty, it could be used for 332 gallons of gas in South Da-kota at South Dakota prices, 3 weeks of groceries or almost two car pay-ments. If we think about 332 gallons of gas in South Dakota, that would cover a lot of trips to school or to football practice or to dance practice. These are real-world impacts on real people. As ObamaCare has demonstrated, big gov-ernment is not the answer. 
While it is great the President wants 
to focus on helping the middle class who suffered for years under his poli-cies, he cannot help them if he insists on pushing more of the same failed top- down, big government policies. The last few years have involved laying a lot of burden on American workers and on the American economy to fund big government programs and the Presi-dent’s pet projects. 
Take the ObamaCare tax on life-
saving medical devices such as pace-makers and insulin pumps. This tax was put in place to help pay for the President’s health care law, but it has ended up negatively affecting jobs in this industry. Even Democrats who voted for the President’s health care law are pushing to get rid of this tax. 
Take the Obama Interior Depart-
ment’s recent decision to push for clos-ing off large swaths of Alaska to en-ergy development that would create jobs and benefit Alaska’s economy, as well as strengthen America’s energy independence or take the crippling new energy rules the President’s EPA has proposed, such as a new tax on coal- fired powerplants that could result in the loss of tens of thousands of jobs and devastate entire communities; likewise, the EPA proposal to lower the ozone standard that would be the most expensive EPA regulation in his-tory. 
I intend to reintroduce my bill, the 
bipartisan CASE Act, to make sure we tackle places with the worst smog in the country before forcing cleaner areas to meet what is an impossible standard. If we want to fix the economy, we 
have to stop weighing it down with taxes and regulations. We have to re-ject yesterday’s stale policies with their focus on taxing, spending, and regulating. Instead of pushing big gov-ernment solutions, we need to rebuild our economy from the bottom up. 
Republicans are focused on the future 
that embraces and fights for the poten-tial of the people, not government. That means passing legislation to free businesses to create jobs. It means re-forming our Tax Code to put more money in the pockets of American fam-ilies and to make it easier for Amer-ican businesses to compete around the globe. It means eliminating the kind of heavy Washington spending that is weakening the economy and piling up debt on the backs of the next genera-tion of Americans. It means getting rid of redtape and regulations that are sti-fling energy development and the jobs that go along with it and preventing more American businesses from grow-ing and hiring new workers. It means opening new markets abroad for Amer-ican manufacturing and American farm products. 
The past 6 years have not been kind 
to American families. A recent Reuters story opened by saying, ‘‘Barack Obama enters the final 2 years of his legacy with a blemish on his legacy that looks impossible to erase: the de-cline of the middle class he has prom-ised to rescue.’’ 
Household income has fallen by more 
than $2,000 on the President’s watch, according to Sentier Research. Mean-while, prices have gone up. Millions of Americans are unemployed while mil-lions more are stuck with part-time jobs because they cannot find more work. Millions of other Americans are so discouraged with not finding work over the past 6 years that they gave up looking and dropped out of the labor force entirely. Wage growth has re-mained stagnant during the Obama Presidency. As a CNN headline put it after the President’s State of the Union Address, ‘‘Obama says wages are growing. They’re not.’’ 
It is no surprise middle-class families 
aren’t feeling an economic recovery or that Americans list lack of money and low wages as one of their top financial concerns. 
A New York Times headline from 
Sunday read ‘‘Middle Class Shrinks Further As More Fall Out Instead of Climbing Up.’’ 
It doesn’t have to stay this way. Re-
publicans don’t believe in a permanent middle-class decline. If we stop govern-ment from weighing down our economy with taxes and regulations and start freeing businesses to create new jobs and opportunities for American work-ers, our economy will rebound and the middle class will feel the effects. 
Republicans are already working on 
legislation to help the middle class and we will be sending our first job-cre-ating bill with legislation to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.012 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S619 January 29, 2015 
42,000 jobs it will support during con-
struction to the President very short-ly. We hope the President will sign it. 
American families have had to spend 
6 years in this economy. They shouldn’t have to wait any longer for relief. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
Mr. ROBERTS. Thank you, Mr. 
President. I would like to thank my distinguished colleague from South Da-kota, Senator T
HUNE , for his very com-
prehensive review of where we are with the economy and the need for the Key-stone Pipeline to pass. As always, Sen-ator T
HUNE in a very articulate manner 
made the case for our country to be-come more energy independent and also touched on national security and the stagnant situation we face with our economy. 
I thank the Senator for his remarks. 
f 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, in this 
new Congress we have an opportunity and a responsibility to address an issue of utmost importance to every Amer-ican: the current dysfunction at the In-ternal Revenue Service. 
I do not use the word ‘‘dysfunction’’ 
lightly, but I reach that conclusion when I see the agency systematically suppress the political activity and free speech rights of American citizens. I also reach that judgment when I see the agency unable to effectively police its personnel, as seen in the tax delin-quency levels of the agency’s staff, when bonuses have been awarded to these same employees. These are crit-ical issues we must address, particu-larly as we in Congress face our obliga-tion to reform our tax system. 
The IRS targeting of conservative 
and other groups that came to light way back in May 2013 is neither a triv-ial issue, nor one we can ignore—no more back burner. This is a front-burn-er issue. 
We have hit many roadblocks in this 
investigation, and it is certainly pre-mature for us to reach any conclusions or to make concrete recommendations on how to address the IRS targeting. That being said, we have a pretty clear sense of what happened. In my view, this egregious conduct and the conde-scending response by the top IRS offi-cials should come to a screeching halt. For over 2 years the IRS targeted con-servative and many other groups ap-plying for tax-exempt status with inap-propriately intrusive information re-quests. The IRS also delayed proc-essing these applications, and accord-ing to recent reports has continued to delay processing applications. It hasn’t stopped—amazing, simply amazing. 
When the targeting came to light, 
senior members of the agency tried to cover up the IRS’ actions by providing incomplete and misleading information to Congress about what was being done. Very recently we learned the agency has found tens of thousands of 
pages of information relating to the targeting. The review of these docu-ments has not yet begun. 
The good news is that the inspector 
general for the IRS has these records now. The bad news is that there are technical difficulties processing those records. The Senate Finance Com-mittee has yet to receive this informa-tion as the investigation continues. There is no doubt the review will lead to further interviews with officials in the IRS and other government agen-cies. 
The actions of the IRS and its leader-
ship have profound implications for re-form of our overly complex and anti-quated Federal tax system. Let me quote from the Internal Revenue Serv-ice mission statement: The IRS tries to provide America’s taxpayers ‘‘top qual-ity service’’ by helping them under-stand and meet their tax responsibil-ities. They are meant to do all this— this is the underlying, this is the one statement the IRS should remember every day—‘‘with integrity and fair-ness to all.’’ With integrity and fair-ness to all. 
Now in the targeting scandal, I be-
lieve the IRS is no longer the neutral tax collector its mission states it to be and that the IRS is inappropriately open to a partisan political agenda of the White House and its allies, if not to working as a direct tool or means of suppression to the right of free speech. 
The other issue with the IRS also 
showing its dysfunction relates to the tax compliance of IRS employees and in fact the compliance level of Federal employees all across our government. As of September 2013, Federal employ-ees were delinquent on $3.4 billion in taxes. Yes, that is right—1,500 Treasury employees were delinquent, owing close to $10 million. While in the grand scheme of Federal finances it is a very small amount, it is tremendously gall-ing and sends a terrible message to tax-payers to know that many of these em-ployees were awarded bonuses—they were awarded bonuses—even though they owed back taxes. 
Let me be perfectly clear. Any em-
ployee who deliberately ignores the process and procedures for fulfilling their tax obligations like every other American must be held accountable. This is a basic principle upon which I think we can all agree. When these public employees serve at the IRS, their lack of willingness to pay their tax obligations calls into question the integrity of the agency. It is uncon-scionable that there are tax delinquents working as tax collectors. 
In these two matters, it is very clear 
that the IRS is again not conducting itself with integrity and fairness—far from it. The crux of the issue is that neither the Congress nor the tax-pay-ing public can have any confidence that the agency acts in an evenhanded manner or with the best interest of the taxpayer at heart. 
This is a very troubling at a time 
when the IRS’s role in the economy and in people’s lives has been greatly 
expanded by ObamaCare. From the very first, the idea of using the IRS to implement and enforce ObamaCare is an anathema to common sense. 
It is bad enough now when taxpayers 
are audited. Nobody likes to hear that knock on the door or receive a tele-phone call or email after being tar-geted for their political beliefs and blocked from exercising their free speech rights. But to expand the role of this agency into everyone’s health care decisions is just plain wrong. That is a box canyon we should not ride into. 
Tax reform presents us with the op-
portunity to look at these issues much more closely. When we have completed these investigations and have issued reports, I will review the results very carefully to see what legislative fixes to the IRS and the Tax Code may be necessary. Make no mistake about it, I am not going to let this slip from the radar, and we should not let this slip from the radar with regard to the Sen-ate Finance Committee. There are too many blips on the screen—large blips. 
I hear from Kansans every day who 
are fed up with the IRS. I think most Members in this body feel the same way. There is a lot of discontent with the tax system and its enforcement, and there are regular calls for even scrapping the whole collection appa-ratus. I agree we need to take a hard look at tax reform in the agency. 
Of course we have an immediate obli-
gation to take up tax reform, and the Finance Committee will do so, but the question remains: If we are successful in reforming the Tax Code—truly climbing that mountain—how can we turn a reformed code over to an IRS that is so rife with scandal? 
The other action we must take im-
mediately is to block the IRS from taking any further steps to restrict constitutional free speech rights. This is why just yesterday I joined with my colleague from Arizona Senator F
LAKE  
to again introduce legislation to pre-vent the IRS from moving forward with a regulation project on the political ac-tivities of social welfare groups, the 501(c)(4) regulations. 
It is completely inappropriate for the 
agency to move forward with this project until we understand what went on and what structural and procedural changes are needed at the Internal Revenue Service to prevent the tar-geting of political opponents from ever happening again. Senator F
LAKE and I 
have proposed a very straightforward and commonsense approach to this challenge. We simply halt further ac-tion on the proposed regulations until the congressional investigations into the IRS actions are completed. 
The bill we have introduced freezes 
further IRS actions for 2 years and would make it clear the IRS can only enforce the regulations that were in 
place before all the targeting began. 
I also wish to make it clear that we 
can no longer tolerate rewarding gov-ernment workers who cannot be both-ered to comply with our tax laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.013 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S620 January 29, 2015 
So today I am offering legislation to 
block Federal employees who are delin-quent on their Federal taxes—here is the key—and making no effort to pay their tax liability; we will block them from receiving a bonus or award from the Federal Government. If someone is a Federal employee, they should not be receiving a bonus if they are not mak-ing an effort to pay back taxes. 
I think the purpose of my bill is very 
simple. If someone is a Federal worker, they should be making a good-faith ef-fort to pay their taxes like everybody else or at least work with the IRS to pay down their debt. Holding Federal employees accountable for their tax debt may even foster public confidence again in our tax system. 
Amazingly there are Federal employ-
ees at almost every agency, including the Internal Revenue Service, who are significantly delinquent in their taxes and not working to pay their debts. That is wrong. That is not fair. It is not good government practice. That is an understatement. My bill will put a stop to this practice. 
It is no wonder, given the IRS’s be-
havior and the behavior of these Fed-eral tax delinquents, that Kansans and virtually every American doubt that the government can administer the tax laws in good faith. The lack of faith in the Internal Revenue Service is an im-portant reason why Congress must re-write the Tax Code, simplify how we pay taxes, and reduce the government’s intrusion into economic and other af-fairs of the public. 
We don’t need the IRS regulating 
constitutionally guaranteed free speech and muzzling lawful political activity. We also do not need to reward Federal employees who do not even make the most minimal effort to pay their tax debt and then give them bo-nuses. The hypocrisy of IRS agents get-ting bonuses when they don’t pay their taxes has to stop. 
Finally, there are other issues at the 
Internal Revenue Service. There was a recent statement by the IRS Commis-sioner warning—threatening—the tax- paying public, during tax-filing season no less, that the agency is drastically cutting taxpayer service functions. I am talking about answering calls, tax return help, and other programs that assist the average American to fulfill their tax obligation. 
The Commissioner blames the budget 
sequester. I understand that. Every Federal agency is now upset about the sequester. I am upset about the seques-ter with regard to our national secu-rity and the spending caps setting these cuts. The IRS Commissioner is upset about that as well. That is be-yond amazing when we have learned that the agency has made so many poor decisions, such as entering into a contract with the IT company that was just fired by Massachusetts, Vermont, and the Department of Health and Human Services for its failure in im-plementing the healthcare.gov Web site. The historic rollout was a total disaster. I expect we will get into this 
in detail next week when the Commis-sioner comes before the Finance Com-mittee. I am going to be asking him questions about the same topics I brought up in these remarks. 
In the meantime, just a suggestion to 
the IRS—from the Commissioner on down—take a hard look at the mission statement, concentrate on serving the taxpayer, stop threatening the Amer-ican public with the loss of service, and try to do the best you can in a most difficult budget environment. 
We have an obligation to have the 
IRS serve with integrity and fairness to the American public, and that is not happening now. Let’s work together to make sure it does happen. 
I yield the floor, and after careful in-
spection, it appears to me we do not have a quorum present. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak in morn-ing business. I know the managers will be here shortly, and when they arrive I will obviously yield the floor to them. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY 
STANDARD 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, today we 
are voting in the 11 o’clock series on the renewable electricity standard—a bill to promote 25 percent of our elec-tricity to come by renewable sources by 2025. 
From what we have heard these past 
few weeks, we are either on the floor debating an energy bill or a jobs bill. This is what my Republican friends and colleagues have been saying. 
The Keystone Pipeline fits neither 
one of these descriptions. The Keystone Pipeline is not an energy bill. The bill lacks a comprehensive energy policy; it lacks even trying to set one. This is not a ‘‘do it all, do it right’’ energy bill. It isn’t even a ‘‘drill, baby, drill’’ bill. This is the ‘‘drill, Canada’’ bill. 
If we are going to debate energy pol-
icy, we need to debate and adopt a re-newable electricity standard. The Key-stone Pipeline is an investment in doing things the old way—importing foreign oil. Instead of doubling down on foreign oil, we should be talking about how we can move America forward by investing in homegrown energy for the future. The renewable electricity standard is such a bill. 
I wish to point out that States al-
ready recognize this fact significantly. Colorado has a 30-percent target by 2020. Nevada has a 25-percent target by 2025. Oregon has a 25-percent target by 
2025. A number of other States have re-newable electricity targets. Twenty- nine States, in fact, are developing a national market. There are many States that are meeting these goals and moving forward aggressively. 
In 2013, the State of Iowa produced 27 
percent of its electricity alone with wind power. 
I see the chairwoman of the Energy 
and Natural Resources Committee on the floor. I promise to yield. I only have a couple of more minutes. I thank the chairwoman. 
This amendment—the renewable 
electricity standard—is a start to a comprehensive energy policy for the United States. 
We are told the Keystone Pipeline is 
a jobs bill. We are told Keystone will create jobs. Of course, we are all for that. But how many jobs? We are talk-ing about 2,000, 3,000 construction jobs, but the permanent jobs are in the range of 50. How about a renewable electricity standard that promotes long-lasting manufacturing and instal-lation jobs—American jobs, permanent jobs—jobs that can’t be outsourced? 
The renewable electricity standard 
could create an additional 274,000 to 297,000 jobs in the United States in such areas as construction, operations, and engineering. Over 50 percent of these jobs would be created in the manufac-turing sector. These are hundreds of thousands of 21st century American jobs in my State and across the coun-try. We owe it to all Americans to con-sider this and other amendments that would improve the bill. 
Right now, we are losing out to other 
countries in both solar and wind. China has the largest market share. A na-tional renewable electricity standard would help us move forward aggres-sively to get our market share in those two areas. 
It is clear to me a national renewable 
electricity standard would combat global warming while creating hun-dreds of thousands of jobs across the country. It will help maximize our en-ergy potential while strengthening our economy and our energy security. 
Let’s vote on that. Let’s move for-
ward to meet the real energy needs of American families. 
I thank the chairwoman for being so 
gracious and for her courtesy. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.014 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S621 January 29, 2015 
Pending: 
Vitter/Cassidy further modified amend-
ment No. 80, to provide for the distribution of revenues from certain areas of the outer Continental Shelf. 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) amendment No. 
67 (to amendment No. 2), to restrict the au-thority of the Environmental Protection Agency to arm agency personnel. 
Murkowski amendment No. 98 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to express the sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities. 
Flake amendment No. 103 (to amendment 
No. 2), to require the evaluation and consoli-dation of duplicative green building pro-grams. 
Boxer amendment No. 130 (to amendment 
No. 2), to preserve existing permits and the authority of the agencies issuing the permits to modify the permits if necessary. 
Merkley amendment No. 174 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that the United States should prioritize and fund adaptation projects in communities in the United States while also helping to fund climate change adaptation in developing countries. 
Cantwell/Boxer amendment No. 131 (to 
amendment No. 2), to ensure that if the Key-stone XL Pipeline is built, it will be built safely and in compliance with United States environmental laws. 
Tillis/Burr amendment No. 102 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to provide for leasing on the outer Continental Shelf and the distribution of certain qualified revenues from such leas-ing. 
Markey amendment No. 178 (to amendment 
No. 2), to ensure that products derived from tar sands are treated as crude oil for pur-poses of the Federal excise tax on petroleum. 
Booker amendment No. 155 (to amendment 
No. 2), to allow permitting agencies to con-sider new circumstances and new informa-tion. 
Burr modified amendment No. 92 (to 
amendment No. 2), to permanently reauthor-ize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Cardin amendment No. 124 (to amendment 
No. 2), to clarify that treaties with Indian tribes remain in effect. 
Cantwell (for Peters/Stabenow) amend-
ment No. 55 (to amendment No. 2), to require a study of the potential environmental im-pact of by-products of the Keystone XL pipe-line. 
Murkowski (for Barrasso) amendment No. 
245 (to amendment No. 2), to clarify that treaties with Indian tribes remain in effect. 
Daines amendment No. 246 (to amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that reauthorizing the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund should be a priority. 
Udall amendment No. 77, to establish a re-
newable electricity standard. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 15 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, as 
we just heard, the House has sent over legislation they have moved through that body that would allow for export of LNG. As we speak, in the Energy and Natural Resources Committee down-stairs, the committee is considering a bipartisan LNG measure. Five Repub-licans and five Democrats are coming together with an LNG export proposal that they have not only worked with the administration on, but the admin-istration is actually carrying out, without the law being in place. Cer-tainly we are getting to a place with our LNG and our natural gas opportu-
nities where there are good, sub-stantive developments being made in our laws and in how we can provide for not only certainty through the regu-latory process—efficiency, expedi-ency—but assurance to the public—to families, to businesses, to manufactur-ers—that pricing issues will be ad-dressed and the opportunity for jobs in this country is put first and foremost. So I think there is good news going on today. 
There is further good news as we 
begin the glidepath toward passage of the Keystone XL Pipeline. We have had a host of measures come before us in the form of some 35 amendments that we have considered as a body over the course of these several weeks. I think it has been good debate. I think it has been a good process. We are now get-ting to the final closeout. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
Some very important issues have 
been raised in this debate. I wish to thank Senator V
ITTER for bringing the 
very important issue of revenue shar-ing to the attention of the Senate. He offered an amendment that has been before us for consideration. He has been very steadfast in ensuring that there is a continued commitment to America’s energy security and increas-ing offshore energy production. 
The American energy revolution has 
provided us with high-paying jobs for millions of workers. It has led to lower gas prices. It has provided a real stim-ulus to the pocketbooks of just about every American. It is fundamentally changing our role on the international stage, which is so important. 
The amendment Senator V
ITTER has 
offered to the underlying bill, which would increase access to our offshore energy resources and provide revenue sharing for coastal producing States, is a very important one. Again, I thank him for that. 
One of my top priorities as chairman 
of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee is to help ensure the explo-ration and the development of Alaska’s Outer Continental Shelf—OCS—which holds an estimated 236 billion barrels of offshore oil and 132 trillion cubic feet of offshore natural gas. This is clearly an amazing resource base. It is going to take a while—more than a decade—to develop, but it will provide substantial government revenues for generations to come. 
With the benefits that come with this 
resource development, there are also impacts. There will be impacts both to the State of Alaska and to coastal communities. It will require major in-vestment in new infrastructure, wheth-er it be ports or pipelines or roads. That just comes with this kind of re-source production. 
I look forward to working with Sen-
ator V
ITTER to address the revenue 
sharing not only for my State but for the gulf States and other States that host energy development off of their coastline in legislation that the energy committee will consider later this 
year. 
I appreciate the continued support of 
my colleague from Louisiana and for providing a fair share of the revenue from offshore oil and gas activity to the States that are most affected. His State most clearly has experienced the benefits of offshore activity. I have seen this for myself when I have gone down to visit. 
He is also working hard to ensure 
that others enjoy those benefits as well. Again, we are having a great de-bate over energy policy. We are seeing many good amendments with ideas that could be included in future bills, and I certainly look forward to work-ing on revenue sharing with my col-leagues from Louisiana, Senator V
IT-
TER and Senator C ASSIDY , and with 
other Members of the Senate as we go forward in this Congress. 
I will now yield to my colleague from 
Louisiana for any comments he may choose to make. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I want to thank the Senator for her 
kind words and continuing commit-ment to work on revenue-sharing measures. As her new role as the Chair of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, that is going to happen this year, which is exciting. 
As the Senator mentioned, I filed an 
amendment to this bill with regard to revenue sharing and worked very close-ly with my new Senate colleague, B
ILL 
CASSIDY , and others. This is important 
now more than ever, particularly in light, unfortunately, of the Obama ad-ministration’s recently announced 5- year OCS plan. That plan is grossly in-adequate. It really chops up and goes down even lower than we have been with regard to the development of our Outer Continental Shelf. 
Revenue sharing is one key way to 
reverse that trend and produce more American energy in a safe and environ-mentally sensitive way and have all of this benefit, including, by the way, the Federal Treasury. My revenue-sharing amendment and other revenue-sharing ideas—certainly including those Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI is working on—would 
do just that. We have three funda-mental goals in mind. 
First of all, we need to expand pro-
duction activity on our U.S. Outer Con-tinental Shelf. 
Secondly, we need to treat host 
States right. They have benefits like the economic benefits we enjoy in Lou-isiana, but there are also costs and bur-dens. There are absolutely impacts to coastal communities. That requires that some portion of that revenue from that production stay in the host States. That is what revenue sharing is all about. We need that in Alaska. We need that in the gulf. We need that 
when we start production on the east coast. 
Finally, we need that revenue shar-
ing because it is the most powerful in-centive tool out there to significantly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.016 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S622 January 29, 2015 
boost production, to get more States 
into the act, to get more production online working toward American en-ergy independence and an economic renaissance. Revenue sharing, properly formulated, will do all of that. 
I really do appreciate Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI ’s focus on this issue and com-
mitment to proceeding with this issue in the Senate Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee in legislation this year. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80, AS FURTHER MODIFIED  
WITHDRAWN  
With that having been said, I will 
withdraw my Vitter amendment No. 80 on this bill and certainly will actively partner with Senator M
URKOWSKI , Sen-
ator C ASSIDY , and others to advance 
revenue sharing this year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is withdrawn. The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from Louisiana. 
I do think this is an area where those 
of us from coastal States can sit down together to truly map out a proposal that is fair and equitable, truly taking advantage of the benefits of accessing our offshore resources while recog-nizing those States that bear the re-sponsibility of these production and de-velopment activities should share in some of the benefit there as well. I am looking forward to working with him as well as members of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. 
At this time I ask unanimous con-
sent that the votes on the Barrasso amendment No. 245 and the Cardin amendment No. 124 occur after the dis-position of the Udall amendment No. 77, with all other provisions of the pre-vious order remaining in effect, and there be 2 minutes equally divided be-fore the vote on the Daines amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Just for Members’ 
information, we will be prepared very shortly to commence votes. The good news for Members is the list of amend-ments that we had scheduled prior to the lunchtime has actually been win-nowed down somewhat. Some Members, such as we have just seen from the Sen-ator from Louisiana, have chosen to withdraw. We may be in a position to take some by voice. We will be having votes commencing here very quickly. But the good news is there will be fewer than there were when we started out this morning. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I as-
sume there is a little bit of time to make a couple of comments as we are waiting. 
I would commend the chairwoman of 
the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, for she and the ranking Member have done an excellent job of moving us through. I think we all ap-
preciate it when we hear the words ‘‘an amendment has been withdrawn’’ in terms of being able to move the process forward. 
I did want to mention a couple of 
things. One, just to remind everyone, when we talk about this Canadian oil company bringing a pipeline through the United States down to the Gulf— putting it on a ship and sending it to China—they are not paying into the oilspill liability trust fund. Our amend-ment to say the oil should stay here if Americans are taking all the risk was voted down. The amendment that would require American steel was voted down. Any commitment to make sure these were all American jobs has also been voted down. 
I did also—because the distinguished 
Chair of the committee mentioned a bill that came over from the House— want to take a moment to say as we look at energy policy in the energy committee today we are, in fact, con-sidering what I consider to be one of the most fundamental questions for us moving forward with this new energy source in abundance called natural gas. 
It is incredibly important we get this 
right. As opposed to the pipeline going through the middle of our country, this is something that can greatly increase our ability to have manufacturing jobs across the country, to continue to lower and keep down the prices of heat-ing and other energy costs for our citi-zens. If it is done right—the com-mittee, I believe, dramatically does it the wrong way. The bill that came from the House is very much, in my judgment, a China-first policy and not an America-first policy. I say that be-cause right now China is willing to pay more than three times for natural gas than we are. I understand that the gas and oil industry wants to rush it on ships over to China. But to add insult to injury for us, they were willing to pay, last year, $16 and then turn around and subsidize their industry that is competing with us and only give it to them for I believe it was $1.78. Our folks who are forced to pay $16 because we don’t have a prudent ex-port policy—they just throw open the doors to send it to China. Our folks pay $16. The folks competing with us for our jobs are paying $1.78. 
I realize we have a lot more discus-
sion on that at a later point. I do want to say there will be a great debate on what I believe is one of the most im-portant issues in front of us in terms of continuing to having manufacturing renaissance and the ability to create good middle-class jobs in this country. I am hopeful in the end we will have an America-first policy, not a China-first policy. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we 
are just about ready to begin our votes. Again, it was a very productive day processing amendments yesterday, and we have some good provisions included 
in the bill. We were able to adopt by voice the provision of the Senator from Maine to better coordinate energy ret-rofitting assistance for schools. That was good for us. I think we have been available to reach agreement on sev-eral of the measures that will allow the process to go quickly this morning. 
I am certainly prepared to yield back 
any time here so we can commence with the voting, although I want to recognize my ranking member and partner in this weeks-long effort if she wants to make any comments before the vote. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I know originally 
we pushed the bill back, so I am happy to move it back to reclaim some of that time and help us. I know there are a few things which have been worked out, and we very much appreciate that. 
I yield back our time. 
AMENDMENT NO . 246 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 246, offered by the Senator from Mon-tana, Mr. D
AINES . 
Who yields time? The Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I rise to 
oppose the Daines amendment. While I respect the perspective of my colleague from Montana, this amendment does nothing to support the Land and Water Conservation Fund. If you really want to support LWCF, you ought to support the bipartisan Burr amendment which we will consider in a few minutes. In-stead of actually solving the problem, the Daines measure creates more delay for delay’s sake and says LWCF should be a priority but undermines the very notion by suggesting there is some-thing wrong with the program. 
For once we have a program where 
there actually is nothing wrong with it. It has been one of our Nation’s most successful conservation programs for 50 years, funding projects in every State and literally every single county in the United States. These are projects that range from creating new parks for inner city kids, to providing new access to sportsmen, to protecting the Na-tion’s historic battlefields. We don’t need to overhaul LWCF, we just need to reauthorize it and let the program’s proven track record of success con-tinue. 
I would urge my colleagues to vote 
no on the Daines amendment before us now, but vote yes on the bipartisan Burr amendment to follow. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
believe Senator D
AINES is still in the 
Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee so I will attempt to speak on his behalf in support of his amendment. 
Reauthorizing the LWCF is some-
thing that I have said we plan to take up in the energy committee. We are going to make it a priority. But I agree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:41 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.021 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S623 January 29, 2015 
the sense-of-the-Senate, in order to en-
sure that this program can be an effec-tive tool for management structural improvements to the program, is going to be needed. 
For example, I know the LWCF has 
been used to acquire inholdings in ex-isting national parks, our national for-ests, and wildlife refuges. Acquiring inholdings can improve management. We should do more of these kinds of targeted land acquisitions. 
Another structural change I know 
some are interested in making is set-ting aside some of the LWCF funding to address the maintenance backlog facing our Federal land management agencies. We have combined mainte-nance backlogs, as much as $22 billion, according to CRS reports. We have issues. We have to do that. 
I will support the Daines amendment. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, the Land 
and Water Conservation Fund has been instrumental in increasing access to our public lands, growing opportunities for outdoor recreation, and protecting wildlife. And there is great potential for the program to be used to increase access to our existing Federal lands. 
My amendment expresses the sense of 
Congress that the Land and Water Con-servation Fund serves an important role in improving wildlife habitat, in-creasing outdoor recreation opportuni-ties, and facilitating economic develop-ment on our public lands. 
It will also convey that funding and 
reauthorizing the Land and Water Con-servation Fund should be a priority for Congress and as we consider its reau-thorization, we should also look for im-provements to the structure of the pro-gram. The benefits and opportunities for improvement to the Land and Water Conservation Fund should be thoroughly evaluated in a transparent legislative process. 
My amendment would support au-
thorization through the legislative process and allow for oversight and transparency in improving the pro-gram. My amendment is not intended to undermine the integrity of the pro-gram. 
Montana’s outdoors heritage is of 
great importance to our State’s econ-omy and thousands of Montanans’ way of life. Supporting and improving the Land and Water Conservation Fund will help us ensure that this legacy is continued for future generations. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is on agreeing to the Daines amendment, No. 246. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mrs. 
ERNST ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 47, 
nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 42 Leg.] 
YEAS—47 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—51 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cruz Durbin Feinstein Flake 
Franken Gillibrand Graham Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Lee Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. VITTER. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there is now 2 min-utes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 92, as modified, offered by the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR. 
The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Madam President, I will 
be brief, but I would like my col-leagues’ attention because we have an opportunity today to take a program that functions well, that this body de-signed, funded from royalties off of ex-ploration of energy, that has never been fully funded at what the statute said we would do, and every so often it comes up for reauthorization. That is sort of stupid. 
What this amendment does is it 
makes permanent the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I say to my friends and colleagues, if you want to change the makeup of the fund—what it does, how it works—that still exists, but let’s not have the debate as to whether this is going to continue. Let’s con-tinue it permanently, and let’s make 
sure that what they do in their work, where they leverage a few Federal dol-lars with a lot of private dollars, not to acquire massive amounts of lands or create parks but to put adjoining lands together that stops encroachment on some very sensitive areas—this is a smart investment, and it is an invest-ment we make off of the production of energy in this country. 
I urge my colleagues to support 
amendment No. 92. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I would suggest that legislative pro-posals such as reauthorizing the LWCF should be considered under regular order, beginning with hearings in the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee. Obviously, this is an issue in which many of us are interested. We have just had a measure before this which spoke to some of the proposed policy changes that might be consid-ered. 
So whether we are seeking to reau-
thorize permanently or considering dif-ferent set-asides of funds that come in for different programs, I would like to think we could do it through regular order. But I certainly understand where the Senator from North Carolina is coming from, and I look forward to working with him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 92, as modified. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mrs. 
FISCHER ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 59, 
nays 39, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 43 Leg.] 
YEAS—59 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Corker Donnelly 
Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill 
Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.022 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S624 January 29, 2015 
Tillis 
Udall Warner 
Warren Whitehouse 
Wyden 
NAYS—39 
Barrasso Boozman Cassidy Coats Cochran Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment, as modified, is re-jected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. CORNYN. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 77, offered by the Senator from New Mexico, Mr. U
DALL . 
The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Madam President, this 
amendment creates a national market for renewable energy. A bill similar to this has passed the Senate three times and also passed the House once. These are the jobs of the future—renewable energy jobs. More than half of the new generation of energy in the world is in renewables, and this amendment—it is estimated by the people who have stud-ied it and the experts—would create about 300,000 new jobs. 
So I ask my colleagues to support it. 
It is a good complement to the bill we are on, and it would create a lot of new jobs. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
this amendment is an issue that Con-gress has considered many times over the past 16 years, but we declined to impose a renewable electricity stand-ard. 
We called it several different names. 
We called it a renewable portfolio standard. Then it moved to renewable electricity standard. It was later re-branded the clean energy standard. Now it is back to the RES. But this lat-est proposal that 25 percent of elec-tricity supplied by a retail provider be generated by certain renewable re-sources by 2025 is really no different than the EPA’s move to impose a 30- percent reduction in greenhouse gases from existing powerplants by 2030 under this proposed CPP regulation. 
I would encourage Members to oppose 
this amendment. 
Further, I would note to colleagues 
that we are very close to finishing up these amendments. If we move quickly, 
if we stay on the floor and stick to 10- minute votes, we can finish them all before lunch. I think that would be good, but it is going to require the co-operation of all Members. 
With that, I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to Udall 
amendment No. 77. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the 
roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 53, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 44 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Heller Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy 
Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—53 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I move to lay that 
motion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 245 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote in relation to amendment No. 245, offered by the Senator from Wyo-ming, Mr. B
ARRASSO . The Senator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
this is an amendment Senator B AR-
RASSO and Senator C ARDIN have been 
working on together. This amendment provides that the Federal Government must consult with the relevant Indian nations before modifying or breaking any trust or treaty obligation. This ob-ligation is already required by Execu-tive order. The Federal Government has been fulfilling its government-to- government consultation responsibil-ities on the Keystone XL Pipeline project for over 6 years. 
I think it is important for colleagues 
to recognize that this amendment does not create any new law; it is merely an additional guarantee that the Federal Government will live up to its existing obligations to consult with the Indian nations, which is a matter I think we should all be able to agree on. 
This is an issue Senator B
ARRASSO  
has been working on with the Senator from Maryland, and they have indi-cated that they will accept a voice vote on this amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 245, AS MODIFIED  
I ask unanimous consent that Bar-
rasso amendment No. 245 be modified with the changes at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act relieves the United 
States of its responsibility to consult with Indian nations as required under executive order 13175 (67 Fed. Reg. 67249) (November 6, 2000). 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous 
consent that the 60-vote affirmative threshold be vitiated, and I urge its adoption by voice vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Is there further debate on this 
amendment? 
If not, the question is on agreeing to 
the amendment. 
The amendment (No. 245), as modi-
fied, was agreed to. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. BARRASSO. I move to lay that 
motion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I take a few minutes to debate the next amendment and save a little bit of time at the end by withdrawing the amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, as 
we consider both the Barrasso and Cardin amendments, I wish to remind my colleagues of the unique history the United States has with Indian na-tions. This history includes over 300 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.002 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S625 January 29, 2015 
treaties that were negotiated with in-
dividual tribes and nations which re-main in effect today. 
For over two centuries our Nation 
disregarded the concerns of tribal na-tions with respect to expansion and de-velopment that affected their commu-nities. This often included abrogating treaty rights and disregarding trust ob-ligations this country has to Indian na-tions and individual Indians. But this is no longer how we work with Indian 
nations in our country. We now have laws and Executive orders requiring de-liberate and meaningful consultation on any actions taken by the Federal Government that affect tribal inter-ests. We have also signed on to the United Nations Declaration Rights of Indigenous Peoples, which states that the rights of indigenous peoples cannot be abrogated without their free and in-formed consent. 
I want to make it crystal clear that 
nothing in this bill is meant to abro-gate the rights of any Indian nation or any individual Indian. So while I be-lieve we could say more to affirm these policies in this bill, I am happy that at a minimum, Senator B
ARRASSO ’s 
amendment guarantees that Indian na-tions continue to have a voice through meaningful consultation on this project. 
It has been necessary to have this 
discussion because the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association does not believe that the consultation required is occurring with respect to KXL. It is helpful to remind the executive branch agencies involved in this process just what their obligations are. I would like to quote from a letter the association recently sent to Interior Secretary Jewell, which states in part: 
As our Trustee, DOI has a specific duty to 
insure that its comments and positions on this National Interest Determination accu-rately reflect the very real potential impacts that this Project may have on our historical Tribal homelands, sacred sites, cultural re-sources and water rights, all of which are protected by applicable federal law and our Treaties with the United States. While many of our Tribes have submitted comments on this document, the State Department’s un-willingness to sit down with us on a govern-ment to government basis to discuss our con-cerns has led us to question whether that De-partment really respects our legal roles as elected officials of federally recognized sov-ereign tribes. These concerns are so serious that the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, the Rosebud Sioux Tribe, and the Yankton Sioux Tribe have all become party interveners in the South Dakota Public Utility Commission’s proceedings challenging its 2010 action per-mit for this project. 
Madam Secretary, we know that you have 
many important demands on your schedule, but meaningful government to government consultation, especially on matters of this importance, is assured to us by President Obama’s Tribal Consultation policy of No-vember 5, 2009, as well as by Executive Order 13175. President Clinton issued that Execu-tive Order to ‘‘establish regular and mean-ingful consultation and collaboration with tribal officials in the development of Federal policies that have tribal implications [and] to strengthen the United States government- to-government relationship with Indian 
tribes’’. President Obama re-committed fed-eral agencies to this duty through a Memo-randum for the Heads of Executive Depart-ments and Agencies issued on November 5, 2009, in which he declared: ‘‘My Administra-tion is committed to regular and meaningful consultation and collaboration with tribal officials in policy decisions that have tribal implications including, as an initial step, through a complete and consistent imple-mentation of Executive Order 13175’’. To pre-pare final DOI comments on a document of this magnitude without affording us the op-portunity for a meaningful face to face/gov-ernment to government meeting is a flagrant violation of President Obama’s directive in 
2009 and of the commitments President Obama has made to us as recently as last De-cember. 
Now, what is meant by the term 
‘‘consultation’’? When the world com-munity of nations, including the United States, worked with Indigenous Peoples over a 15-year period to de-velop the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, they used the consultative standard of ‘‘free, prior and informed consent’’ in Article 11, 2: which reads: ‘‘States shall provide redress through effective mech-anisms, which may include restitution, developed in conjunction with indige-nous peoples, with respect to their cul-tural, intellectual, religious and spir-itual property taken without their free, prior and informed consent or in violation of their laws, traditions and customs.’’ 
This language was necessary because 
the Federal Government and the States once ran roughshod over the rights of Native peoples and simply took and used land and other property of Native nations and persons, and there was a need to make sure that this would not happen in the future. In the late 1800s and early 1900s, Native peoples were confined to reservations and could not leave without permission of the Fed-eral Indian agent. Even in the 1950s and 1960s, Native delegations to Wash-ington were not supposed to go to Cap-itol Hill without checking in at the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, BIA. Native peo-ple tell me that they used to think BIA stood for ‘‘boss Indians around.’’ Out of this sorry past have come new policies that give true meaning to the nation- to-nation relationship. Key to this re-lationship is ongoing consultation that is meaningful and worthy of trust, and agreements that are made are trans-parent and consensual. 
There are many laws mandating con-
sultation with Indian tribes and per-sons, regarding areas on tribal, indi-vidual trust and original lands, among them the American Indian Religious Freedom Act, the Archaeological Re-sources Protection Act, the Native American Graves Protection & Repa-triation Act, and the National Historic Preservation Act. Unless the consulta-tion required under these and other statutes is open and based on informed consent, it is not meaningful and can-not lead to a good end. When we refer to consultation in the modern era, we do not mean some sleight of hand; rather, we intend fair, good faith deal-
ings that honor the high standards of the United States’ treaty and trust re-lationship with the Native peoples. 
I will close my remarks simply by in-
cluding excerpts from just two recent judicial decisions regarding the nature of Federal-tribal consultation. First, from the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California ruling in the case of Quechan Tribe v. United States Department of the Interior, et al (December 15, 2010), citing the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act: ‘‘The consultation requirement is not an empty formality; rather, it ‘must rec-ognize the government-to-government relationship between the Federal Gov-ernment and Indian tribes’ and is to be ‘conducted in a manner sensitive to the concerns and needs of the Indian tribe.’’’ 
Second, from the case of Comanche 
Nation, et al v. USA, et al (September 23, 2008), involving the Army’s failure to consult with the Comanche Nation regarding a sacred place, Medicine Bluff, the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma found that the National Historic Protection Act, NHPA: 
. . . requires an agency to make a reasonable 
and good faith effort to identify historic properties that may be impacted, and to identify . . . issues in connection with such potential impact. . . . The reasonable and good faith efforts requirement extends to consultation with Native American tribes which may attach religious and cultural sig-nificance to potentially affected property . . . It has been said that, in a general sense, the NHPA requires agencies to ‘stop, look, and listen’ before commencing actions which could impact historic or culturally signifi-cant properties. . . . The evidence submitted during the preliminary injunction hearing substantially demonstrates Defendants’ ac-tions were contrary to the letter and the spirit of the NHPA and its implementing reg-ulations. . . . Defendants virtually ignored the concerns regarding the viewscape up to the Bluffs from the southern approach. . . . Contrary to the direction of the Ft. Sill Gar-rison Commander . . . to ‘get with the tribes’ about their viewscape issues, that same day the Section 106 letter was sent out without a reference to Medicine Bluffs and without mentioning the potential impact on viewscapes. Instead, the details of the TSC project were buried in technical attach-ments, and the consulting parties were left to ferret out for themselves the adverse im-pact on viewscapes then known by Defend-ants to exist. . . . Moreover, the requirement of good faith consultation suggests that the consulted Native American tribes would have considered it important to know, and therefore should have been told, that the TSC warehouse was the tip of the iceberg re-garding plans to build within the southern approach to the Bluffs. . . . In reality, the area in question is also slated for construc-tion of a DRMO facility (which will occupy about 20 acres), construction of a fire sta-tion, and a widening of Randolph Road on its north side. Had this cumulative impact been disclosed to the area tribes, their initial re-action may well have been different. As it was, the Comanche Nation began com-plaining in earnest in the fall of 2007 and early 2008. These protests, asserted after the close of the 30-day comment period an-nounced in the August 10, 2007 Section 106 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.024 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S626 January 29, 2015 
letter, were brushed off by defendants as un-
timely. Having concluded that they tech-nically complied with the Section 106 proc-ess, Defendants decided to proceed with the TSC project despite the mounting objections from the Comanche Nation. . . . it has been said that the NHPA requires an agency to ‘stop, look and listen’ Coliseum Square Ass’n, Inc., 465 F.3d at 225; the evidence in the present case suggests that Defendants merely paused, glanced, and turned a deaf ear to warnings of adverse impact. Thus, De-fendants’ efforts fell short of the reasonable and good faith efforts required by the law. Where a plaintiff shows that an agency failed to comply with the NHPA requirements, in-junctive relief may issue. 
The bottom line is that for over two 
centuries, our Nation disregarded the concerns of tribal nations with respect to projects affecting tribal commu-nities. We now have laws and executive orders requiring deliberate and mean-ingful consultation on any actions taken by the Federal Government that affect tribal interests. This certainly applies to the Keystone pipeline. 
I want to thank Senator B
ARRASSO  
for working with us on the amendment we just approved that makes it very clear that the consultation obligations must be adhered to. I also want to thank Senator H
EINRICH , Senator 
TESTER , and Senator C ANTWELL for 
their incredible help on this issue so we could get a compromise. 
The work that Senator B
ARRASSO and 
I have done in consultation with other Members, with the amendments that have been filed, to try to find common ground exemplifies what I hope we would do more of here in the Senate: finding common ground. 
So I am pleased we were able to 
adopt the Barrasso amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 WITHDRAWN  
With that, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is withdrawn. 
Under the previous order, the motion 
to proceed to the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not in-voked on S. 1 is agreed to, and the mo-tion to reconsider is also agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. 
Mitch McConnell, Lisa Murkowski, Rich-
ard Burr, Jerry Moran, John Thune, Marco Rubio, Johnny Isakson, Kelly Ayotte, Ben Sasse, Deb Fischer, John Boozman, David Vitter, Tim Scott, Roger F. Wicker, Richard C. Shelby, Michael B. Enzi, Roy Blunt. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on S. 1, a bill to ap-prove the Keystone XL pipeline, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsider-
ation? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ) and 
the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) 
are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
SASSE). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 62, 
nays 35, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 45 Leg.] 
YEAS—62 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—35 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters 
Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Hirono Reid Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). On this vote, the yeas are 62, the 
nays are 35. Three-fifths of the Sen-ators duly chosen and sworn having voted in the affirmative, upon recon-sideration, the motion is agreed to. 
The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes, and that following me, the Senator from North Carolina be recognized for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
am advised by the highly competent floor staff that Senators N
ELSON and 
COLLINS will be worked in to be able to 
speak shortly after we have because I know they both are hoping to do that. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 67, 98, 103, 174, 102, AND 55  
WITHDRAWN  
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask unanimous 
consent that the following amend-ments be withdrawn: Sullivan No. 67, Murkowski No. 98, Flake No. 103, Merkley No. 174, Tillis No. 102, and Peters No. 55. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
INNOVATION FOR HEALTHIER AMERICANS  
REPORT  
Mr. ALEXANDER. The Senator from 
North Carolina, Senator B URR, and I 
are here to speak about an important and exciting development that is about to occur in our Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. What we are talking about and we will de-scribe in our remarks today is a report entitled ‘‘Innovation for Healthier Americans’’ which will launch a bipar-tisan effort to look at how Congress can help to get cutting-edge treat-ments, drugs, and devices to America’s patients more quickly while still pre-serving this Nation’s gold standard for safety and quality. This report and the actions we hope to take will affect vir-tually every American. 
I am especially glad today to be here 
with the Senator from North Carolina. While there are a number of Senators on this body who worked hard on these issues—which in our government are usually dealt with by the Food and Drug Administration and by the Na-tional Institutes of Health—no one has been more effective, no one has worked harder, and no one has had more fore-sight and vision on these issues than R
ICHARD BURR, the Senator from North 
Carolina. The report today is substan-tially his work product, and he will be deeply involved in the next year as we work with Senator M
URRAY , our Demo-
cratic friends, and with President Obama to try to bring this to a result. 
In 2013, Dr. Francis Collins, Director 
of the National Institutes of Health, wrote the following: 
Drugs exist for only about 250 of the more 
than 4,400 conditions with defined molecular causes. And it takes far too long and far too much money to get a new drug into our med-icine cabinets. This is an old problem that cries out for new and creative solutions. 
Since Dr. Collins said that, the num-
ber of conditions with defined molec-ular causes has increased now to about 5,390, yet the number of new drugs ap-proved has not kept pace with these discoveries. 
The President of the United States 
has recognized this problem. In his State of the Union message a few days ago, President Obama said this: 
21st century businesses will rely on Amer-
ican science, technology, research and devel-opment. I want the country that eliminated polio and mapped the human genome to lead a new era of medicine—one that delivers the right treatment at the right time. In some patients with cystic fibrosis, this approach has reversed a disease once thought unstoppable. 
The President said: 
Tonight, I’m launching a new Precision 
Medicine Initiative to bring us closer to cur-ing diseases like cancer and diabetes—and to give all of us access to the personalized in-formation we need to keep ourselves and our families healthier. 
Senator M URRAY and I had breakfast 
yesterday with Secretary Burwell and talked with her about the President’s statement and about Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.025 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S627 January 29, 2015 
Burwell’s own desire to help implement 
that initiative. 
Today Senator B URRand I released a 
report titled ‘‘Innovation for Healthier Americans.’’ 
Next, Senator M
URRAY —who is rank-
ing member of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions—and I will start examining the issues in this report and other issues raised in comments, through a bipar-tisan HELP Committee staff working group. 
I emphasize that we are going to be 
working together, Democrats and Re-publicans. We are going to be working with Secretary Burwell, we are going to be working with the President of the United States, and we are going to be on a parallel track with the House of Representatives, where Chairman U
PTON and his team have been working 
for several months on what they call 21st century cures. In our committee in the Senate we will begin hearings in March. 
We are releasing the report today in 
order to ask for comments. Surely we missed something in the report. If someone who is listening or reading it may have an idea or solution, we would like to know about that. We have opened an email account just to hear from those outside of Washington, DC, that is: innovation@help.senate.gov. 
Improving medical device and drug 
development is not a new topic for the HELP Committee. Legislation was passed in 1997 and different legislation was passed in 2012 to try to get at the same goal of speeding delivery of drugs and devices while ensuring they are still safe. Our goal will be to give bi-partisan legislation to the President this year. 
It is encouraging to have the House, 
the Senate, and the President working on such an important common goal that affects virtually every American during the same Congress. That greatly increases our likelihood of securing a result. 
We want to improve and modernize 
how drugs and medical devices are dis-covered, developed, and approved. We will examine the work of the National Institutes of Health, which funds and enables much of the research that leads to medical breakthroughs and the Food and Drug Administration which regu-lates all the medical products we come in contact with. 
As I mentioned, this work will touch 
the life of almost every single Amer-ican—from a very ill patient who has run out of treatment options and is counting on the most cutting-edge drug to an active child with asthma who is hoping to run faster and farther with the aid of a new drug. 
Today our scientists and researchers 
are making discoveries at a pace that our development process is not equipped to match. Patients wait while treatments languish in laboratories, going through our drawn out, ineffi-cient, and outrageously expensive de-velopment process. FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret 
Hamburg has acknowledged that ‘‘we are left relying on the 20th century ap-proaches for the review, approval and oversight of the treatments and cures of the 21st century.’’ 
There is no time to waste in solving 
this problem. The mapping of the human genome opened a whole new world of individualized medicine in which a person’s genetic makeup can drive the doctor’s plan for disease pre-vention, diagnosis, and treatment. 
In the words of Andrew von 
Eschenbach, the former Commissioner of the FDA and Director of the Na-tional Cancer Institute: 
We stand on the cusp of a revolution in 
health care. Advances in molecular medicine will allow us to develop powerful new treat-ments that can cure or even prevent diseases like Alzheimer’s and cancer. Tomorrow’s high-tech cures can also slash health-care costs and eliminate ineffective treatments. What will it take to realize the potential of the new medicine? 
Today’s report is the first step of our 
initiative. It seeks to answer the ques-tions: What today is driving innova-tion? What barriers are standing in the way? What can we improve? 
The report has five main themes: No. 1, it costs too much to bring med-
ical products to patients; No. 2, as science and technology advance, the discovery and development process takes too long; No. 3, the Food and Drug Administration’s responsibilities have grown to include many unrelated to regulating medical products; No. 4, science outside the FDA is moving at a faster pace than ever; No. 5, an effec-tive FDA is essential to maintain the U.S. leadership in biomedical innova-tion. 
Some of the report’s key findings in-
clude that complex medical devices ap-proved in the U.S. were available to pa-tients in Europe on average four years earlier than in the U.S., and increased competition for NIH grants may be dis-couraging researchers from proposing risky projects. Further, the average cost to develop a drug is disputed-some say $1 billion, some say $2 billion, some more-but all agree it is rising, and un-predictable and inconsistent develop-ment requirement standards in the FDA review process drive product de-velopers to design clinical trials that are unnecessarily expansive. 
Since World War II, the U.S. has 
dominated the biomedical industry space. Even 20 years ago, studies sug-gested that the U.S. share of global biomedical research funding was as high as 70–80 percent. 
However, from 2007 to 2012, the U.S. 
share of research and development de-clined from about 51 percent to 45 per-cent. While the U.S. continued to lead the world in public sector investment during this time, private sector invest-ment shrank by almost $13 billion and largely reallocated to Asia. 
This is a chance to step back and 
look at where we are and how all the different reauthorizations have added up. We need to ensure that legislative efforts over the last 30 years are help-
ing and not getting in the way of hav-ing the best treatment and technology available for the right patient at the right time. Our goal is simple but am-bitious—to work in a bipartisan way with members of the HELP Committee to make sure policies support medical innovation and patient access to im-portant medicines and medical tech-nologies. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the copy of the 
executive summary from the report that Senator B
URRand I are releasing 
today. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  
‘‘We stand on the cusp of a revolution in 
health care. Advances in molecular medicine will allow us to develop powerful new treat-ments that can cure or even prevent diseases like Alzheimer’s and cancer. Tomorrow’s high-tech cures can also slash health-care costs and eliminate ineffective treatments. What will it take to realize the potential of the new medicine?’’ 
—Andrew von Eschenbach, former FDA Com-
missioner, 2012 
The federal government has been an enthu-
siastic investor in biomedical research for five decades. That investment has helped drive rapid innovation and bring us to a crossroads: Will we use what we have learned to transform the discovery and development of new drugs and medical devices, or will we maintain the status quo, depriving patients of cutting-edge products? 
With the release of this report, the Senate 
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) Committee is beginning an inclusive and transparent process to: 
Candidly assess the status quo: What 
works? What’s not working? What can we do better? 
Identify how Congress can improve public 
policies to promote the efficiency and effec-tiveness of medical product development to cut down on the total time it takes for these products to get to American patients. 
Pass transformational legislation that the 
President can sign this year. 
Every American is personally affected by 
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and National Institutes of Health (NIH). Anytime we take medicine, have a routine check-up, or undergo a serious proce-dure for a health problem, like surgery or cancer treatment, we are using medical prod-ucts regulated by the FDA. In many cases, the research leading to the discovery and de-velopment of these products has been ad-vanced, funded, or enabled in some way by the NIH. 
These two agencies have an enormous in-
fluence on our economy. FDA-regulated products account for about 25 cents of every dollar spent by American consumers each year. 
For generations, America has led the world 
in medical innovation. The dedicated profes-sionals at the NIH and FDA have helped to instill confidence in FDA-approved products. Scientists from across the globe take seri-ously the findings and caliber of research that NIH funds, as well as the safety and effi-cacy of products FDA approves. 
But our global edge is slipping. Medical discoveries and advancements to 
treat and cure diseases, including new tar-geted drugs, could, and should, be reaching American patients more quickly and with less cost to developers, without lessening the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.028 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S628 January 29, 2015 
standards of safety and efficacy. Too many 
patients with no treatment options wait while potential treatments languish in lab-oratories awaiting further development, testing, and/or approval. At the same time, each additional $1 billion spent on pharma-ceutical research and development results in fewer drugs than in years past. The time and cost of developing medical products is in-creasing without a discussion of whether there is enough incremental assurance of safety and effectiveness for the additional delays and costs. 
Over the past several decades, FDA’s mis-
sion and regulatory reach has expanded dra-matically. This has resulted in an increas-ingly complex bureaucracy while the science of discovery and development has evolved more rapidly than ever in academia and pri-vate industry. FDA has struggled to regulate the most cutting-edge medical products. The disparity between the pace of scientific dis-covery and development outside of the FDA and FDA’s scientific knowledge threatens America’s position as a global leader in med-ical innovation. 
FDA Commissioner, Dr. Margaret Ham-
burg, has acknowledged that ‘‘. . . we are left relying on the 20th century approaches for the review, approval and oversight of the treatments and cures of the 21st century.’’ While the FDA has reviewed drugs in as lit-tle as three months, and meets the timelines set for medical device reviews the majority of the time, the inability of medical product developers to predict what questions will be asked during the review forces a multi-year process simply to get an application ready for FDA consideration. This lack of predict-ability is driven by fast changing and com-plex science, inefficient and inconsistent processes, and difficulty in hiring and retain-ing review staff and managers. This chal-lenge will grow as new medical products and the clinical methods used to test them con-tinue to evolve at an exciting pace. 
This report aims to examine the current 
process of drug and device development and identify the inefficiencies that stand in the way of a modern development and review process. We take a close and honest look at what is, and is not, working well at the NIH and FDA. We want to know what successes we can replicate, and what failures must be learned from and fixed. 
This report is organized to follow the proc-
ess it examines—in other words it takes us from discovery to approval. We outline key problems, partnerships, initiatives, dollars, and data involved in helping to bring prom-ising medical products through the research, development, and regulatory review process. We identify the challenges at the NIH and FDA—inefficiencies, unnecessary regulatory burden, a lack of predictability, and ever in-creasing regulatory costs—that must be ad-dressed. We identify ways to facilitate stake-holder engagement in these processes, and we intend to continue regular and respon-sible congressional oversight. 
Our goal is simple and ambitious—to work 
in a bipartisan way with members of the HELP Committee to align public policies to support accelerating medical innovation and patient access to important medicines and medical technologies. 
Science has never held greater potential to 
improve the quality of life and outcomes for America’s patients. In order to fully realize this exciting potential, we must identify, candidly assess, and confront existing fac-tors that may be stifling efforts to innovate. We have identified five guiding principles for this effort: 
(1) It costs too much to bring medical prod-
ucts through the pipeline to patients. 
(2) As science and technology advance, the 
discovery and development process takes too long for medical products to make their way 
to patients. 
(3) FDA’s responsibilities have grown to in-
clude many activities unrelated to the core function of regulating medical products to advance the public health. 
(4) The disparity in scientific knowledge at 
FDA and the fast pace of biomedical innova-tion are slowing, and in some cases, stifling, innovation in American medicine. 
(5) A working FDA is essential to con-
tinuing biomedical innovation in the United States and maintaining America’s global leadership in medical innovation. 
For us to succeed, we need your help. The 
full spectrum of stakeholders here is incred-ibly large and diverse, so it may be chal-lenging to identify specific challenges and/or best practices that would have wide-ranging impact. We wish to solicit ideas on how to address these challenges in order to inform action in the 114th Congress. This report and the feedback we receive in response to it will inform what we expect will become a bipar-tisan legislative package to address the chal-lenges we identify through this process. Please send your ideas to us at Innovate@help.senate.gov not later than February 23, 2015. These comments will be shared with Ranking Member Patty Murray and all of our colleagues on the HELP Com-mittee as we work to achieve this important goal. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I look forward to 
the remarks from the Senator from North Carolina. As I have said, no Sen-ator has done more on either side of the aisle in this area of helping us think about creative new ways to move treatments, medical devices, and drugs through our safety process into the medicine cabinets and into the hands of patients who desperately need them. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to talk about an issue that as Senator A
LEXANDER said is near and 
dear to my heart; that is, ensuring that America’s patients have access to the most cutting-edge medical products in as timely a manner as possible. I look forward to the partnership that Chair-man Alexander and I have in what I think is one of the most crucial studies and processes we will go through in this session of Congress. 
Many of my colleagues know that 
holding the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Admin-istration accountable for their work on behalf of America’s patients is not a new area of focus for either one of us. After I was first elected to serve in the House of Representatives, I was tasked with modernizing the Food and Drug Administration, a Federal agency that controls 25 cents of every $1 of our economy. This work culminated in the Food and Drug Administration Mod-ernization Act of 1977, FDAMA, a total revamp of that agency. 
FDAMA sought to ensure that the 
FDA had the tools it needed to keep pace with modern scientific advances. We modernized the agency in a way that supported regulating in the least burdensome manner, while ensuring that innovative products would reach patients in as timely a manner as pos-sible. As many of my colleagues re-
member, these reforms were adopted at a critical point in the fight against the HIV/AIDS epidemic. But while we have made great strides in certain areas, FDAMA’s tools haven’t been fully le-veraged, and the challenges of keeping pace with the cutting-edge tech-nologies have only increased. 
Today the timely and predictable re-
view of medical products is key to pro-moting and protecting the public health, just as it was 18 years ago. But the agency’s mission and responsibil-ities have expanded dramatically over that same period of time. The size and the scope of the FDA as an organiza-tion has never been more complex than it is today. By its own admission, FDA has struggled to regulate the most cut-ting-edge medical products at the same time our understanding of medicine and the ability to target treatments to individualized patients has never been greater. The growth of the agency and its responsibilities presents serious management challenges. 
Our report, as the chairman said, en-
titled ‘‘Innovation for Healthier Ameri-cans: Identifying Opportunities for Meaningful Reform to Our Nation’s Medical Product Discovery and Devel-opment,’’ takes a hard look at the cur-rent status quo and poses targeted questions that can help inform how we do things better. We need to identify how we can improve our policies to promote more efficient and effective medical product development and re-view processes to cut down on total time it takes for these lifesaving prod-ucts to actually reach America’s pa-tients. 
We have seen how regulatory burden 
and uncertainty results in innovation going overseas, while America’s pa-tients wait for the FDA to catch up. The day-to-day actions and in many cases inaction at the agency has a pro-found effect on our Nation’s patients and our health care. 
It also directly impacts our economy, 
as FDA-regulated products account for about 25 cents of every $1 spent by American consumers. The importance of holding the agency accountable for its actions and inactions—all the way from the frontline reviewers to the Commissioner—has never been more important than now. 
This is what the current landscape 
tells us: 
No. 1, it costs too much to bring med-
ical products through the development pipeline to patients. There is no dis-puting that the costs to bring medical products through the development pipeline have grown over time. 
No. 2, as science and technology ad-
vance, the discovery and development process takes longer for medical prod-ucts to make their ways to patients. We need to look at the total real time it takes for medical products to reach a patient, not only the time of FDA re-view. 
In 2004, FDA’s Critical Path Report 
warned that: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.011 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S629 January 29, 2015 
Today’s revolution in biomedical science 
has raised new hope for the prevention, treatment, and cure of severe illnesses. How-ever, there is a growing concern that many of the new basic science discoveries made in recent years may not quickly yield more ef-fective, more affordable, and safe medical products for patients. This is because the current medical product development path is becoming increasingly challenging, ineffi-cient, and costly. 
More than a decade later, these chal-
lenges continue to confront us. We must find a way to embrace our ad-vances and to cut down on the total time it takes medical products to reach an American patient. Our report asks for feedback, as the chairman said, on how we do that. 
No. 3, FDA’s responsibilities have 
grown to include many activities unre-lated to the core function of regulating medical devices to advance the public health. Today there are more than 12,000 employees at the Food and Drug Administration. This growth has exac-erbated the management challenges of the agency, and the question is, How do we ensure that FDA is equipped to ful-fill its mission? 
No. 4, the disparity in scientific 
knowledge at FDA and the fast pace of biological innovation are slowing and in some cases stifling innovation in American medicine. To ensure that medical product innovation continues to benefit America’s patients, our re-port asks how we could better leverage the regulatory science initiatives to ensure that the novel medical products are reaching America’s patients in that timely fashion. 
No. 5, we know that a working FDA 
is essential to be continuing bio-medical innovation in the United States and maintaining America’s global leadership in medical innova-tion. Therefore, we ask for feedback on how Congress and the FDA can work to align public policy and regulation to support biomedical research as a vi-brant and healthy component of the U.S. economy. 
We have a unique opportunity this 
Congress to take a hard look at what is and is not working and advance solu-tions that will ultimately ensure that the NIH and the FDA serve America’s patients better. We have an oppor-tunity to focus on these issues without a crisis demanding action, such as the unfortunate meningitis outbreak in 2012. 
The drug and medical device user fee 
negotiations have not yet begun. I should add that these negotiations should not begin until everyone has the data to inform how well the agency is currently meeting what was agreed to in the last round of negotiations. It makes no sense to me why anyone would rush to engage in a negotiation before they have the data to know what they are getting or what they are currently paying for. 
It is my hope that looking at these 
issues without the pressure of an emi-nent, expiring, user fee reauthorization will help to facilitate candid dialogue among all stakeholders about where we 
are, where we need to go on behalf of America’s patients. 
While we do not have these pressures 
upon us today, we do bring an urgency to this work because of what is at stake. These issues impact every single one of our constituents and every sin-gle American, but they affect not only our patients but our economy and our global competitiveness. 
Our goal is simple, to align public 
policies to support accelerated medical innovation and patient access to medi-cines and medical technologies, be-cause when we advance innovation, we help America’s patients be able to ac-cess the most cutting-edge, lifesaving medical devices, and products in as timely a fashion as possible. 
We foster and facilitate the next gen-
eration of cutting-edge products which, in turn, help to ensure America’s con-tinued standing as the world leader of innovation. 
This is good for our innovators, it is 
good for our patients, and it is good for North Carolina. 
Dr. Paul Howard of the Manhattan 
Institute’s Center for Medical Progress was right when he pointed out that in-novation is not an option, it is a na-tional imperative. Innovation is cen-tral to addressing our Nation’s unsustainable health care costs. It is also central to improving the treat-ments, outcomes, and ultimately the quality of life for the American people. 
Former FDA Commissioner Andrew 
von Eschenbach was kind enough to pen the foreword of this report. The chairman has already alluded to some of his statements, but in that foreword he writes: 
Government policy can either inhibit or 
accelerate the next revolution in science and technology. The time has come to examine whether our nation has the right public poli-cies in place to realize the full promise of discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century medicine. 
Toward that end, I really do look for-
ward to working with my good friend Chairman A
LEXANDER , with our rank-
ing member, Senator M URRAY , and 
with all the members of the HELP Committee as we begin this important process of ensuring that the National Institutes of Health and the Food and Drug Administration work as well as they can for patients today and, more importantly, into the future. 
I thank the chairman for the oppor-
tunity to work with him on this issue. It won’t be an easy road, but it is one we are committed to tackling. I urge those who might have input for the purposes of this study and this initia-tive to please visit the HELP Web site and submit feedback to innovation@help.senate.gov. I am glad to see we have put that in place. 
I say to my colleagues on both sides 
of the aisle, health care doesn’t distin-guish between parties. Health care re-quires us to come together and to put policies in place that drive innovation and drive quality outcomes. If we can do that, we might set a new pathway 
for how we cure disease, for how we bring down health care costs, and for how Americans look forward to a gen-eration that grows up with less geneti-cally transmitted diseases. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. Mr. COTTON. The clerk will call the 
roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator from Florida, Mr. N
ELSON , and I be per-
mitted to proceed for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
RETIREMENT SECURITY ACT  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today 
Senator N ELSON and I rise to discuss S. 
266, the Retirement Security Act, legis-lation we filed earlier this week and first introduced last year. Our bill would encourage more small employers to offer retirement plans that would provide incentives for employees to save more for retirement and would en-sure that low-income and middle-in-come taxpayers are able to claim tax benefits for retirement savings that are already authorized in law. 
Our bill is the product of the work 
that Senator N
ELSON and I did together 
on the Special Committee on Aging. In the fall of 2013, the committee con-ducted a hearing on retirement secu-rity where we heard from witnesses that far too many American seniors have real reason to fear they will out-live their savings. According to the nonpartisan Center for Retirement Re-search at Boston College, there is an estimated $6.6 trillion gap between the savings that American households need to maintain their standard of living in retirement and what they actually have. The group that was surveyed were those Americans between ages 32 and 64. 
Nationally, one in four retired Amer-
icans has no source of income beyond Social Security. In the State of Maine the number is one in three. While 4 in 10 rely on this vital program for 90 per-cent of their retirement income, Social Security provides an average benefit of just $1,294 per month—less than $16,000 per year. 
It is hard to imagine stretching those 
dollars far enough to pay the bills. Cer-tainly a comfortable retirement would be out of the question for most Ameri-cans. 
A recent Gallup poll shows there is 
an increase in concern among the American people about their standard of living in retirement. This has gone up over time. Two decades ago 34 per-cent of Americans were concerned. Now 60 percent of Americans are worried about their standard of living in retire-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.031 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S630 January 29, 2015 
Sadly, they are right to be con-
cerned. Projections published in 2014 by the Employee Benefit Research Insti-tute showed that nearly half of ‘‘early boomers’’—those between ages 56 and 62 when the study was conducted—are at risk of not having enough money to pay for basic costs in retirement, in-cluding health care costs not covered by insurance. 
There are many reasons for the de-
cline in retirement security facing American seniors, including the demise of many defined-benefit pension plans in the private sector, the severity of the financial crisis we recently en-dured, rising health care costs, the greater and expanding need for long- term care, which is so expensive, but most of all the fact that Americans are living far longer than they did in the past. Many of us are also reaching re-tirement age with far more debt than retirees of previous generations. 
Another contributing factor we found 
is that employees of small businesses are much less likely to participate in employer-based retirement plans. Ac-cording to a July 2013 GAO study, more than half of the 42 million Americans who work for businesses with fewer than 100 employees lack access to a work-based plan to save for retirement. Cost and complexity are among the reasons that plans are not more widely offered by smaller employers. 
These employers would very much 
like to offer plans, but oftentimes the cost and the complexity make the plans out of reach. Therefore, making it easier for smaller businesses to pro-vide access to retirement plans for their workers would make a significant difference in the financial security of many retirees. That is why the bill that we reintroduced earlier this week focuses on reducing the cost and com-plexity of retirement plans, especially for small businesses, and on encour-aging individuals to save more for re-tirement. 
Let me now go into detail about the 
provisions of our bill. 
First, our bill would allow small 
businesses to enter into multiple em-ployer plans, MEPs, to offer retirement programs jointly to their employees. This allows small companies to share the administrative burden of a retire-ment plan, which helps lower costs. Current law discourages the use of MEPs because it requires a connection, or ‘‘nexus,’’ between unrelated busi-nesses in order to join a MEP, such as membership in the same trade associa-tion. Our bill would waive the nexus re-quirement for businesses with fewer than 500 employees. So as not to dis-courage growth, our bill provides a long phase-out under which businesses are not automatically disqualified from a MEP when they hire their 500th employee. 
Second, our bill makes joining a MEP 
a more attractive option for small businesses. Under current law, if one employer in a MEP fails to meet the minimum criteria necessary for retire-ment plans to obtain tax benefits, all 
employers and their employees could lose these tax benefits, which are sub-stantial. For employees, they include delaying the taxation of income con-tributed to a plan until funds are with-drawn. For employers, plan disquali-fication could result in limited deduc-tions and a higher tax burden. Our bill directs Treasury to issue regulations to address this uncertainty, and protect members of a MEP from the failure of one bad apple to meet its obligations. 
Third, our bill reduces the cost of 
maintaining a retirement plan. Current law requires that participants in a re-tirement plan receive a variety of no-tices. Our bill would direct Treasury to simplify, clarify, and consolidate these required notices, to lessen costs. 
Fourth, the Retirement Security Act 
encourages those still in the workforce to save more for retirement. Retire-ment plans are often designed to com-ply with existing safe harbors to pre-vent the IRS from challenging the tax benefits that flow to employees and employers. The existing safe harbor for so-called ‘‘automatic enrollment’’ plans effectively caps employee con-tributions at 10 percent of annual pay, with the employer contributing a ‘‘matching’’ amount of up to 6 percent. Our bill creates an additional safe har-bor for these plans that would allow employees to receive an employer match on contributions of up to 10 per-cent of their pay. 
I recognize that businesses that 
choose to adopt a plan with this new optional safe harbor may face addi-tional costs due to the increased em-ployer match. That is why our bill helps the smallest businesses—those with fewer than 100 employees—offset this cost by providing a new tax credit equal to the increased match. 
Finally, our bill ensures that current 
measures to encourage savings are functioning as they were intended. One such measure is the so-called ‘‘saver’s credit,’’ which reduces the tax burden on low- and middle-income individuals who contribute to retirement plans, in-cluding IRAs and 401(k) plans. Yet the credit cannot be claimed on a form 1040EZ, which is frequently used by these individuals. A 2013 Transamerica Center for Retirement Studies survey found that only 23 percent of people with household incomes of less than $50,000 per year, the group most likely to qualify, were aware of the saver’s credit. To address this, our bill directs Treasury to make the credit available on Form 1040 EZ. 
I do want to emphasize in closing 
that is there is nothing in our bill that would force a small business to offer a 401(k) plan. That may be impractical for some small employers. What we are trying to do is to provide incentives for them to do so, to reduce the cost, and to make it possible for them to join to-gether with other employers to offer retirement plans. We are trying also to provide incentives for employees to save more for their retirement. During my time on the Special Com-
mittee on Aging, I have heard count-less stories of retirees whose savings did not go as far as they had antici-pated. Adequate savings reduce poverty among our seniors in what should be their golden years. As the HELP Com-mittee noted in a July 2012 report, pov-erty among the elderly also increases Medicare and Medicaid costs and strains our social safety net. Giving those not yet at retirement age more opportunities to save—and to save more—would help ease this additional burden on entitlement programs that are already projected to be unsustainable. 
In light of the positive impacts this 
bill would have in strengthening retire-ment security for millions of Ameri-cans, I urge our colleagues to join Sen-ator N
ELSON and me in supporting the 
Retirement Security Act of 2015. This bill has been endorsed by the Maine State Chamber of Commerce, the American Benefits Council, the Amer-ican Council of Life Insurers, Fidelity Investments, Lincoln Financial Group, the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors, the Plan Spon-sor Council of America, the Principal Financial Group, the Society for Human Resource Management, Trans-America, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD these as well as 
other letters of support. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MAINE STATE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , 
Augusta, ME, January 8, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN M. C OLLINS , 
Dirksen Senate Office Building, U.S. Senate, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR COLLINS : First, I want to 
wish you a Happy New Year. I would also like to thank you for your continued service to the state of Maine, particularly the busi-ness community. Your efforts in Washington are most appreciated! 
I am writing to you today about your ef-
forts to enable more businesses to offer re-tirement plans to their employees. The 
Maine State Chamber of Commerce fully supports your efforts on this front. As you know, small businesses drive Maine’s econ-omy—80% of businesses here in Maine em-ploy fewer than 20 people—and their employ-ees are like family to them. 
I regularly hear from small businesses who 
want to offer more retirement benefits to their employees, but are not in the financial position to do so. Coming from a small busi-ness state, you clearly understand this. Your proposed legislation can. change this dy-namic and make offering retirement plans a more viable option for more small busi-nesses—not only in Maine, but across the country. 
Again, thank you for your efforts on behalf 
of Maine’s business community. Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Sincerely, 
D
ANAF. C ONNORS , 
President/CEO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.042 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S631 January 29, 2015 
AMERICAN BENEFITS COUNCIL , 
Washington, DC, January 21, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ILLNELSON , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR COLLINS AND SENATOR NEL-
SON: On behalf of the American Benefits 
Council, I am writing to applaud the intro-duction of the Retirement Security Act of 2015. We stand ready to assist you in working toward enactment of this important piece of legislation. 
The Council is a public policy organization 
representing principally Fortune 500 compa-nies and other organizations that assist em-ployers of all sizes in providing benefits to employees. Collectively, the Council’s mem-bers either sponsor directly or provide serv-ices to retirement and health plans that cover more than 100 million Americans. 
The private retirement system is a great 
success and has helped ensure the retirement security of millions of Americans. But there is still more work to be done, especially with respect to the coverage of small business em-ployees and with respect to benefit levels. 
Your bill would take major steps forward 
in addressing both of these issues. We believe the bill’s reforms of the multiple employer plans rules will expand opportunities for small businesses to band together to main-tain plans at a lower cost. In particular, we applaud the provision that would prevent an entire multiple employer plan from being disqualified by reason of a violation of the qualification rules by one or more partici-pating employers. This inappropriate result under current law can deter many small em-ployers from joining a multiple employer plan. 
The Council is a strong supporter of auto-
matic enrollment, and believes that the Re-tirement Security Act of 2015 would substan-tially increase the use of automatic enroll-ment through the establishment of an alter-native safe harbor with key incentives to adopt it. Moreover, the alternative safe har-bor would set default contributions at higher levels that are better designed to achieve re-tirement security. 
We thank you for your leadership in this 
important area and look forward to working toward enactment of this important bill. 
Sincerely, 
L
YNND. D UDLEY , 
Senior Vice President, 
Global Retirement and Compensation Policy, American Benefits Council. 
AMERICAN COUNCIL OF LIFEINSURERS , 
Washington, DC, January 21, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Dirksen Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. B ILLNELSON , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARSENATOR COLLINS AND SENATOR NEL-
SON, The American Council of Life Insurers 
(ACLI) would like to express our apprecia-tion for your leadership in the field of retire-ment security, especially in your roles as Chairman and Ranking Member of the Sen-ate Special Committee on Aging. We support you for reintroducing the Retirement Secu-rity Act of 2015, a bill that would greatly ex-pand the ability of Americans to better save for their retirement. 
ACLI represents approximately 300 legal 
reserve life insurer and fraternal benefit so-ciety member companies operating in the United States and abroad. ACLI member companies offer insurance contracts and other investment products and services to 
qualified retirement plans, including defined benefit pensions, 401(k) and 403(b) arrange-ments, and to individuals through individual retirement accounts (IRAs) or on a non- qualified basis. Our members and their prod-ucts help Americans accumulate retirement savings and turn those savings into guaran-teed lifetime income. 
ACLI supports proposals that will help ex-
pand coverage and encourage small busi-nesses to sponsor retirement savings plans for their employees. The Retirement Secu-rity Act of 2015 would help facilitate the use of private multiple employer plans, encour-age greater use of auto-enrollment and auto- escalation features, and allow employers to use a ‘‘stretch match’’ to incent employees 
to save even more. The bill would expand tax incentives for small businesses to offer re-tirement plans, an important consideration for many employers. Likewise, the bill would make it easier for more individuals to access the Savers’ Credit, helping low-income work-ers maximize their savings. These valuable reforms will help to expand a system already important to millions of Americans. 
Again, we appreciate your continued sup-
port of the current retirement security sys-tem. ACLI and its member companies look forward to working with you and your staffs to improve retirement security for all Amer-icans. 
Sincerely, 
D
IRKKEMPTHORNE , 
President and Chief Executive Officer. 
FIDELITY INVESTMENTS , 
Boston, MA, January 20, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
Dirksen Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ILLNELSON , 
Hart Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATORS COLLINS AND NELSON : On 
behalf of Fidelity Investments, I would like to thank you for your efforts to improve re-tirement security and enhance pension cov-erage among small employers. The private employer retirement system has been a great success, yet more can be done to improve re-tirement security and expand access to workplace savings plans. 
Fidelity supports provisions in the Retire-
ment Security Act of 2013 that would estab-lish a new safe harbor from the 401(k) non-discrimination rules for plans that automati-cally enroll employees at a minimum con-tribution level equal to 6 percent of pay. One of the key actions to boost retirement secu-rity for workers is to save at the right rates in a workplace savings plan. Automatic en-rollment at a minimum of 6 percent of pay, along with annual automatic increases and investing appropriately, puts workers on a better path toward retirement security. Our data and analysis show that the average par-ticipation rate among plans with automatic enrollment is approximately 90 percent, re-gardless of the default contribution rate and regardless of the salary level. The 3 percent minimum contribution rate under the cur-rent safe harbor is too low and woefully in-adequate to put employees on a path to reach their retirement savings goals. Due to human inertia many employees who auto-en-roll at 3 percent are unlikely to take any ac-tion to increase their savings. Raising the minimum contribution level from 3 percent to 6 percent would go a long way toward in-creasing savings rates and improving retire-ment security. 
Furthermore, Fidelity supports provisions 
in the bill to streamline and simplify regula-tions and reduce unnecessary burdens that serve as an obstacle to retirement plan cov-erage. Regulatory burdens are one of the big-gest obstacles to small employers that may 
otherwise want to offer a retirement plan to their employees. 
Fidelity applauds your leadership on re-
tirement security and appreciates your ef-forts to advance these reforms. We hope to work with you as the bill moves through the legislative process to further simplify the rules and streamline duplicative or unneces-sary regulations to help achieve your goal of expanding pension coverage. 
Regards, 
D
OUGLAS B. F ISHER , 
Senior Vice President. 
LINCOLN FINANCIAL GROUP , 
Greensboro, NC, January 20, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
Dirksen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR COLLINS : On behalf of Lin-
coln Financial Group, I am writing to ex-press our strong support for the Retirement Security Act of 2015. We thank you for your leadership in sponsoring this very important bill. 
Congress has made great strides forward in 
enhancing retirement security, but there are many challenges still ahead. One of the key challenges is improving retirement plan cov-erage among small businesses. The Act would help address the small business issue by reforming the rules regarding multiple employer plans, which help small businesses achieve many of the economies of scale that large businesses have. The Act would modify the rules to make multiple employer plans more efficient and more workable for small businesses. 
We also applaud the Act’s new automatic 
enrollment safe harbor and its important en-hancement of access to the saver’s credit. These provisions will increase participation levels, especially among low and middle-in-come individuals. 
We strongly support your efforts and stand 
ready to assist you in moving forward with this important piece of legislation. 
Sincerely, 
C
HARLES C. C ORNELIO , 
President, Retirement Plan Services. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
INSURANCE AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS , 
Falls Church, VA, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN M. C OLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATOR COLLINS : The National As-
sociation of Insurance and Financial Advi-sors (NAIFA) applauds your efforts in pre-serving and enhancing the voluntary em-ployer-provided retirement system and the tax incentives that support it. These plans are helping millions of American families achieve a secure retirement. 
The employer-sponsored retirement plan 
system has introduced tens of millions of American workers to retirement saving. Em-ployers voluntarily establish and promote these plans to help their workers build assets for a secure retirement. 
NAIFA encourages support for the Retire-
ment Security Act of 2015 introduced by Sen-ator Susan M. Collins. The bill would add a new more generous safe harbor for small business retirement plans, establish a tax credit for employer matches for plan spon-sors using the new (optional) safe harbor, and ease the rules allowing small employers to join multiple employer pension plans. 
Cost is often a factor in whether a business 
will offer a plan for its employees to ade-quately save for retirement. This bill lowers costs by waiving a requirement that there be a nexus among businesses to join multiple employer plans, thereby allowing more enti-ties to share plan administrative burdens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.013 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S632 January 29, 2015 
The bill instructs Treasury to simplify, clar-
ify and consolidate notice requirements for retirement plans, and instructs Treasury to provide taxpayers using a 1040EZ filing the ability to report and receive a tax credit, if eligible. 
We thank you for your leadership in help-
ing employees plan and prepare for a finan-cially secure retirement. 
Sincerely, 
J
ULIY. M CNEELY , 
LUTCF, CFP, CLU, 
NAIFA President. 
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP , 
Des Moines, IA, January 9, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Dirksen Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. B ILLNELSON , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARSENATOR COLLINS AND NELSON : On be-
half of Principal Financial Group, I want to thank you for your leadership in seeking to improve and enhance the existing voluntary defined contribution system through the Re-tirement Security Act of 2015. Employer sponsored 401(k) plans and other worksite re-tirement plans have helped millions of work-ers save trillions of dollars. These plans have proven to be resilient even in challenging times but more is needed to expand access to worksite retirement plans. Your proposal builds upon the strength of the existing sys-tem, providing main street businesses the necessary tools to address retirement sav-ings adequacy and coverage challenges. 
Principal Financial Group is a leading pro-
vider of defined contribution plans with more than 70 years’ experience working with small to medium-sized employers and their employees. We currently provide retirement services to more than 41,000 retirement plans and 4.5 million employee participants. 
Principal was particularly pleased with 
your inclusion of the enhanced automatic contribution safe harbor. We must find ways to encourage far greater numbers of plan sponsors to adopt automatic enrollment and escalation features with substantive em-ployer match contributions. To do this, we feel more flexibility is needed in the existing safe harbor requirements and your proposal offers a good starting point for gaining that additional flexibility. 
Thank you for your leadership in this area. 
We look forward to working with you as the process continues. Seeking solutions to these important policy considerations to expand savings rates in the current employer based retirement system is vital to the economic wellbeing of millions of future retirees. 
Sincerely, 
G
REGORY J. B URROWS , 
Senior Vice President. 
SOCIETY FOR HUMAN  
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT , 
Alexandria, VA, January 9, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Dirksen Senate Office Building, 
Washington,DC. 
Hon. B ILLNELSON , 
U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, 
Washington,DC. 
DEAR SENATORS COLLINS AND NELSON : On 
behalf of more than 275,000 human resource professionals who belong to the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), I would like to thank you for your leadership on the issue of retirement security. The in-troduction of the Retirement Security Act of 2015, demonstrates your commitment to en-suring that all Americans are given the abil-ity to save for retirement. 
Founded in 1948, SHRM is the world’s larg-
est membership organization devoted to human resource management. Representing 
more than 275,000 members in over 160 coun-tries, SHRM is the leading provider of re-sources to meet the evolving needs of HR professionals, while advancing the profes-sional practice of human resource manage-ment. SHRM has more than 575 affiliated chapters throughout the United States. 
As human resource professionals, it has 
been our members’ experience that a com-prehensive and flexible benefits package is an essential tool in recruiting and retaining talented employees. Regardless of an em-ployer’s size, it is vitally important that every employee be given the opportunity to save and plan for retirement and to protect his or her family’s financial health. Steps the government can take to facilitate and encourage voluntary employer-sponsored re-tirement plans and individual savings plans are critical to achieving this goal. 
Removing barriers and disincentives, espe-
cially for small businesses, is a tactic that can lead to greater participation in em-ployer-provided defined benefit retirement plans. A variety of options including tax in-centives, increased contribution limits, catch-up contributions for older workers and increased access for employees, are all ele-ments that have proven to increase partici-pation and contribution levels in retirement plans. SHRM believes that the Retirement Security Act of 2015 would benefit both em-ployers and employees by expanding impor-tant tax credits to small businesses as well as expanding auto-enrollment safe harbor provisions. These elements are essential for small businesses, who comprise an important segment of our membership, to offer retire-ment plans that enable their employees to save for retirement. 
We look forward to working with you in 
the future to ensure that retirement security for all Americans is preserved. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL P. A ITKEN , 
Vice President, Government Affairs. 
TRANSAMERICA , 
GOVERNMENT AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, January 22, 2015. 
Re Retirement Security Act of 2015 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
Dirksen Senate Office Building, U.S. Senate, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATOR COLLINS : On behalf of 
Transamerica, I would like to thank you for your leadership on retirement security issues as most recently evidenced by your in-troduction today of the Retirement Security Act of 2015. 
Your bill addresses in a comprehensive 
manner problems faced by small and large employers in providing their employees the means to save for a secure retirement, as well as by individuals in trying to achieve a secure retirement through workplace sav-ings. In particular, removing impediments to the adoption of multiple employer plans, ex-panding the auto enrollment safe harbor and making it easier to claim the Saver’s Credit are areas in which Transamerica has been extremely active—from a policy, participant education and market development stand-point. I and others at Transamerica look for-ward to working with you and your staff as you move the bill forward. 
The Transamerica companies market life 
insurance, annuities, pensions and supple-mental health insurance, as well as mutual funds and related investment products throughout the U.S. and in selected coun-tries worldwide. Transamerica Retirement Solutions provides and services workforce retirement savings plans in the small and mid-large employer markets. As of December 31, 2014, these plans held in the aggregate over $132 billion in assets for 3.7 million par-
ticipants. The Transamerica companies are ranked among the top insurance groups in the U.S., based on admitted assets, and em-ploy approximately 11,000 people nationwide. 
Please do not hesitate to contact either me 
if I can provide any specific information re-garding our retirement plan business or mar-ket expertise to support your efforts. 
Very truly yours, 
J
EANNE DE CERVENS , 
Vice President & Director, 
Federal Government Affairs. 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA , 
Washington, DC, January 21, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. V
ERNBUCHANAN , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR COLLINS AND REPRESENTA -
TIVE BUCHANAN : The U.S. Chamber of Com-
merce, the world’s largest business federa-tion representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local cham-bers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, thanks you for introducing the ‘‘Retirement Secu-rity Act of 2015.’’ Retirement security is a critical issue, and our members support all efforts to encourage voluntary participation in retirement savings plans. 
The Retirement Security Act of 2015 in-
cludes key provisions that the Chamber has set forth as important reforms to the retire-ment system including eliminating barriers to the use of multiple employer plans; pro-
viding optional safe harbor alternatives; and simplifying notice requirements. Overall, the Chamber believes that the Retirement Secu-rity Act of 2015 would provide important re-forms to encourage participation by both plan sponsors and plan participants in the employer-provided retirement system. 
The Chamber looks forward to working 
with you on this bill and urges Congress to take steps to further the enactment of the bill. 
Sincerely, 
R. B
RUCE JOSTEN , 
Executive Vice President, 
Government Affairs. 
PLANSPONSOR COUNCIL OF AMERICA , 
Washington, DC, January 20, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN M. C OLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ILLNELSON , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSENATORS COLLINS AND NELSON , The 
Plan Sponsor Council of America (PSCA) is pleased to endorse the Retirement Security Act of 2015. The Act removes several impedi-ments that restrict the ability of small busi-nesses to participate in multiple employer plans, or MEPs. Expanded MEP access will open another important avenue for small business owners to provide critically impor-tant retirement plans for hardworking em-ployees. 
The small business arena is the last fron-
tier for improving access to an employer- provided retirement plan. The Retirement Security Act of 2015 will help conquer this frontier, providing a uniform, federal re-sponse. This is an especially timely endeavor as states consider enacting new legislation relating to employer-based retirement plans that could result in a problematic patchwork of disparate laws impacting plan sponsors and employees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.032 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S633 January 29, 2015 
Thank you for your efforts on behalf of 
American workers. 
Sincerely, 
STEPHEN MCCAFFREY , 
Chairman, PSCA Legal 
and Legislative Committee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this bill 
is borne out of the work Senator C OL-
LINS and I did on the Special Com-
mittee on Aging. After we had a hear-ing on the condition of the American senior citizen, it was certainly clear that something had to be done to give them better access to retirement plans. 
A lot of the situation that Senator 
C
OLLINS has just described is so true. 
Fewer than half of workers have access to any retirement plan at work, and those numbers are even constricted when you start talking about employ-ees who work for smaller business. Only one quarter of small businesses with less than 100 employees offers any type of retirement plan for their em-ployees. 
The lack of a retirement plan at 
work means when an individual gets to be a senior citizen they are going to end up relying on Social Security, where we are talking about a benefit of maybe $1,300 a month, or $15,000 a year. That is simply not enough to pay for housing and medical care and other ex-penses. In my State of Florida, one- third of the senior citizens rely on So-cial Security income to get by in re-tirement. We have to fix this problem. There are too many people who work too hard throughout their lives and get to be in those golden years, and then they are faced with a real crisis. 
So the legislation the two of us have 
worked on for well over a year will offer retirement plans by encouraging small businesses to set up those retire-ment plans. One example would be small businesses will be able to pool to-gether their resources and take advan-tage of the economies of scale. There is no reason that a very good retirement plan can’t be as a result of cobbling to-gether the resources of many small businesses and still have a retirement plan that makes sense for the indi-vidual retirement business because they are getting the economies of scale. 
The bill is going to encourage the 
employees to save more with things such as providing automatic enroll-ment in retirement plans, and it is going to encourage increasing the em-ployer match. Those things are all common sense. 
I join Senator C
OLLINS in urging our 
colleagues to come together, and let’s try to do this for the American senior citizens. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Ms. W
ARREN per-
taining to the introduction of S. 320 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). The majority leader. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —H.R. 203 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 4:30 p.m. on Monday, February 2, the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 6, H.R. 203; that the time until 5:30 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, without any intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to speak in opposition to the Key-stone XL Pipeline. This bill will not help our economy, it will not create permanent jobs, and it certainly is not a boon to the environment. On item after item, the Keystone pipeline just doesn’t make sense for the United States. 
When we last debated Keystone in 
November, the price for a barrel of oil was about $75. That price was already down from a peak of $100 in 2014, and since then the price has dropped an-other $25, to less than $50 a barrel. 
In November, the average price of gas 
was nearly $3 per gallon. This week, gas averages around $2.20 per gallon— the cheapest in nearly six years—and many States are seeing gas under $2 per gallon. 
In fact, since this pipeline was first 
proposed in 2008, America has gone from the third largest producer of oil to the world’s largest producer, sur-passing both Russia and Saudi Arabia. As a result of new production and in-creasing fuel economy, the final months of 2014 saw the lowest net im-ports of crude oil since 1986. 
The Keystone Pipeline is simply not 
necessary for America’s energy inde-pendence. 
Even worse, the oil that moves 
through the pipeline isn’t necessarily for the benefit of the United States. In-stead, the pipeline would be a conduit to move the oil from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico, where it will be refined and sold on the global market. Some individual barrels may be kept in the United States, but much will be ex-ported and prices will be set by inter-national supply and demand. The State Department’s review projected that building a pipeline would have ‘‘little impact on the prices U.S. consumers pay for refined products such as gaso-line.’’ I fail to see how the United States gains any economic benefit from this project. 
Finally, Keystone supporters often 
argue that the pipeline creates large numbers of jobs. It is great that this project will create nearly 2,000 direct 
construction jobs over 2 years, and more indirectly. Unfortunately, those jobs are temporary. That means once the pipeline is complete in two years, operating the pipeline will support only around 50 permanent jobs. 
The American economy won’t benefit 
from this bill. American companies won’t benefit. American drivers won’t benefit, and American workers won’t benefit. The economic policies behind the pipeline just don’t make sense. 
Unfortunately, the problems also 
don’t end with the lack of economic value. This project also comes with substantial hazards for the environ-ment. Extracting oil from these tar sands would essentially mean the de-struction of huge swaths of land in Al-berta. The tar sands are beneath 54,000 square miles of boreal forest and peat bog, an area the size of the state of New York. 
An estimated 20 percent of the depos-
its require destructive surface mining, which entails clearing huge swathes of boreal forest and top soil to get at the tar sands beneath. Already, 175,000 acres of forest have been cleared, but an additional 1 million acres of forest have already been leased for surface mining operations. 
This destructive form of mining gen-
erates large volumes of toxic waste-water, which must be stored in vast tailings ponds that already cover around 70 square miles. These tailings contain high concentrations of benzene and other carcinogens, as well as lead and mercury. Significantly higher lev-els of these pollutants have been found downstream from tar sands refineries, leading to higher rates of cancers, in-cluding leukemia and non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma. 
The development of these tar sands 
will have negative effects on the envi-ronment and public health, and it has also contributed significantly to Can-ada’s failure to fulfill its Kyoto Pro-tocol obligations. I believe that Canada should rethink its approach to tar sands development. 
Finally, I wish like to address cli-
mate change. No matter how hard some of my colleagues hope climate change isn’t real, it is, and we are al-ready seeing harmful effects. 
Transforming the oil from tar sands 
into useful gasoline is 80 percent more carbon intensive than the processing of typical crude oil. Producing, refining, and combusting the oil that Keystone would carry will release up to 168 mil-lion metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions every year. That is 27 mil-lion metric tons more greenhouse gas emissions than would be emitted from burning the same amount of typical crude oil. To put this in context, those additional emissions over normal proc-essing are equivalent to the annual emissions from 5.7 million cars, 1.4 mil-
lion homes or nearly 8 coal-fired power plants. 
The economics of the Keystone Pipe-
line don’t make sense, and the environ-mental risks could well be tragic. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.012 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S634 January 29, 2015 
are being asked to approve a project 
that will primarily benefit Canadian companies and foreign oil markets, while at the same time accepting the consequences of the harm the pipeline and tar sands oil would create. 
If this is about jobs, let’s invest in 
clean energy. The Shaheen-Portman energy efficiency bill, for example, is estimated to create 190,000 jobs. If our goal is to lower fuel costs for American families, let’s speed up improvements to fuel economy standards. If we want to modernize our infrastructure, let’s get to work on a real transportation reauthorization bill. And if our aim is to exploit our energy resources, let’s focus on wind and solar, biofuels, or the future of batteries and fuel cells. 
We can do better than the Keystone 
Pipeline, both for our economy and for the environment. I encourage my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Keystone Pipeline. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, today I 
wish to speak on S. 1, legislation to ap-prove the Keystone XL pipeline. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of this 
bipartisan bill, which will approve con-struction of the pipeline that has been under review for 6 long years. By mov-ing this project forward, we are helping to secure America’s energy future, im-prove our national defense, and create tens of thousands of jobs for Ameri-cans. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline is a com-
monsense jobs bill. It should never have been a political issue. It goes far beyond the labor to construct the pipe-line—it will drastically increase em-ployment across many industries as we work to develop our North American energy resources. It is disappointing that the President is threatening to veto its approval when building Key-stone would create American jobs and help lower energy costs for families across the country. 
The American people are still strug-
gling in today’s economy, and they ex-pect and deserve Washington to cut red tape and unleash America’s energy re-sources. Building the Keystone XL pipeline is an important step toward meeting these goals, will help ensure America’s energy security, and rein-force relations with our largest trading partner. 
Unleashing our Nation’s full energy 
potential remains one of my top prior-ities in the U.S. Senate. I will work to advance serious policies that respon-sibly develop all of our energy re-sources, create good jobs, and make America more energy independent. 
It is time we start putting America’s 
issues on the President’s desk. I urge the President to reconsider his threat to veto the bipartisan Keystone jobs bill and to finally take the opportunity to work with Congress to find solutions the American people want. 
The Senator from Florida. 
TELEPHONE TRACKING DEVICES  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, there is 
a disturbing report in the Washington Post today about a major telephone company, Verizon, putting super-
cookies on the phones that its cus-tomers are using which will allow those customers to be tracked, and if that information is turned over to third parties, to be utilized for pur-poses of advertising, even though the customer has indicated they do not want that particular cookie placed on their device. 
Our staff on the commerce com-
mittee will be investigating this, and we certainly want to make sure that in this time of ubiquity of eyes prying all around in this electronic age we are living in that we preserve the rights of privacy for all individuals. 
This is a matter of particular impor-
tance to the commerce committee. It is of extreme importance to this Sen-ator, and I will keep the Senate in-formed. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I know 
we are about to bring some final votes on Keystone to the floor, but I want to take a few minutes to speak on the topic we will be focused on next week, and that is the impending crisis at the Department of Homeland Security should we not continue to fund their operations, which matters greatly to a State such as Connecticut—a State with expansive coastline, with natural disasters as part of our recent history, and with a close connection to some of the potential epicenters for terrorist activity and attacks, New York City being at the top of the list. 
It was just 3 weeks ago that terror-
ists staged a horrific attack in down-town Paris. Before they were stopped by law enforcement, dozens of people were killed or injured and the world was given another reminder of the threats that exist all around us. Across Europe countries stepped up their alert, increasing their law enforcement presence, raiding suspected terror cells, and requesting the assistance of the United States to help track down the people who carried out the attacks. 
Astoundingly, though, here at home, 
it seems as though there are a lot of Republicans in Congress who would rather talk about deporting children who were brought to this country with-out documentation rather than talk about funding the very agency that every day seems to keep our homeland safe from threats. 
Even as our allies in Europe look for 
ways to improve their security, the House of Representatives, in par-ticular, has told us that the only way we can fund the Department of Home-land Security—keeping this country safe—is to start deporting young boys 
and girls who are here trying to make it in the United States. 
The United States is no stranger to 
the types of attacks that happened in France. An Ohio man was arrested 3 weeks ago when it was discovered he was plotting to blow up the United States Capitol. I am certain we have not already forgotten about the Boston marathon bombing or what happened before that in Oklahoma City. The threats against this country continue to evolve. 
Why should we play politics with the 
agency that is most responsible for re-sponding and getting this country ready for those threats? It is the height of irresponsibility to suggest, as some 
of my colleagues have, that shutting down the Department of Homeland Se-curity—the Department responsible for protecting the United States from ter-rorist attacks—would be no big deal. 
This is what the Secretary of Home-
land Security has said. Last week he said: 
. . . as long as we are on a CR, we cannot en-
gage in new starts, new spending, new initia-tives, new grants to state and local law en-forcement to fund homeland security mis-sions. We can’t put in place the independent panel that recommended changes to the se-cret service. We can’t do a lot of things for border security. Our counterterrorism efforts are limited. 
In 28 days, the Department of Home-
land Security, the agency charged with border security, aviation security, cyber security, Presidential security, and counterterrorism efforts, is going to run out of funding. Instead of work-ing with the Senate, which overwhelm-ingly passed a bipartisan bill to fix our immigration system and secure our border, Republicans are willing to hold up this funding bill so they can deport DREAMers against the President’s Ex-ecutive order. It is not just irrespon-sible, it is dangerous. 
In my State, as I said, it matters 
greatly. Over the past several years, we have seen, as the northeast has been battered by hurricanes and super-storms and blizzards, the indispensable nature of agencies funded in the De-partment of Homeland Security budg-et. Failing to pass this bill would delay upgrades to critical and necessary emergency communication systems for first responders in my State that are responding to emergencies and disas-ters. Whether we like it or not, they are happening with greater frequency. 
Fortunately, thanks to the leader-
ship of Senator M
IKULSKI and Senator 
SHAHEEN , there is a path forward. Yes-
terday they introduced a clean, full- year funding bill that has been en-dorsed by every Democratic Senator. This is the same bipartisan, bicameral bill that was negotiated by the House and the Senate last year. 
This agreement includes critical as-
sistance, critical increases in funding for our border security, cyber security, air and maritime surveillance, and bio-logical and explosive detection at our borders. All of these things keep us 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.068 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S635 January 29, 2015 
safe at a time when we know that ter-
rorism is a more real threat than ever, not just to the United States but to our partner countries all around the world. 
Last week, the Senate unanimously 
passed a resolution I was proud to have written, declaring that we stand in sol-idarity with the people in France, that we mourn the loss of innocent victims and condemn the atrocity of these at-tacks. 
I submit that just as important as 
our words, which we all came together to support, are our deeds. Will our re-sponse now be to engage in a partisan fight over immigration or do we come together as Republicans and Democrats to fund the law enforcement personnel who are charged with keeping our citi-zens safe? 
Next week when we return to this 
body, I strongly urge my Republican colleagues to quickly bring a clean, bi-partisan Department of Homeland Se-curity appropriations bill to the floor. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CHILDREN ’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise to 
discuss the Children’s Health Insurance Program. This Congress 20 years ago passed CHIP. It was an invention of Senator Kennedy and Senator H
ATCH , 
both Senators who cared a lot about what we do to help low-income chil-dren. 
I was at Mercy Health Clinic in Cin-
cinnati late last week, and early this week I was at Dayton Children’s Hos-pital, talking to families who have ben-efitted from the Children’s Health In-surance Program. 
In the great majority of cases, the 
parents of these children have full-time jobs—often two jobs. They typically make significantly less than what we would call a living wage. They rarely have any kind of health insurance, al-though now they are entering the ex-changes or perhaps Medicaid—more likely the exchanges—but their chil-dren are not getting health insurance 
except through CHIP. It has been around for 20 years, and there are about 10 million children in the United States who benefit from the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
The Children’s Health Insurance Pro-
gram is law. It has been reauthorized up through 2019, but the funding for it expires this September. I have spoken with members of the Senate Finance Committee, including my colleague here, Senator N
ELSON from Florida, 
who has been a big supporter of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Senators C
ASEY and S TABENOW have 
been very involved, Senator G ILLI-
BRAND , and as I said, Senator H ATCH  
was one of the founders of this pro-gram, along with Senator Kennedy. 
It is so important that we move as 
quickly as possible, in part because the States need to budget these dollars— 
this Federal passthrough—so that it di-rectly goes to the Children’s Health In-surance Program. There are a few things we can do that are even more important than that. 
In closing, I will add that it is not 
just the right thing to do, to fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program, it is also a smart thing to do because it means that parents will take their child who has an earache to the family doctor because they have insurance, in-stead of waiting a week, when the pain is unbearable, and taking that child to the emergency room and costing all of 
us more as taxpayers and perhaps caus-ing that child some hearing loss. 
In addition to helping these families 
with health insurance and saving money, it also makes a big difference in schools. The children are less likely to miss school and children will be bet-ter able to learn if, in fact, they have better health insurance. 
We know that is the case for our own 
children. All of us here have govern-ment health insurance, if you will, as Members of the Senate, and it is impor-tant that we do what we ought to do for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. It matters for so many fami-lies in North Dakota, the Presiding Of-ficer’s State, and my State of Ohio. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
(The remarks of Mr. T
HUNE and Mr. 
NELSON pertaining to the introduction 
of S. 304 are printed in today’s R ECORD  
under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that there be 2 minutes equally divided after each vote and that all after the first vote in the series be 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 155 
The question occurs on the Booker 
amendment No. 155. 
Who yields time? The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, my 
amendment No. 155 ensures that Fed-eral agencies disclose to the public, landowners, and communities any sig-nificant new circumstances learned about the impact of the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The National Environmental Policy 
Act—NEPA—is one of the most emu-lated statutes in the world. It is used as a model around the world. NEPA in fact is often referred to as the modern- day ‘‘environmental Magna Carta.’’ 
These are very commonsense ideas. 
NEPA regulations really do require agencies to actually supplement al-ready issued environmental impact statements when significant new cir-cumstances or information is found to exist relating to the environmental im-pacts of a project. 
The pending Keystone bill, however, 
would deem the final environmental impact statement issued last January 
to fully satisfy NEPA. In other words, if new circumstances come up that are germane and important, they do not get a chance to alter that statement. My amendment would change that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mr. BOOKER. I respectfully request 
25 more seconds to conclude my com-ments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BOOKER. My amendment would 
change that and would preserve the ap-plications of agencies to supplement the EIS. For example, if the proposed route of the pipeline was to change, it could mean drinking water supplies and other critical resources would have a higher risk of contamination from a spill. People should know that. 
When American companies are build-
ing projects, they comply with this im-portant NEPA safeguard. Foreign com-panies should not be given a shortcut. If American companies do it, foreign companies should do the same. 
This amendment is supported by the 
Natural Resources Defense Fund, the Sierra Club, and a number of other or-ganizations. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield the floor. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we 
are here today because the Keystone Pipeline border crossing permit has been pending for years. There are no shortcuts at play. 
The Booker amendment, drafted as a 
savings clause, would withhold the ap-proval the bill seeks to confer if there are any new circumstances, new infor-mation relevant to environmental con-cerns. That is the whole point here. 
The Keystone administrative record 
is already thousands of pages long. We have had 6 years of dos and redos. If this amendment is adopted, it begs the question as to whether there will ever be a decision. 
I think the obvious strategy of pipe-
line opponents is to drag out the ap-proval process until everybody gives up on it; everyone walks away. That is certainly not the intent of those of us who support this bipartisan bill. We don’t want to see an endless round of further considerations. I think the ma-jority here in the Senate believes it is time to move forward. Let’s not have continued delays. 
I urge a rejection of this amendment. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the 
Booker amendment No. 155 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.034 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S636 January 29, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 41, 
nays 56, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 46 Leg.] 
YEAS—41 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—56 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski 
Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Lee Reid Rubio 
The amendment (No. 155) was re-
jected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. COATS. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 130 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
call for the regular order with respect to the Boxer amendment No. 130. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. It is my under-
standing that Senator B
OXER is willing 
to forgo a rollcall vote, but she would like to speak to her amendment. 
I turn to Senator B
OXER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. If I could ask for the 
attention of my friends. 
The reason I so wanted have this 1 
minute even though I am not asking for a rollcall vote is because I want to make clear what we are doing in this underlying bill. 
This is the only time in the history 
of the Senate that we have given such a big hug and kiss to a private com-pany—any private company, American or foreign. 
My amendment simply says that if 
TransCanada breaks the rules related to any permit they have—for example, there is an oilspill and they don’t fol-low the oilspill plan or they don’t han-dle hazardous waste in the right way— a whole list: They use the wrong steel. It is dangerous. They are dangerous to 
their workers. It doesn’t matter what they do, under the underlying bill, S. 1, they can never lose their permit. We don’t do that for any other company, let alone a foreign special interest company that is going to take this oil and siphon it right out of America. There are 35 permanent jobs. A trail of misery follows the tar sands. 
I am not going to ask for a rollcall 
vote because I get the writing on the wall. I would hope we would have a voice vote, and I would urge my folks to yell a ‘‘yes’’ if they can. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
think it is clear that the good Senator from California and I disagree on whether the Keystone XL Pipeline should proceed. It is apparent that we disagree on the reach of the section on permits as currently in the bill and also, more specifically, the substitute amendment we are discussing. 
I am willing to agree that the per-
mits which have already been issued should not be affected. That was the in-tent of the provision within the sub-stitute. I am going to be voicing my opposition through a loud ‘‘nay’’ and would encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
With that, I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
I withdraw my request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
The amendment (No. 130) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 141 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided before a vote on the Markey amendment No. 141. 
The Senator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, my 
amendment is very simple. It would re-quire that before the Keystone XL Pipeline is deemed approved, we should determine whether carbon pollution, including the carbon pollution from tar sands oil production, will contribute to an increase in more extreme weather events. We should know if carbon pol-lution is going to put another climate change card in a deck that is already stacked for more extreme rainfall and snowfall and for more dangerously hot summer days. 
Since 2010 there have been 49 weather 
and climate disasters in our country that caused at least $1 billion in dam-ages across the United States. We should not be making energy policy de-cisions that increase the risk of costly, extreme weather events. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I would suggest 
that this amendment is designed to further delay this pipeline. It requires that a study be done by all Federal agencies with even a smidgen of review authority to determine whether in-creased greenhouse gas emissions are 
likely to contribute to an increase in more extreme weather events. It doesn’t specify that the increased greenhouse gases that are under study are only related to the pipeline project. So, for instance, the President’s deal to allow an increase in greenhouse gas emissions until 2030—if it caused the impacts listed in this amendment, it would stop the pipeline. That is not what we want to do. 
I am going to be urging my col-
leagues to vote no. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 36, 
nays 62, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 47 Leg.] 
YEAS—36 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Heinrich Hirono King Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—62 
Alexander Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer 
Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The amendment (No. 141) was re-
jected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. WICKER. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.014 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S637 January 29, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 178 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
are now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote in relation to the 
Markey amendment No. 178. 
The Senator from Massachusetts Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, right 
now the Canadian pipeline company is receiving a ‘‘get out of Canada free’’ slip. They do not have to pay taxes into the oilspill liability fund. 
My colleagues may remember that 
last week the Republicans objected be-cause they said the amendment of Sen-ator W
YDEN had a blue slip problem 
from the House because the tax has to originate in the House. You might re-member that last Thursday night Sen-ators on the Republican side objected to my amendments—late at night and, again, on procedural grounds. Well, the good news is we have been able to find a way to have a straight up-or-down vote on the substance of whether the Canadians have to pay into the oilspill liability fund. So this is going to be the vote that determines whether they are going to be able to build a pipeline right through our country—where we are running all the environmental risk—and if a spill occurs, they have not contributed to the oilspill liability fund. 
This is a pure vote. It is not proce-
dural. It is yes or no—do they con-tribute or not to that fund. I urge an aye vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
will be opposing this amendment. I be-lieve it is unnecessary. We already de-bated and dispensed with this just last week. We voted for the sense of the Senate amendment which called for a loophole within the oilspill liability trust fund to be closed. We set us on a path to work with the House on that. That amendment is now part of this bill. 
I thank the Senator from Massachu-
setts for his support in making sure we did adopt that. I think most of us be-lieve this loophole should be closed, and I am confident that we will close it well before the Keystone XL Pipeline goes into operation. 
We have to remember, my friends, 
that before any oil flows through this pipeline which can be put into the oil-spill liability trust fund, it has to be built. That is what this bill before us does. I want to make sure that we ad-dress this with the House. We will do so. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-
ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The result was announced—yeas 44, 
nays 54, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 48 Leg.] 
YEAS—44 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The amendment was rejected. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the vote. 
Mr. ROUNDS. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 131 WITHDRAWN  
Ms. CANTWELL. Given the results 
on other votes—given the vote on the Boxer and Booker amendments, and given everybody here, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the Cantwell amendment No. 131. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is withdrawn. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Thank you, Mr. 
President. I would like to announce that this is the last vote of the week. The final vote on the Keystone Pipe-line is the last vote of the week. The next vote will be at 5:30 p.m. on Mon-day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate prior to the vote on passage of S. 1, as amended. 
Mr. CORKER. I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, all time is yielded 
back. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the 
third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, shall it pass? 
Mr. CORKER. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk called 
the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Nevada (Mr. R EID) is nec-
essarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 62, 
nays 36, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 49 Leg.] 
YEAS—62 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran 
Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester 
Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Warner Wicker 
NAYS—36 
Baldwin 
Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Udall Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Reid Rubio 
The bill (S. 1), as amended, was 
passed, as follows: 
S. 1 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keystone XL 
Pipeline Approval Act’’. 
SEC. 2. KEYSTONE XL APPROVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—TransCanada Keystone 
Pipeline, L.P. may construct, connect, oper-ate, and maintain the pipeline and cross-bor-der facilities described in the application filed on May 4, 2012, by TransCanada Cor-poration to the Department of State (includ-ing any subsequent revision to the pipeline route within the State of Nebraska required or authorized by the State of Nebraska). 
(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The Final Supplemental Environmental Im-pact Statement issued by the Secretary of State in January 2014, regarding the pipeline referred to in subsection (a), and the envi-ronmental analysis, consultation, and review 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.046 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S638 January 29, 2015 
described in that document (including appen-
dices) shall be considered to fully satisfy— 
(1) all requirements of the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
(2) any other provision of law that requires 
Federal agency consultation or review (in-cluding the consultation or review required under section 7(a) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a))) with respect to the pipeline and facilities referred to in sub-section (a). 
(c) P
ERMITS .—Any Federal permit or au-
thorization issued before the date of enact-ment of this Act for the pipeline and cross- border facilities referred to in subsection (a) shall remain in effect. 
(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except for review in 
the Supreme Court of the United States, the 
United States Court of Appeals for the Dis-trict of Columbia Circuit shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction over any civil ac-tion for the review of an order or action of a Federal agency regarding the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a), and the related facilities in the United States, that are approved by this Act (including any order granting a permit or right-of-way, or any other agency action taken to construct or complete the project pursuant to Federal law). 
(e) P
RIVATE PROPERTY SAVINGS CLAUSE .— 
Nothing in this Act alters any Federal, State, or local process or condition in effect on the date of enactment of this Act that is necessary to secure access from an owner of private property to construct the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a). 
(f) P
RIVATE PROPERTY PROTECTION .—Land 
or an interest in land for the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in sub-section (a) may only be acquired consist-ently with the Constitution. 
SEC. 3. COORDINATION OF ENERGY RETRO-
FITTING ASSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) S CHOOL .—The term ‘‘school’’ means— 
(A) an elementary school or secondary 
school (as defined in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); 
(B) an institution of higher education (as 
defined in section 102(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a)); 
(C) a school of the defense dependents’ edu-
cation system under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.) or established under section 2164 of title 10, United States Code; 
(D) a school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Affairs; 
(E) a tribally controlled school (as defined 
in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511)); and 
(F) a Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))). 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(b) D ESIGNATION OF LEAD AGENCY .—The 
Secretary, acting through the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall act as the lead Federal agency for coordi-nating and disseminating information on ex-isting Federal programs and assistance that may be used to help initiate, develop, and fi-nance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out coordi-
nation and outreach under subsection (b), the Secretary shall— 
(1) in consultation and coordination with 
the appropriate Federal agencies, carry out a review of existing programs and financing mechanisms (including revolving loan funds and loan guarantees) available in or from the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Energy, the Department of Education, the 
Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, and other appropriate Federal agencies with jurisdiction over energy fi-nancing and facilitation that are currently used or may be used to help initiate, develop, and finance energy efficiency, renewable en-ergy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools; 
(2) establish a Federal cross-departmental 
collaborative coordination, education, and outreach effort to streamline communica-tion and promote available Federal opportu-nities and assistance described in paragraph (1) for energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects that enables States, local educational agencies, and schools— 
(A) to use existing Federal opportunities 
more effectively; and 
(B) to form partnerships with Governors, 
State energy programs, local educational, fi-nancial, and energy officials, State and local government officials, nonprofit organiza-tions, and other appropriate entities to sup-port the initiation of the projects; 
(3) provide technical assistance for States, 
local educational agencies, and schools to 
help develop and finance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects— 
(A) to increase the energy efficiency of 
buildings or facilities; 
(B) to install systems that individually 
generate energy from renewable energy re-sources; 
(C) to establish partnerships to leverage 
economies of scale and additional financing mechanisms available to larger clean energy initiatives; or 
(D) to promote— (i) the maintenance of health, environ-
mental quality, and safety in schools, includ-ing the ambient air quality, through energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofit projects; and 
(ii) the achievement of expected energy 
savings and renewable energy production through proper operations and maintenance practices; 
(4) develop and maintain a single online re-
source website with contact information for relevant technical assistance and support staff in the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for States, local edu-cational agencies, and schools to effectively access and use Federal opportunities and as-sistance described in paragraph (1) to de-velop energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects; and 
(5) establish a process for recognition of 
schools that— 
(A) have successfully implemented energy 
efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofitting projects; and 
(B) are willing to serve as resources for 
other local educational agencies and schools to assist initiation of similar efforts. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the implementation of this section. 
SEC. 4. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act relieves the United 
States of its responsibility to consult with Indian nations as required under executive order 13175 (67 Fed. Reg. 67249) (November 6, 2000). 
SEC. 5. SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING CLI-
MATE CHANGE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that climate 
change is real and not a hoax. 
SEC. 6. SENSE OF SENATE REGARDING THE OIL 
SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) Congress should approve a bill to ensure 
that all forms of bitumen or synthetic crude oil derived from bitumen are subject to the 
per-barrel excise tax associated with the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund established by section 9509 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(2) it is necessary for Congress to approve 
a bill described in paragraph (1) because the Internal Revenue Service determined in 2011 that certain forms of petroleum are not sub-ject to the per-barrel excise tax; 
(3) under article I, section 7, clause 1 of the 
Constitution, the Senate may not originate a bill to raise new revenue, and thus may not originate a bill to close the legitimate and unintended loophole described in paragraph (2); 
(4) if the Senate attempts to originate a 
bill described in paragraph (1), it would pro-vide a substantive basis for a ‘‘blue slip’’ from the House of Representatives, which would prevent advancement of the bill; and 
(5) the House of Representatives, con-
sistent with article I, section 7, clause 1 of the Constitution, should consider and refer to the Senate a bill to ensure that all forms of bitumen or synthetic crude oil derived from bitumen are subject to the per-barrel excise tax associated with the Oil Spill Li-ability Trust Fund established by section 9509 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
DIVISION B—ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
IMPROVEMENT 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy 
Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE I—BETTER BUILDINGS 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Better 
Buildings Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN FEDERAL AND 
OTHER BUILDINGS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. 
(2) C
OST-EFFECTIVE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective energy 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides energy savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(3) C
OST-EFFECTIVE WATER EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘‘cost-effective water 
efficiency measure’’ means any building product, material, equipment, or service, and the installing, implementing, or operating thereof, that provides water savings in an amount that is not less than the cost of such installing, implementing, or operating. 
(b) M
ODEL PROVISIONS , POLICIES , ANDBEST 
PRACTICES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy and after providing the pub-lic with an opportunity for notice and com-ment, shall develop model commercial leas-ing provisions and best practices in accord-ance with this subsection. 
(2) C
OMMERCIAL LEASING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The model commercial 
leasing provisions developed under this sub-section shall, at a minimum, align the inter-ests of building owners and tenants with re-gard to investments in cost-effective energy efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures to encourage building owners and tenants to collaborate to invest in such measures. 
(B) U
SE OF MODEL PROVISIONS .—The Admin-
istrator may use the model commercial leas-ing provisions developed under this sub-section in any standard leasing document that designates a Federal agency (or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.019 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S639 January 29, 2015 
client of the Administrator) as a landlord or 
tenant. 
(C) P UBLICATION .—The Administrator shall 
periodically publish the model commercial leasing provisions developed under this sub-section, along with explanatory materials, to encourage building owners and tenants in the private sector to use such provisions and materials. 
(3) R
EALTY SERVICES .—The Administrator 
shall develop policies and practices to imple-ment cost-effective energy efficiency meas-ures and cost-effective water efficiency measures for the realty services provided by the Administrator to Federal agencies (or 
other clients of the Administrator), includ-ing periodic training of appropriate Federal employees and contractors on how to iden-tify and evaluate those measures. 
(4) S
TATE AND LOCAL ASSISTANCE .—The Ad-
ministrator, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Energy, shall make available model commercial leasing provisions and best prac-tices developed under this subsection to State, county, and municipal governments for use in managing owned and leased build-ing space in accordance with the goal of en-couraging investment in all cost-effective energy efficiency measures and cost-effective water efficiency measures. 
SEC. 103. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 424. SEPARATE SPACES WITH HIGH-PER-
FORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY MEASURES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ means a tech-nology, product, or practice that will result in substantial operational cost savings by re-ducing energy consumption and utility costs. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ means areas within a commercial building that are leased or otherwise occu-pied by a tenant or other occupant for a pe-riod of time pursuant to the terms of a writ-ten agreement. 
‘‘(b) S
TUDY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, shall complete a study on the feasibility of— 
‘‘(A) significantly improving energy effi-
ciency in commercial buildings through the design and construction, by owners and ten-ants, of separate spaces with high-perform-ance energy efficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) encouraging owners and tenants to 
implement high-performance energy effi-ciency measures in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) S
COPE.—The study shall, at a min-
imum, include— 
‘‘(A) descriptions of— ‘‘(i) high-performance energy efficiency 
measures that should be considered as part of the initial design and construction of sep-arate spaces; 
‘‘(ii) processes that owners, tenants, archi-
tects, and engineers may replicate when de-signing and constructing separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency measures; 
‘‘(iii) policies and best practices to achieve 
reductions in energy intensities for lighting, plug loads, heating, cooling, cooking, laun-dry, and other systems to satisfy the needs of the commercial building tenant; 
‘‘(iv) return on investment and payback 
analyses of the incremental cost and pro-jected energy savings of the proposed set of high-performance energy efficiency meas-
ures, including consideration of available in-centives; 
‘‘(v) models and simulation methods that 
predict the quantity of energy used by sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures and that compare that predicted quantity to the quantity of energy used by separate spaces without high-per-formance energy efficiency measures but that otherwise comply with applicable build-ing code requirements; 
‘‘(vi) measurement and verification plat-
forms demonstrating actual energy use of high-performance energy efficiency measures 
installed in separate spaces, and whether such measures generate the savings intended in the initial design and construction of the separate spaces; 
‘‘(vii) best practices that encourage an in-
tegrated approach to designing and con-structing separate spaces to perform at opti-mum energy efficiency in conjunction with the central systems of a commercial build-ing; and 
‘‘(viii) any impact on employment result-
ing from the design and construction of sepa-rate spaces with high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures; and 
‘‘(B) case studies reporting economic and 
energy savings returns in the design and con-struction of separate spaces with high-per-formance energy efficiency measures. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—Not later than 
90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register requesting public comments regarding effective meth-ods, measures, and practices for the design and construction of separate spaces with high-performance energy efficiency meas-ures. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
publish the study on the website of the De-partment of Energy.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 423 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 424. Separate spaces with high-per-
formance energy efficiency measures.’’. 
SEC. 104. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17081 et seq.) (as amended by section 103) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 425. TENANT STAR PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH-PERFORMANCE ENERGY EFFICIENCY  
MEASURE .—The term ‘high-performance en-
ergy efficiency measure’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE SPACES .—The term ‘separate 
spaces’ has the meaning given the term in section 424. 
‘‘(b) T
ENANT STAR.—The Administrator of 
the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall develop a voluntary program within the Energy Star program established by sec-tion 324A of the Energy Policy and Conserva-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a), which may be known as ‘Tenant Star’, to promote energy efficiency in separate spaces leased by ten-ants or otherwise occupied within commer-cial buildings. 
‘‘(c) E
XPANDING SURVEY DATA.—The Sec-
retary of Energy, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Energy Information Adminis-tration, shall— 
‘‘(1) collect, through each Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey of the Energy Information Administration that is conducted after the date of enactment of this section, data on— ‘‘(A) categories of building occupancy that 
are known to consume significant quantities of energy, such as occupancy by data cen-ters, trading floors, and restaurants; and 
‘‘(B) other aspects of the property, building 
operation, or building occupancy determined by the Administrator of the Energy Informa-tion Administration, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to be relevant in low-ering energy consumption; 
‘‘(2) with respect to the first Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey con-ducted after the date of enactment of this section, to the extent full compliance with the requirements of paragraph (1) is not fea-sible, conduct activities to develop the capa-bility to collect such data and begin to col-lect such data; and 
‘‘(3) make data collected under paragraphs 
(1) and (2) available to the public in aggre-gated form and provide such data, and any associated results, to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency for use in accordance with subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) R
ECOGNITION OF OWNERS AND TEN-
ANTS .— 
‘‘(1) O CCUPANCY -BASED RECOGNITION .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date on which suf-ficient data is received pursuant to sub-section (c), the Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency shall, fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment— 
‘‘(A) in a manner similar to the Energy 
Star rating system for commercial buildings, develop policies and procedures to recognize tenants in commercial buildings that volun-tarily achieve high levels of energy effi-ciency in separate spaces; 
‘‘(B) establish building occupancy cat-
egories eligible for Tenant Star recognition based on the data collected under subsection (c) and any other appropriate data sources; and 
‘‘(C) consider other forms of recognition 
for commercial building tenants or other oc-cupants that lower energy consumption in separate spaces. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGN - AND CONSTRUCTION -BASED REC -
OGNITION .—After the study required by sec-
tion 424(b) is completed, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary and fol-lowing an opportunity for public notice and comment, may develop a voluntary program to recognize commercial building owners and tenants that use high-performance energy ef-ficiency measures in the design and con-struction of separate spaces.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 424 (as added by section 103(b)) the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 425. Tenant Star program.’’. 
TITLE II—GRID-ENABLED WATER 
HEATERS 
SEC. 201. GRID-ENABLED WATER HEATERS. 
Part B of title III of the Energy Policy and 
Conservation Act is amended— 
(1) in section 325(e) (42 U.S.C. 6295(e)), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) A DDITIONAL STANDARDS FOR GRID -EN-
ABLED WATER HEATERS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) A CTIVATION LOCK .—The term ‘activa-
tion lock’ means a control mechanism (ei-ther a physical device directly on the water heater or a control system integrated into the water heater) that is locked by default and contains a physical, software, or digital communication that must be activated with an activation key to enable the product to operate at its designed specifications and ca-pabilities and without which activation the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.019 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S640 January 29, 2015 
product will provide not greater than 50 per-
cent of the rated first hour delivery of hot water certified by the manufacturer. 
‘‘(ii) G
RID-ENABLED WATER HEATER .—The 
term ‘grid-enabled water heater’ means an electric resistance water heater that— 
‘‘(I) has a rated storage tank volume of 
more than 75 gallons; 
‘‘(II) is manufactured on or after April 16, 
2015; 
‘‘(III) has— ‘‘(aa) an energy factor of not less than 1.061 
minus the product obtained by multiplying— 
‘‘(AA) the rated storage volume of the 
tank, expressed in gallons; and 
‘‘(BB) 0.00168; or ‘‘(bb) an equivalent alternative standard 
prescribed by the Secretary and developed pursuant to paragraph (5)(E); 
‘‘(IV) is equipped at the point of manufac-
ture with an activation lock; and 
‘‘(V) bears a permanent label applied by 
the manufacturer that— 
‘‘(aa) is made of material not adversely af-
fected by water; 
‘‘(bb) is attached by means of non-water- 
soluble adhesive; and 
‘‘(cc) advises purchasers and end-users of 
the intended and appropriate use of the prod-uct with the following notice printed in 16.5 point Arial Narrow Bold font: 
‘‘‘IMPORTANT INFORMATION: This water 
heater is intended only for use as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program. It will not provide adequate hot water unless enrolled in such a program and activated by your utility company or an-other program operator. Confirm the avail-ability of a program in your local area before purchasing or installing this product.’. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The manufacturer or 
private labeler shall provide the activation key for a grid-enabled water heater only to a utility or other company that operates an electric thermal storage or demand response program that uses such a grid-enabled water heater. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(i) M ANUFACTURERS .—The Secretary shall 
require each manufacturer of grid-enabled water heaters to report to the Secretary an-nually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters that the manufacturer ships each year. 
‘‘(ii) O
PERATORS .—The Secretary shall re-
quire utilities and other demand response and thermal storage program operators to report annually the quantity of grid-enabled water heaters activated for their programs using forms of the Energy Information Agen-cy or using such other mechanism that the Secretary determines appropriate after an opportunity for notice and comment. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONFIDENTIALITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
The Secretary shall treat shipment data re-ported by manufacturers as confidential 
business information. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In 2017 and 2019, the Sec-
retary shall publish an analysis of the data collected under subparagraph (C) to assess the extent to which shipped products are put into use in demand response and thermal storage programs. 
‘‘(ii) P
REVENTION OF PRODUCT DIVERSION .—If 
the Secretary determines that sales of grid- enabled water heaters exceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products ac-tivated for use in demand response and ther-mal storage programs annually, the Sec-retary shall, after opportunity for notice and comment, establish procedures to prevent product diversion for non-program purposes. 
‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) shall remain in effect until the Secretary determines under this section that— ‘‘(I) grid-enabled water heaters do not re-
quire a separate efficiency requirement; or 
‘‘(II) sales of grid-enabled water heaters ex-
ceed by 15 percent or greater the quantity of such products activated for use in demand response and thermal storage programs an-nually and procedures to prevent product di-version for non-program purposes would not be adequate to prevent such product diver-sion. 
‘‘(ii) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—If the Secretary ex-
ercises the authority described in clause (i) or amends the efficiency requirement for grid-enabled water heaters, that action will take effect on the date described in sub-section (m)(4)(A)(ii). 
‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION .—In carrying out this 
section with respect to electric water heat-ers, the Secretary shall consider the impact on thermal storage and demand response programs, including any impact on energy savings, electric bills, peak load reduction, electric reliability, integration of renewable resources, and the environment. 
‘‘(iv) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out this 
paragraph, the Secretary shall require that grid-enabled water heaters be equipped with communication capability to enable the grid-enabled water heaters to participate in ancillary services programs if the Secretary determines that the technology is available, practical, and cost-effective.’’; 
(2) in section 332(a) (42 U.S.C. 6302(a))— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in the first paragraph (6), by striking 
the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; 
(C) by redesignating the second paragraph 
(6) as paragraph (7); 
(D) in subparagraph (B) of paragraph (7) (as 
so redesignated), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) for any person— ‘‘(A) to activate an activation lock for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; 
‘‘(B) to distribute an activation key for a 
grid-enabled water heater with knowledge that such activation key will be used to acti-vate a grid-enabled water heater that is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand response program; 
‘‘(C) to otherwise enable a grid-enabled 
water heater to operate at its designed speci-fication and capabilities with knowledge that such water heater is not used as part of an electric thermal storage or demand re-sponse program; or 
‘‘(D) to knowingly remove or render illegi-
ble the label of a grid-enabled water heater described in section 325(e)(6)(A)(ii)(V).’’; 
(3) in section 333(a) (42 U.S.C. 6303(a))— (A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (5) of 
section 332(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), (5), (6), (7), or (8) of section 332(a)’’; and 
(4) in section 334 (42 U.S.C. 6304)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(5)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (5), (6), (7), or (8) of sec-tion 332(a)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 332(a)(6)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 332(a)(7)’’. 
TITLE III—ENERGY INFORMATION FOR 
COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS 
SEC. 301. ENERGY INFORMATION FOR COMMER-
CIAL BUILDINGS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT OF BENCHMARKING AND  
DISCLOSURE FOR LEASING BUILDINGS WITHOUT  
ENERGY STAR LABELS .—Section 435(b)(2) of 
the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17091(b)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘signing the contract,’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: 
‘‘signing the contract, the following require-
ments are met: 
‘‘(A) The space is renovated for all energy 
efficiency and conservation improvements that would be cost effective over the life of the lease, including improvements in light-ing, windows, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems. 
‘‘(B)(i) Subject to clause (ii), the space is 
benchmarked under a nationally recognized, online, free benchmarking program, with public disclosure, unless the space is a space for which owners cannot access whole build-ing utility consumption data, including spaces— 
‘‘(I) that are located in States with privacy 
laws that provide that utilities shall not pro-vide such aggregated information to multi-tenant building owners; and 
‘‘(II) for which tenants do not provide en-
ergy consumption information to the com-mercial building owner in response to a re-quest from the building owner. 
‘‘(ii) A Federal agency that is a tenant of 
the space shall provide to the building owner, or authorize the owner to obtain from the utility, the energy consumption informa-tion of the space for the benchmarking and disclosure required by this subparagraph.’’. 
(b) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall complete a study— 
(A) on the impact of— (i) State and local performance 
benchmarking and disclosure policies, and any associated building efficiency policies, for commercial and multifamily buildings; and 
(ii) programs and systems in which utili-
ties provide aggregated information regard-ing whole building energy consumption and usage information to owners of multitenant commercial, residential, and mixed-use buildings; 
(B) that identifies best practice policy ap-
proaches studied under subparagraph (A) that have resulted in the greatest improve-ments in building energy efficiency; and 
(C) that considers— (i) compliance rates and the benefits and 
costs of the policies and programs on build-ing owners, utilities, tenants, and other par-ties; 
(ii) utility practices, programs, and sys-
tems that provide aggregated energy con-sumption information to multitenant build-ing owners, and the impact of public utility commissions and State privacy laws on those practices, programs, and systems; 
(iii) exceptions to compliance in existing 
laws where building owners are not able to gather or access whole building energy infor-mation from tenants or utilities; 
(iv) the treatment of buildings with— (I) multiple uses; (II) uses for which baseline information is 
not available; and 
(III) uses that require high levels of energy 
intensities, such as data centers, trading floors, and televisions studios; 
(v) implementation practices, including 
disclosure methods and phase-in of compli-ance; 
(vi) the safety and security of 
benchmarking tools offered by government agencies, and the resiliency of those tools against cyber attacks; and 
(vii) international experiences with regard 
to building benchmarking and disclosure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.019 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S641 January 29, 2015 
laws and data aggregation for multitenant 
buildings. 
(2) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—At the con-
clusion of the study, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
(c) C
REATION AND MAINTENANCE OF DATA-
BASE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act and following opportunity for public notice and comment, the Secretary of Energy, in co-ordination with other relevant agencies, shall maintain, and if necessary create, a database for the purpose of storing and mak-ing available public energy-related informa-tion on commercial and multifamily build-ings, including— 
(A) data provided under Federal, State, 
local, and other laws or programs regarding building benchmarking and energy informa-tion disclosure; 
(B) information on buildings that have dis-
closed energy ratings and certifications; and 
(C) energy-related information on build-
ings provided voluntarily by the owners of the buildings, only in an anonymous form unless the owner provides otherwise. 
(2) C
OMPLEMENTARY PROGRAMS .—The data-
base maintained pursuant to paragraph (1) shall complement and not duplicate the functions of the Environmental Protection Agency’s Energy Star Portfolio Manager tool. 
(d) I
NPUT FROM STAKEHOLDERS .—The Sec-
retary of Energy shall seek input from stakeholders to maximize the effectiveness of the actions taken under this section. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives and Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the progress made in complying with this sec-tion. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I move to recon-
sider the vote. 
Mr. CORNYN. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table. 
The motion to lay on the table was 
agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
am very pleased that we are at this point after three solid weeks of debate. The Presiding Officer introduced this bill on January 8, 2015, and it is now January 29. After weeks of good, solid debate, we have officially passed our bipartisan bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
This legislation was not only impor-
tant to pass so we could add more jobs, have energy security, and good trade relationships with our neighbor in Can-ada, but also we were able to return to what we call regular order in the Chamber. The Senate has been given the title of the world’s most delibera-tive body. I think it is fair to say that in recent years we have not really worn that title very well. We have not been able to engage in the deliberation and debate that I think Members of the Senate and the public at large expect. 
What we have seen over these past 
few weeks was a return to regular order where a Member is free to call up an amendment, have it debated, and have it fall or succeed based on a proc-ess that has been long established in 
this Chamber. That is a good thing to see. 
Boy, did we have our share of ideas. 
By last count, I believe there were close to 250 amendments that Members had offered from both sides of the aisle. That is a lot of ideas. There was a lot of pent-up demand, if you will, on en-ergy-related legislation. 
All in all, we voted on just over 40 
amendments. I believe the final count was 41 amendments. We made a lot out of the statement that we have sur-passed—with just this one bill in 1 month—all of the recorded votes that we had throughout 2014. In fact, we sur-passed it with nearly three times more votes than we had in all of 2014. 
Senator C
ANTWELL and I have been 
here in the well during this last vote, and we have received thanks from Members who said: Thank you for get-ting us to this point. We appreciate that. Good job. 
But I think we all recognize there 
were some points of very clear tension around here, and that is just part of the process. Fortunately, cooler heads prevailed, and we were able to come back together. We were able to get the process moving forward and keep this bipartisan coalition in tact. 
I will just point out to the Members 
that with the help of the ranking mem-ber on the energy committee—with the exception of one night—we did it all during daylight hours. Not to get real personal around here, but we have got-ten into a habit in recent years of not taking up votes until just about the dinnertime hour. I don’t know about the rest of you, but when I call the family in for dinner, we kind of expect it is dinnertime. 
I am pleased that we were able to 
work with everyone’s schedule and move through amendments in a fashion that was reasonable and structured. Yesterday was not exactly convenient with the numbers that we processed, but we did it. So I appreciate the great level of cooperation we have had. It is not easy to start out a new Congress in a new majority as the manager of the first bill brought to the floor, but I had a lot of phenomenal help. 
I wish to take a brief moment to 
thank those who have provided counsel and assistance to us. This is kind of like the Academy Awards for the first bill coming through the Senate. 
I would like to recognize my staff on 
the Energy and Natural Resources Committee who have done a fabulous job with every part of this process: My staff director, Karen Billups, Pat McCormick, Kellie Donnelly, Colin Hayes, Lucy Murfitt, Tristan Abbey, Kate Williams, Robert Dillon, Chelsea Thompson, Chuck Kleeschulte, Cathy Cahill, Chris Kearney, Mike Pawlowski, Chester Carson, Mike Tadeo, Isaac Edwards, Jason Huffnagle, and Brian Hughes, on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee and on my personal staff as well. Our interns on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Samin Peirovi and Will Treadwell, also did a great job assist-ing my staff, including putting to-
gether binders, making sure we had the current amendments and the modifica-tions that were in front of them. So they did a great job as well. 
I also want to thank the members of 
the natural resources team in the Sen-ate Office of the Legislative Counsel. These folks are kind of the unsung he-roes. These are the ones who helped prepare the more than 240 amendments that were offered to this bill. We never see these folks, but they are churning out amendments as quickly as we can move ideas to them. Gary Endicott, Heather Burnham, Christina Jacquet, Michelle Johnson-Weider, Deanna Edwards, and Heather Lowell. 
It is absolutely not possible to do 
what we did in moving this measure through—or any measure—without rec-ognizing the work our floor staff does for us. I wish to thank Laura Dove and the entire cloakroom staff, including Robert Duncan and Chris Tuck. The Parliamentarians and the clerks really worked hard. 
Also I wish to recognize on the 
Democratic side of the aisle Gary and— everybody has just done a phenomenal job and we so appreciate it. 
I truly must say the opportunity to 
start with this first bill and to be working with my ranking member, M
ARIA CANTWELL , on this effort, know-
ing that she was just getting her staff in line as we moved to this bill—the staff director on the ranking side I don’t even think had officially been brought on—and it was full on. They have done extraordinary work, working with us. 
I want to recognize Angela Becker- 
Dippmann and Sam Fowler and all the rest of the team because they were ex-traordinary. 
I also want to recognize B
ARBARA  
BOXER and her staff as well. There was 
so much that needed to be coordinated. 
I thank my ranking member for her 
patience, for her partnership, and for really the very good-faith efforts she has made as we have worked to get this bill to a conclusion, and offer a contin-ued gesture of wanting to work to-gether with her. I want her to know that I will be with her this weekend rooting for the Seahawks at the Super Bowl. So yet one more area of her oper-ation, but a grand thanks to my rank-ing member and my partner on this bill. 
With that, I thank the Chair and I 
yield the floor to Senator C
ANTWELL . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
CAPITO ). The Senator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I 
wish to speak also for a few minutes about what an incredible process this has been. As the Senator from Alaska stated, this was all a very unique expe-rience, coming to a new Congress and being the very first bill up and every-body moving to that discussion. So I thank the Senator from Alaska. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.019 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S642 January 29, 2015 
Let’s just say both sides of the aisle 
tested people on amendments and the amendment process, but I would say it was the trust we could negotiate that got us through a couple of rough spots and the fact that I could count on the Senator from Alaska for negotiating and trusting what she had to say about how we could move forward in getting 
those votes and getting things done. So I thank her for that and I thank her for her leadership. I certainly can’t wait to work with her on broader energy policy legislation, because while I think peo-ple probably still look at us as rep-resenting the States of Washington and Alaska, what people may not realize is how intertwined Alaska’s and Washing-ton’s economies are. So if there is any-body who can find commonality on en-ergy policy, even given the difference of our States and the differences on each side of the aisle, I think the Sen-ator from Alaska and I will have a chance to do that. I think this process we just went through bodes well for us trying to say to both sides of our aisles that there are things we can put on the table and discuss and a process we can go through, and that process can work. So I thank her for that. 
I look forward to the many initia-
tives—in fact, we just had a hearing this morning. I said, with two women heading up this leadership on the En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee and two women staff directors, multi-tasking is front and center in the U.S. Senate. I don’t think a lot of people would see either of us out in the halls making declarations. I think we just hustled our way to the floor to try to get things done. I hope that is what we can do as we move forward through this process. 
I too wish to thank certainly Karen 
Billups on the majority side staff. I hadn’t had a chance to work with her yet in this capacity and I certainly ap-preciated her steady hand on that. I want to thank on our side our staff di-rector, Angela Becker-Dippmann. The very first day—like sometime in mid- January, I think—to come back to the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee and then have the first bill and have it right in front of us and not be totally staffed up, I certainly appre-ciate her leadership and her dedication to energy policy. Also, I thank Sam Fowler and David Brooks and Jared Leopold on my staff for their hard work on this. 
I too have a list of staff that I wish 
to read quickly: Will Dempster, Clay-ton Allen, Renae Black, Elizabeth Wei-ner, Tara Billingsley, David Gillers, Al Stayman, Dan Adamson, Elizabeth Craddock, Nick Sutter, Aisha Johnson, Caroline Bruckner, Bryan Petit, Faye Matthews, and Carl Seip. There are also a couple of other people from my staff, Nicole Teutschel and Travis Lumpkin who also helped. 
I really want to thank the floor staff. 
This is the first time I have managed a bill on the floor, so thanks to Gary Myrick and Tim Mitchell and Tricia Engle; and Reema in Senator D
URBIN ’s 
office, and Emma, thanks so much for helping us through a process that, as my colleague said, for the most part didn’t take us way late into the night and we got a lot of things accomplished when we could during the day. 
Needless to say, I am not as excited 
about the passage of this legislation as my colleague on the other side of the aisle, but we did find out some things during this process. We found out that the majority of the Senate doesn’t think that climate change is a hoax. We couldn’t quite agree on whether it is significantly caused by man, or just caused by man in some areas, but that was a step. We saw huge enthusiasm for energy efficiency. We saw that peo-ple were willing to accept voice votes or receive 95 votes on things that were energy efficiency items, so I think that bodes well for the Senator from Alaska and me thinking about more energy ef-ficiency policy. 
Obviously, I remain concerned about 
the holes in the legislation, everything from the things we didn’t get to pass— the trust fund—and the fact that we still need to figure out oilspill cleanup processes on something like tar sands. 
I appreciate the Senator from Alaska 
mentioning some of these issues as areas for continued work because we will definitely take her up on that process. And, certainly, we want to try to take up some of the issues our col-leagues, such as Senator P
ETERS , 
brought up and work on them moving forward. I hope this process, as it re-lates to this legislation—I hope our colleagues—coming from the State of Washington where we have so many coal trains and oil trains coming through our area, I wish the pipeline would be some remedy for us, but it is not. Even according to railroad statis-tics and other statistics, a pipeline is not going to make one dent in the number of oil trains coming to the Pa-cific Northwest. So the fact that the Commandant of the Coast Guard says we don’t have a solution for cleaning up tar sands is something we want to work on and push forward on. 
I hope we can get our colleagues 
around the fact that the number of crude oil incidents has been growing since 2009. It used to be we were having a decline and now, according to the As-sociated Press, we are seeing an in-crease; at least 73 different accidents in 2014, an 87-percent increase over 2009. 
We are seeing these new sources 
being developed and new ways of trans-porting them, and huge acceleration, and I hope Congress will take a deep breath and get to these issues as it re-lates to safety and security outlined and into law. I hope we will have a chance to do that. 
I still hope the President of the 
United States vetoes this legislation because, frankly, I want him to be able to negotiate. I want him to be able to negotiate with this company the terms and agreements by which this pipeline is going to be built. I want him to pro-tect the American economy, I want 
him to protect the American farmers, and I want him to protect the Amer-ican environment. 
Again, I say to my colleague from 
Alaska that if she and I can get through these few weeks on a bill that a lot of our colleagues were predeter-mined on, but have so many different amendment discussions, then, yes, maybe it bodes well for a bigger bipar-tisan energy bill. I will certainly look 
forward to working with her on that. 
I thank her for her leadership during 
a time period where she had many things on her plate, and this was just one of them. I hope we can get some of the issues we care about on our side of the aisle that I think really do lead to job growth, such as the energy tax credits, a focus on energy efficiency, and a focus of diversification also on the energy agenda. 
With that, I yield the floor. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I wish to thank the Senator from Washington for her comments. I think it is clear that we have a great deal of work in front of us, but I think we also have a better idea of where some of that common ground may be as a re-sult of the discussions this past month. So I am looking forward to advancing an energy initiative through the com-mittee and, hopefully, through the full process, that will speak to the at-tributes of affordability, abundance, a clean energy supply, diverse and se-cure. We have a lot of work to do. 
In the comments I made, I thanked a 
lot of people, but I think it is impor-tant to recognize that the Senator from Washington and I would not have been able to do the job we did—man-aging this bill on the floor, working with other Members, working with staff on the floor and our respective staffs—if there had not been a very clear and a conscious decision that management of what was going to hap-pen on the Senate floor was going to be a little bit different, that there would be an opportunity for debate, and some have described free-wheeling debate. What is free-wheeling debate? I think we have just kind of defined it here with the Keystone XL Pipeline. I don’t know whether that is going to be the course for everything going forward, but this was a pledge that the majority leader Senator M
CCONNELL made when 
he became the majority leader. I think we have seen that play out in a process that has been respectful, where at the end of the discussion we can still agree to disagree on the bill itself, but the process that has gotten us through final passage has been one that, again, was respectful and did allow for full and civil discourse. I think that is what the Senate should be all about and I am proud to have been a part of it. 
With that, I know my good friend 
from North Dakota, the prime sponsor of this bill, is waiting to speak and I congratulate him for a phenomenal job. He and his staff—I should have men-tioned his staff. Ryan and the others 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.051 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S643 January 29, 2015 
who have been working behind the Sen-
ator from North Dakota have been doing a great job. Senator H
OEVEN has 
been articulate, persistent, and really has done a phenomenal job moving this through the process. 
I congratulate the Senator from 
North Dakota, and I yield to him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
wish to thank the Senator from Alaska and the Senator from Washington as the bill managers. I think they have done an exceptional job. I know that is not just my opinion, but it is the opin-ion on both sides of the aisle. It is not just that they were able to do the work on this bill, but actually to facilitate the debate that really enabled us to move through an open amendment process and a return to regular order. It is not easy to do. Because, obviously, we had people who had ideas on a whole variety of issues, and, clearly, we have strong support for legislation, but there are those who oppose legislation as well. So to find a way to keep that amendment process going and with more than 40 amendments and, of course, to get to a final vote and pass the legislation is a real testament to both of the bill managers. 
I thank all of the Members of this 
body who supported the legislation. A bipartisan vote getting more than 60 votes is no small achievement for any piece of legislation. Of course this bill already passed the House. 
We are already conferring now with 
the House on whether we will need to go to conference or hopefully get their concurrence, but obviously our objec-tive is to put it on the President’s desk as soon as possible. This is an impor-tant step in building the kind of energy plan this country needs. We can’t get to energy independence or energy secu-rity without building the infrastruc-ture we need to move that energy from where it is produced to where it is con-sumed. 
We have to remember that, yes, this 
is about working with our closest friend and ally, Canada. Some of the oil in the pipeline will be moved from oil production in Canada, but it is also about moving our domestic oil in this country from States such as mine and from the State of Montana and moving that oil as safely and as efficiently and effectively as possible and moving it in a way that actually produces less emis-sions than if we try to move all that oil on trains, which is what is being done now. 
Moved on trains, we are talking 1,400 
railcars a day instead of moving it through a pipeline. It is not only a safety issue, it is not only a cost issue, it is not only an efficiency issue, it is about producing less emissions and making sure we don’t create conges-tion on our railroads to move all of the other goods we want to move. This is about building the kind of infrastruc-ture plan for energy and other things we want for this country. I hope the President now will join with us. Clear-
ly we are going to move this to his desk, and I hope he will work with us. That is what the American people want. 
If we look at this legislation, if we 
look at this Keystone XL Pipeline project, it is about energy. It is about jobs. It is about helping to grow our economy. It is about working to achieve national security in terms of energy security. It is about building the right kind of energy plan for the future of our country. 
Here is where we are. This process 
was started over 6 years ago. Not only has this Congress, both the House and the Senate, now advanced this bill in a bipartisan way with strong bipartisan majorities in both Chambers, but every State on the route, all six States on the route have approved this project as well. We have the Congress that has ap-proved it on a bipartisan basis. We have all six States that are included on the route. They have approved it through their processes. We have the supreme court in the State of Nebraska which has adjudicated, legislated in that State. That has been resolved. 
Our closest friend and ally, Canada, 
wants us to work with them on energy security for North American energy se-curity, but most important of all the American people want this done. In poll after poll, the American people overwhelmingly support this project. Over the last 3 years, the support has ranged from 65 percent to 75 percent. Even in the most recent poll that came out this month, 3 to 1, 65 percent to 22 percent, the people want the President to sign this bill. Again, I hope the President will join with us and work with us and support this legislation as we work with our leader on the energy committee and with our ranking mem-ber. 
We don’t agree on everything, obvi-
ously, but there are things we can work on together. We are working to build the right kind of energy plan for this country to get energy security. There will be more work to do, but I hope the President will join us in a bipartisan way and sign this legislation. 
Again, my thanks to the bill man-
agers, to the Members of this body who supported the legislation. I appreciate it very much. 
I know the good Senator from Texas 
has a few words, but I will first yield the floor back to the Senator from Alaska. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, let 
me say to the Senator from Alaska and the Senator from North Dakota, con-gratulations, and tell them how much I admire and appreciate their tenacity. The 114th Congress had a lot to prove. Mainly what we had to prove is we weren’t like the 113th Congress that was completely dysfunctional, particu-larly the Senate. 
I have to say to our good friend, the 
Presiding Officer, it wasn’t the House. It was the Senate that was dysfunc-
tional. The House passed a lot of legis-lation that came to die in the Senate because the then-majority leader made the decision he wasn’t going to move it. It is a new day in the Senate. While I am sure the bill managers would tell us it wasn’t easy, we actually have an accomplishment thanks to the leader-ship of the Senator from Alaska and the Senator from North Dakota, and thanks to an awful lot of people. That is progress. 
I hope the first efforts we have made 
by being able to pass legislation—hope-fully the House will concur, the Sen-ate, and the President—we will have done our job. What the President de-cides to do is about him doing his job, but we can’t fail to do our jobs just be-cause he refuses to do his job. 
In fact, when he has announced for 
seven different pieces of legislation he is going to veto them, the easiest thing for us to do would be to curl up in a fetal position and say we give up, we are not even going try. We haven’t done that. Again, I think this is a great accomplishment. 
I would say to my friends, the Sen-
ator from Alaska, the Senator from North Dakota, and others who have gotten us here today, well done. 
PRESIDENT OBAMA ’S 2016 BUDGET  
Madam President, I would like to 
turn to another topic. That seems as though it is a metaphor for life in the Senate. We finished one important piece of legislation, and we turn the page to the next topic. I would like to talk about the budget. 
Next Monday the President is ex-
pected to release his 2016 budget. Budg-ets are a time when you talk about and deal with your priorities. This budget will reflect the President’s priorities, I am sure. I hope one of those priorities is to put the country on a more sus-tainable path. But one of the things I am very glad about is that for the first time the President, in a long time, is actually going to propose his budget on time. The President missed so many previous deadlines over the years that people hardly ever notice anymore— but that is good, the President releas-ing his budget on time. 
While I am happy to see he will fi-
nally meet his statutory deadline in submitting his annual budget, what I am interested in seeing is what he has in the budget, to see if he is willing to meet the challenges of our day by drafting a serious budget, including re-alistic priorities. That also means making tough decisions, but that is where budgets are so helpful. 
I am an optimistic person, but if the 
President’s State of the Union rhetoric is any indication as to what we will see next week, I am concerned the budget will be loaded with more taxes, more spending, and more debt. That cer-tainly isn’t a sustainable path forward for the country, but last year the President’s 2015 budget would have raised taxes by more than $1 trillion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.051 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S644 January 29, 2015 
and increased our national debt by tril-
lions more and his budget would have never balanced. 
I can’t think of anything worse dur-
ing a time of slow economic growth than layering on $1 trillion of addi-tional taxes on the people we are de-pending upon to create jobs and make the investment to get the economy growing again and get America back to work. 
Here is another sort of sleight of 
hand the President has been using late-ly. He has been talking a little bit about deficits. Deficits, as we all know, is the difference between the money that comes in and the money that is paid out on an annual basis. The debt is a different topic. That is the long-term debt. Actually, it is the accumulated deficits which represent the biggest challenge. 
The President likes to say that, well, 
the deficit has come down—which is true—but primarily the reason for that is because of a huge tax increase he embraced a couple of years ago along with the sequester or discretionary spending caps that were in the Budget Control Act of 2011. The combination of higher taxes the President sought and got and the spending restraint that es-sentially was championed on this side of the aisle resulted in lower annual deficits. 
But the fact is we are still spending 
money we don’t have. As the distin-guished chairman of the Budget Com-mittee likes to say, we are still over-spending. We are still spending money we don’t have as long as we have any deficit. But deficits will not hold up for long as a reliable red herring. Factors contributing to lower deficits will soon change. Spending on ObamaCare and other broken entitlements will only ramp up from here. On the President’s current trajectory, it is only a matter of time before those annual deficits start building again and adding even more to our national debt. 
What the President is hoping is that 
they will be distracted by his happy talk about lower annual defenses, and we will not pay attention to the loom-ing elephant in the room, which is our national debt which has grown more than $7 trillion in the 6 years he has been in office. More than $1 trillion a year. The national debt is $18 trillion and counting. It is set to explode over the long term. 
I realize most of us can’t possibly 
conceive of what $18 trillion is, but if we consider the fact we have 320 mil-lion people in America and we have an $18.1 trillion national debt, each one of us—from the oldest American, most senior American, to the baby who was just born—owes $56,500 in debt. 
Earlier this week the Congressional 
Budget Office released its annual Budg-et and Economic Outlook which pro-vides an updated economic forecast for the current fiscal year and for 10 subse-quent years. According to the Congres-sional Budget Office, under current law the national debt is expected to grow more than $9 trillion in the next 10 
years. The President added $7 trillion during the 6 years he has been in office. If we don’t do something quickly, we are on a trajectory to add $9 trillion more over the next 10 years. 
The Congressional Budget Office’s re-
port also shows that in 5 years the Fed-eral Government will spend more than $500 billion in interest on the debt alone and $827 billion in 10 years. 
Here is the ticking timebomb if you 
think about it. Because of slow eco-nomic growth globally, a lot of the Federal Reserve Banks essentially for the United States and other countries have done the best they can to keep in-terest rates low. In America they are next to zero. All we need to do is look at the return on our savings accounts to see what a meager interest rate is being offered by the bank or credit union on our savings. That is because of Federal Reserve policy. That is true of central banks throughout the world. But inevitably over time those interest rates are unsustainable, so they are going to start ticking back up. When they go from roughly zero to 4 percent or 5 percent, the amount of money we will have to pay on the current $18.1 trillion in debt and on the additional debt that will be added over the next 10 years—unless we get hold of this prob-lem—is going to crowd out our ability to do everything from protecting the most vulnerable in our society through our safety net programs to jeopardizing our national defense which is some-thing we can’t outsource to somebody else. This is something only the Fed-eral Government can do. 
We had an office holder in Texas a 
few years ago who talked about the Yellow Pages test. It always resonated with me. She used to say government should not be doing things that we can find in the Yellow Pages because that means the private sector is doing it. But the one thing you won’t find in the Yellow Pages is national security, and so our ability to protect our way of life and our future is going to be jeopard-ized by this debt. That is why Admiral Mullen—former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff a few years ago— shocked all of us when he was asked ‘‘What is the single largest threat to our national security?’’ and he said ‘‘The debt.’’ That got a lot of us going to the books trying to figure out what he was talking about, and what he was talking about is what I have been refer-ring to here. 
Let me repeat that second part 
again. In 2025 we will be spending $827 billion in interest on our debt alone. We won’t be paying down the principal; we will just be paying interest on the debt by 2025—$827 billion. That would be the third largest line item in the Federal budget, just behind Medicare and Social Security. 
The Director of the Congressional 
Budget Office, Doug Elmendorf, has been testifying on findings from this report. On Tuesday, before the House Budget Committee, Dr. Elmendorf stat-ed that ‘‘such large and growing federal 
debt would have serious negative con-sequences.’’ He is exactly right. When we have to basically take up available credit to finance our national debt, that leaves less credit available to the private sector to make investments that will actually create jobs. It acts like a wet blanket on economic growth. Nothing but fiscal uncertainty and cri-sis will come from our debt continuing to spiral out of control. 
The bottom line is this: Under Presi-
dent Obama the Federal Government has spent the past several years raising taxes. It has increased regulations. It is driving our national debt to unprece-dented levels, and we have a growth rate which reflects that. 
I know the President was cele-
brating. He was almost spiking the football at the State of the Union, say-ing: Well, we had a 5-percent spurt of growth in the gross domestic product last quarter. 
Well, that is great, but all of the pro-
jections show that for the next year, because of all of the factors I have mentioned, growth is going to continue to bounce along the bottom at a rate of roughly 2 to 2.2 percent. That is not enough growth to get the economy moving again to create the jobs to cre-ate the prosperity and lift our economy needs to get Americans back to work. 
In my opinion, the President’s poli-
cies over the last year have actually made it more difficult for businesses to hire workers and for families to plan for the future. I would argue that his policies have introduced enormous un-certainty into our health care system, our tax system, and our financial sys-tem. 
What our country needs now is the 
same thing which we have needed all along but which we haven’t had over the past 6 years. We need genuine Pres-idential leadership, the type of leader-ship that is required to restore Ameri-cans’ confidence in the future and to ensure better opportunities for the next generations and beyond. We don’t need Presidential leadership that leads us into more debt, less opportunity, and a more dismal future. 
It is my hope that the President’s 
budget will be exactly what it should be and exactly what the American peo-ple deserve; that is, a responsible blue-print for robust, economic growth. There are not a lot of problems that face our country that couldn’t be ad-dressed in large part by robust eco-nomic growth. Our economy would grow. Revenues to the Federal Treas-ury would grow, thus reducing our defi-cits and giving us a better opportunity to address our debt. More Americans would be working again instead of the lowest percentage of people in the workforce in the past 30 years. That is what they call the labor participation rate. 
I hope the President’s budget will get 
behind some of these progrowth poli-cies, such as progrowth tax reform— something we are eager to work with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.053 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S645 January 29, 2015 
the President on—and support serious 
efforts to save Social Security and Medicare. The dirty little secret in Washington is that if we don’t do any-thing to save Medicare and Social Se-curity, they are going to fall off the fis-cal cliff. So doing nothing is not an op-tion, but we need a bipartisan commit-ment to save Social Security and Medi-care. 
I hope the President’s budget will be 
a balanced one and finally offer a long- term plan for controlling our national debt. If it is not, well, we are not going to depend on the President alone; we are going to do our job in the Senate and the House and pass a responsible budget. If the President does not pro-pose one, we will show the American people what one looks like because we cannot let the President continue to lead us down this path of unsustainable debt and a darker future for American people. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. SANDERS. Reserving the right 
to object, I need more than 10 minutes. Is that all right? That was the expecta-tion. That is fine. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Vermont. 
f 
INCOME INEQUALITY 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
am delighted to have heard the speech from my good friend Senator C
ORNYN . 
As the ranking member of the Budget Committee, I think we are going to have some very serious discussions about the assertion Senator C
ORNYN  
and many other Republicans made. 
Let me begin by saying I am de-
lighted that some of my Republican friends have expressed great concern about our deficit and our national debt. I ask them where they were several years ago when we went to war in Iraq and forgot to pay for that war. I hap-pen to think the war in Iraq is not a war we should have ever gotten into, but be that as it may, I find it inter-esting that some of the leading deficit hawks went to war—a war which will end up costing us some $3 to $6 trillion. For the first time in the modern his-tory of our country, they went to war and yet they chose not to pay for it. Then on top of that, in the midst of the war, during that period, they gave sub-stantial tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country. In addition to that, they passed a Medicare Part D prescription drug program—much more expensive than it should be—written by the insurance companies, also not paid for. But now these same Republicans who came to the floor having voted to 
spend trillions of dollars on a war we should not have gotten into, having voted to give huge tax breaks to bil-lionaires, having voted for a Medicare Part D prescription drug program that was not paid for—lo and behold, they have discovered we have a deficit prob-lem and a national debt problem. This country would be in a lot better shape if they had expressed those concerns 7 or 8 years ago. 
In my view, there is a war going on in 
this country. And I am not talking about the war in Afghanistan or Iraq or the instability in the Middle East; I am talking about the war being waged in America today against the American middle class, against the American standard of living, and against the American dream. 
Today in the United States of Amer-
ica we have more income and wealth inequality than any other major coun-try on Earth. 
Today in America we have the high-
est rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth. 
Today in America we are the only 
major nation not to guarantee health care to all of our people as a right of citizenship. 
The United States of America once 
led the world 40 years ago in terms of the percentage of our people who grad-uated from college. In short, we were the best educated people in the world. Today we are in 12th place, and mil-lions of our young people are grad-uating from college deeply in debt, while others are looking at the cost of college and saying: I am not going to college. I am not going to get a higher education. I can’t afford it. I don’t want to leave school in debt. Our com-peting nations—whether it is Germany, Scandinavia, whether it is many of the European countries—are saying their kids are going to go to college regard-less of the income of their families. 
In terms of our infrastructure, we 
were once the envy of the world. Today, according to the World Eco-nomic Forum, we are in 12th place. 
Today in America real unemploy-
ment is not the official unemployment rate of 5.8 percent; it is over 11 percent if we count those people who have given up looking for work and are working part time. 
Youth unemployment—an issue we 
do not talk about—is 18 percent. We have over 5 million young people in this country who either dropped out of high school or graduated from high school. Do you know what they are doing? They are doing nothing. They are hanging out on street corners in Vermont, Louisiana, and all over this country. There are no jobs for them. In terms of African-American youth un-employment, that number, if you can believe it, is close to 30 percent. 
What the war against the middle- 
class and working families is about is that millions of our people are working longer hours for lower wages. In infla-tion-adjusted dollars, the median male worker today is earning some $700 less 
than that worker made 40 years ago. The median woman worker—that woman right in the middle of the econ-omy—made $1,300 less last year than she earned in 2007. Since 1999, the me-dian middle-class family has seen their income go down by about $4,000. 
The great recession, which was 
caused by the greed, recklessness, and illegal behavior on Wall Street, cost our country millions of good-paying jobs. It cost millions of Americans their homes and their life savings. It destroyed marriages and left people so destitute that they took their own lives. But the fact is, when people are in economic despair and economic re-cession, suicide rates go up. While the worst is clearly behind us, millions are still trying to claw their way back to where they were before the greed and financial abuses of Wall Street ripped the middle class apart. 
The good news is that in the past 6 
years our economy has made signifi-cant progress. We have created mil-lions of jobs, and that is a good thing. Our unemployment rate is down, and 
we have seen a whole lot of people re-turn to work. But when we talk about the economy, we also have to under-stand that the recovery we are seeing is extremely uneven. Some people—the people on top—have done remarkably, unbelievably well. A tiny slice of the population has gobbled up all of the economic gains since 2009. 
Let me repeat that because it is al-
most impossible to believe, but it is true. All of the new income gains after 2009—not 50 percent, not 80 percent, not 90 percent—100 percent of all of the in-come gains after 2009 have landed in the pockets of the top 1 percent. 
Today the top one-tenth of 1 percent 
owns more wealth than the bottom 90 percent. Today the Walton family—six people—owns more wealth than the bottom 41 percent. Here is the Walton family, six people who are worth $144.7 billion, and here is the bottom 41.5 per-cent of our population—131 million peo-ple who are worth about $123.4 billion. I ask the American people, is this what our country is supposed to be about— one family owning more wealth than the bottom 41 percent, the bottom 131 million Americans? Our economy and our distribution of wealth and income is completely out of balance, and this imbalance is not only fundamentally immoral, it is wrong that so few have so much and so many have so little. 
But it is also detrimental to economic growth, it is dangerous for our finan-cial stability, and in fact it threatens our democracy. Our task is to rebal-ance this economy; to create an econ-omy that works well for all of our peo-ple and not just wealthy campaign con-tributors—not just the Koch brothers but the working class of this country. 
There was a time after the Great De-
pression when we built an economy that allowed workers to share in our Nation’s prosperity. There was a time when the economy grew to help all peo-ple—the rich got richer, the middle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.054 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S646 January 29, 2015 
class expanded, and poverty went 
down. That economy brought unparal-leled prosperity and financial stability to our country and is affectionately re-membered as the golden age of Amer-ican capitalism. For decades wages in-creased alongside rising productivity, and each generation could reasonably expect to do better than the last. 
My parents worked very hard so their 
sons could do better than they did. That was the American dream—a dream, by the way, which no longer ex-ists. 
After rising to more than $56,000 at 
the start of the 21st century, real me-dian household incomes today have fallen back to where they were in 1996, a decline in living standards of more than $4,000 a year. Something is not right in our economy. 
The good news is the economy is 
growing. It is much better than it was 6 years ago, and we should be delighted by that. GDP is up. We just had a very strong quarter—5-percent growth. Pro-ductivity is up, employment is up, home prices are up, and the stock mar-ket is way up. 
On the other hand, average hourly 
earnings have barely budged, leading economists to resurrect a Depression- era term—a Depression-era term— called secular stagnation. For the first time since the Great Depression, our economy is growing in a way that is leaving most of our citizens no better off. In other words, the economy is doing well, but the people are not doing well. 
In fact the distribution of wealth 
today is worse than at any time since 1917—1917. The share of wealth owned by the top one-tenth of 1 percent is al-most the same as the bottom 90 per-cent. 
When we talk about the budget—and 
I will talk about the budget as the ranking member of the Budget Com-mittee—the budget has to be placed in a broader context of what is happening in America. What is happening in America is the people at the top are doing phenomenally well, the stock market is going off the wall, corporate profits are at an alltime high, while the middle class shrinks and we have almost more people living in poverty than at any time in our history. That is the context in which in my view the Budget Committee has to accept its challenge. 
Today half of all Americans are mak-
ing less than $20 an hour, half the kids in our public schools are living in pov-erty, and 62 percent of Americans do not have the money to cover an unex-pected emergency room visit or a $500 car repair. In other words, all over this country people are stressed. They are worried about what would happen if their car were to break down. They are worried what would happen if they were to get sick because they have no money in the bank. They have nothing to rely upon. They are working longer hours and in many cases they have nothing in the bank. As the recent elections in Greece 
demonstrate, ordinary people will not stand by and watch as their economies unravel and as their democracies un-ravel. Left unchecked, widening dis-parities in wealth and opportunity here at home can give rise to dangerous lev-els of social unrest. We must rebalance the economy so prosperity is enjoyed by the many—by the middle class, by working families—and not just a hand-ful of people on top. 
We must ensure that our economy 
continues to grow and that the benefits of a growing economy are widely en-joyed. It is not growth versus fairness but growth and fairness. In other words, we can have all the growth we want and it doesn’t mean anything to the middle class. In fact, the converse is true: We can have all the fairness we want, but if there is not growth, people are not going to gain prosperity. In fact, no society has ever flourished without a large, prosperous middle class, and that is what we must fight to bring about. 
My Republican friends believe the 
economy will grow if we just give more tax breaks to millionaires, to billion-aires, and to the largest corporations in America. They refer to this top 1 percent as the job makers or the job creators. They insist if we rub their bellies just right—deregulating mar-kets and slashing taxes and all of these nice things for the wealthy and the powerful—we can coax them into build-ing an economy that will work for ev-eryone. That is called trickle-down ec-onomics: bend over backward for the rich and the powerful, and when we give them their tax breaks, we deregu-late and let them destroy the environ-ment, my God, they are going to create all these jobs for working families. 
That is what the first George Bush 
referred to as ‘‘voodoo economics.’’ He was right then and that expression is right today. 
I am sure the Presiding Officer has 
seen the Kevin Costner movie ‘‘Field of Dreams.’’ These supply-side arguments, these trickle-down theories are the economic equivalent of the field of dreams. The Republicans tell us all we have to do is to build a friendly tax and regulatory environment and the ‘‘job creators’’ will come. They tell us we just have to get the ‘‘incentives’’ right and the wealthy will create all the good jobs we need. They tell us that if we build the rich a better playing field, the jobs will come. 
That is the mantra of supply-side ec-
onomics, of the trickle-down theory: If you build it, they will come. The only problem with that theory is it has been tried and the evidence is overwhelming that it has failed. 
Since 1980 we have seen the marginal 
income tax rate—the top marginal in-come tax rate—plunge from 70 to 35 percent. The wealthiest people wanted a reduction in their marginal tax rate, and they got it. The corporate income tax rate dropped from 46 to 35 percent— although, by the way, very few cor-porations pay 35 percent, but they did 
get a reduction in the corporate tax rate. Taxes on capital gains fell from 28 to 15 percent. We have deregulated the airlines, deregulated telecommuni-cations, deregulated energy, and maybe, most significantly and most disastrously, we deregulated Wall Street. 
We did all of the things the wealthy 
and the powerful wanted us to do, but instead of unleashing the job creators and ushering in a new golden age that benefits all people, these supply-side gimmicks brought us widening inequal-ity and greater financial instability. In other words, these experiments failed. They failed. Our economy has become more unstable. The distribution of wealth and income has become more unequal, and it takes the system longer and longer to call back the jobs that are lost each time we suffer a re-cession. 
I am encouraged by some of the com-
ments I have recently heard from my Republican colleagues who recognize that income and wealth inequality in America is real. This is a step forward. However, the policies they are advo-cating to address income and wealth inequality will in fact make a bad situ-ation even worse. 
As the ranking member of the Budget 
Committee, let me tell you what the Republicans have in mind. They don’t say this straightforward, so I will help them and say it straightforward. What they intend to do is to cut Social Secu-rity, and they are going to tell us all the reasons we have to cut Social Secu-rity. That is what they are going to do. That is what they are going to try to do. We are going to stop them, but that is what they are going to try to do. They are going to try to end Medicare as we know it and convert it into a voucher program. That is what the House Republicans voted to do last year. The result will be that there will be more and more out-of-pocket med-ical expenses for older Americans. They are going to make devastating cuts in Medicaid and throw some of the most vulnerable people in this country off of health insurance and onto the rolls of the uninsured. They are going to try to cut taxes for millionaires, bil-lionaires and large corporations and they are going to try to increase mili-tary spending. 
That is what they are going to do. 
They are going to give long speeches. They are not going to say these things directly, but if you listened closely to the speech my friend and colleague Senator C
ORNYN gave, that is truly 
what they intend to do. 
Einstein said it was the height of in-
sanity to keep doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results. It is time to accept the facts. The facts are that trickle-down eco-nomics does not work. It has failed. It is time to get back to doing what does work—what works for the middle class and working families. That is what we have to get back to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.056 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S647 January 29, 2015 
So what does work? What is a pro-
gram we should be advocating that makes sense and that will work for or-dinary Americans? The plan is actually pretty simple. It is the way economics was taught and practiced during the golden age of capitalism, and it flips trickle-down thinking on its head. To put it as simply as possible, our econ-omy runs on sales, not a very difficult concept to understand. Sales create jobs. 
Businesses don’t hire and invest be-
cause they want to. They hire workers and invest in new machinery because they have to. They do it to keep up with consumer demand, which is 70 per-cent of our economy, not very com-plicated. When people have disposable income in their pockets, they buy prod-ucts, they buy services, and when they buy those services and products, com-panies hire workers to make those products and deliver those services. 
We hear a lot of talk about how we 
need to reduce spending to grow the economy, but that doesn’t quite make sense. Spending isn’t just the right way to grow the economy. In fact, it is the only way to grow the economy. After all, what is the economy? It is our eco-nomic pie, our GDP. What is that? It is a measure of how much we are spend-ing as a nation to buy the goods and services we are producing. If we spend less, we don’t grow our economy, we shrink it. 
Contrary to what a lot of people be-
lieve, the government is not the big spender in the economy, households are. Their spending accounts for rough-ly 70 percent of our total GDP. That means consumers play a critical role in creating the demand that drives our economy. 
It also means that when the middle 
class is in trouble—when people have less disposable income—the American economy is in trouble. Whether we con-tinue to grow and create jobs depends critically on the economic well-being of the vast middle class. If the middle class is weighed down with debt and struggling to get by, the long-term health of the United States economy is in serious trouble. 
Hardworking Americans with money 
to spend are the real job creators. They are the customers who supply the de-mand of the vast majority of what our businesses are trying to sell. 
This is not just B
ERNIE SANDERS  
speaking. Talk to many of the large companies out there and they say they are seeing a drying up of their cus-tomers because the economy is so bad. That is what the folks in many indus-tries will tell us today. Our economy does well when people have income to spend. This is not a complicated the-ory. If people can’t buy products, com-panies are not making products. Com-panies are not producing services. 
Since the Wall Street crash, many of 
the jobs that have been added to the economy have been low-wage and part- time jobs. In fact, the jobs created dur-ing the recovery in the last few years pay 23 percent less on average than 
those that were lost in the recession. In his State of the Union Address, the President talked about ‘‘middle class economics,’’ and that is an excellent way to put it. It is a powerful reminder of what drives growth and prosperity. When we understand this, we under-stand why our economy cannot func-tion when those at the very top are pocketing 100 percent of the income gains. 
Let me repeat that. The top 1 percent 
is not getting 50 percent of all new in-come, not getting 80 percent of all new income—they are getting 100 percent of all new income. Our most important job creator, the vast middle class, is disappearing. Squeezed by decades of rising costs and stagnant incomes, they just can’t do it. When those at the very top take more and more of the gains, our job creators—i.e., the middle class—get squeezed. Debt becomes a substitute for income, and the econ-omy becomes even more fragile. 
Let me show an incredibly revelatory 
chart. This chart talks about distribu-tion of average income growth during expansions and what the bottom 90 per-cent received versus what the top 10 percent of families receive. 
We go back from the period of 1949 to 
1953, 1954 to 1957, 1958 to 1960, 1961 to 1969, 1970 to 1973, 1975 to 1979, 1982 to 1990, 1991 to 2000, 2001 to 2007, 2009 to 2012. That is the last we have. 
What this chart shows is that in the 
first three decades after World War II the vast majority of Americans did well when the economy did well. 
This is the percentage of new income 
that went to the bottom 90 percent, and this is what the top 10 percent got. They did OK. The top 10 percent did pretty well. They got 20 percent of all new income. But the bottom 90 percent got 80 percent of the income. Then 1954 to 1957 went down a little bit, but the bottom 90 percent did pretty well. Again, the bottom 90 percent did pretty well, and here the bottom 90 percent did pretty well. Then the bottom 90 percent begins to do less well, and again less well, but they are still get-ting a majority of the new income. 
Whoa—what happens in 1982? Well, 
Ronald Reagan is President—and the good news is we are into trickle-down economics. Here it is. This chart tells it all. This is what the top 10 percent got, and this is what the bottom 90 per-cent got. 
Here we are in the last number here, 
where we are today, and, lo and behold, the top 10 percent gets it all. And, frankly, this is a metaphor. This is an example of exactly what trickle-down economics is all about. 
So early on, in economics, when we 
have a recovery, most of the new in-come goes to working families and to the broad middle class. Since the 1982 period, almost all of the new income goes to the top 1 percent. Today, as I mentioned—rather unbelievably—all of the new income is going to the top 1 percent. Clearly, this is unacceptable. This 
trend of the rich getting richer and ev-erybody else getting poorer is not what America is about, and it has got to be 
changed. We have to rethink the fun-damentals of supply-side, trick-down economic theory. 
The difficulty we have, to be frank, is 
that, especially since Citizens United and especially since the millionaires and billionaires can pour huge amounts of money into the political process, for them this is great news. This chart is fantastic news. They have won. They contribute to candidates, and can-didates go out and tell us we need more tax breaks for the rich, we need more deregulation. And these are the results. So not only do we need to change our economic policies. Clearly, we need to change campaign finance so the work being done by Congress reflects the needs of working families and not just the billionaire class. 
Now, let me say what I think we 
should do. I do not believe we should give more tax breaks to the rich be-cause they are getting richer and their tax rates have gone down. I do not be-lieve we should give more tax breaks to large corporations, because there are huge loopholes in our corporate tax system and we are losing about $100 billion every single year because cor-porations and millionaires are stashing their money in the Cayman Islands and other tax havens. 
We have a situation right now in this 
country in terms of our individual tax breaks where hedge fund managers who make millions of dollars a year pay an effective tax rate lower than a truck-driver or a nurse. That makes no sense to me nor do I believe it makes sense to the American people. 
So I will very briefly say what I 
think makes sense and an agenda that will put Americans back to work at de-cent wages. 
No. 1, if we want to create jobs in 
America, we don’t pass the Keystone Pipeline bill. That creates 35 perma-nent jobs. That creates several thou-sand construction jobs. And, by the way, that allows the Canadian firm to produce and transport some of the dirtiest fuel in the world, which will only exacerbate the problems of cli-mate change—doing exactly the oppo-site of what the scientific community tells us we should do. 
So if we want to create more than 35 
permanent jobs, maybe we should be serious about rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure; that is, our roads, our bridges, our water systems, our waste-water plants, our dams, our levees, our rail system, our airports. Think of what America would look like when, instead of having a sub-par infrastruc-ture—an infrastructure now ranked 12th in the world—we lead the world with cutting edge technology. A $1 tril-lion investment could put 13 million Americans back to work at good wages. In my view, that is exactly what we should be doing. 
Right now in this country we have a 
significant number of people working 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.057 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S648 January 29, 2015 
at the starvation wage—the Federal 
minimum wage—of $7.25 an hour. We must raise the minimum wage to a liv-ing wage. When we do that, we provide a pay raise for some 25 million Ameri-cans who today are struggling eco-nomically. And when we do that, we not only help them, but we also help the economy because, as I mentioned earlier, when these folks have money they can then spend some money. 
We have to provide pay equity for 
women workers. It is not acceptable that women today earn 78 percent of what male workers earn who do the same job. 
We have to deal with the scandal of 
overtime right now, where we have workers in McDonald’s who make $25,000, $28,000 a year and who are ‘‘su-pervisors’’ and therefore are exempt from overtime regulations. So they may be working 50 or 60 hours a week making very little money, yet because they are ‘‘supervisors,’’ they don’t get time and a half. Ending that and rais-ing that $23,000 threshold to something like $56,000 would provide a huge pay increase for millions and millions of workers. 
We live in a very, very competitive 
global economy, and it makes no sense to me that in that economy we have large numbers of young people who are giving up on the dream of getting a good education and going to college or graduate school. Others are leaving school deeply in debt. We should learn from many of our competitors who say to their young people: You want to go to college? You can go to college, re-gardless of your income because tui-tion is free. 
A few months ago, one of the States 
in Germany was the last State in Ger-many to do away with tuition. What one of their political leaders said was: Look. We believe all of our people have the right to go to college, and income should not be an impediment. I agree with that. 
We need finally to do what I know is 
very, very difficult for many of the Members of this body, and that is take on Wall Street. We have a handful of huge financial institutions that have assets equivalent to 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America. They issue half of the mortgages in this country and two-thirds of the credit cards in this country. I believe that is just too big. I fear very much about another too-big-to-fail scenario where we have to bail them out. 
As we know, Republicans recently 
have pushed through language to take away some of the protections that tax-payers had in Dodd-Frank and once again leave them exposed to bailing out Wall Street when they engage in dangerous derivative speculation. 
Lastly—and this is not just an eco-
nomic issue, although it is; it is a moral issue—we have millions of senior citizens and people with disabilities in this country who are struggling with incredible courage every single day to buy the food they need and to buy the medicine they need, and, in cold States 
such as mine in Vermont, to heat their homes. This is not just rhetoric. This is reality. There are—God knows how many—seniors who say: Well, I can’t buy my medicine if I am going to heat the house. I can’t heat the house if I am going to buy my nutrition. We know that all over the country the Meals On Wheels programs have wait-ing lines because it is a place for low- income seniors to get nutrition. Yet we have an effort right now on the part of Republicans to say that, well, yeah, we have millions of seniors trying to get by on $12,000, $13,000 a year, but we are going to cut their benefits. Well, they may make that effort, but I will do ev-erything I can to stop it. 
There are very simple remedies for 
the problems facing Social Security, and we should make a couple of things very clear. Despite a lot of the rhetoric that we hear, Social Security is paid for by the payroll tax and does not add to the deficit. So take that issue away. 
The second issue is that Social Secu-
rity is going broke. Well, the simple truth is Social Security is not going broke. Social Security has about $2.6 trillion in its trust fund and can pay out about all the benefits owed to all eligible Americans for the next 19 years. If we want to make Social Secu-rity solvent—not for 19 years, because I think we have to extend that—if we want to make it solvent for 30 years or 40 years and if we want, as I believe we should, not to cut benefits but to ex-pand benefits, and if we want to do the right thing for our parents and our grandchildren, then I think we defeat every effort out there to cut Social Se-curity. I think we lift the cap on tax-able income so that millionaires con-tribute more into the Social Security trust fund. I think we have that moral obligation to our parents and our grandparents. 
Let me conclude by saying this. I 
think the evidence is overwhelming that trickledown economics is a fraud. It works for the very wealthy; it does not work for working families. The job of this Congress is to protect the mid-dle class and working class, and not just billionaire campaign contributors. 
With that, I thank the Presiding Offi-
cer for your indulgence, and I yield the floor. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LINDA GIBBONS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I am 
grateful for the opportunity to pay tribute to a wonderful staff member and dedicated public servant, Linda Gibbons. Linda will be retiring this week after 22 years of devoted service. I know I speak for everyone on my staff when I say she will be deeply missed. 
As a member of my constituent serv-
ices team, Linda helped thousands of Utahns who contacted my office seek-ing assistance. In serving constituents, she was always sympathetic to their needs and worked tirelessly to resolve their problems. Constituent casework 
is difficult, often requiring hours of te-dious research and coordination with Federal and State agencies. But Linda was always equal to the task, and I can say without reservation that she was among the best caseworkers I have ever had. 
Linda was passionate about public 
service. Her work ethic always im-pressed me, and I was grateful for her willingness to assume new responsibil-ities. She is tenacious, honest, and al-ways believes in doing the right thing. 
Most importantly, Linda has a deep 
capacity to care for and love others. Both constituents and staff know this well. She has always gone out of her way to listen to and help anyone in need. 
I will always be grateful for Linda’s 
work in helping me nominate Utah’s most talented young students to mili-tary academies. Military academy nominations can be laborious and cum-bersome, but Linda always saw can-didates through the process with a re-markable degree of efficiency and pro-fessionalism. In doing so, she mentored some of Utah’s best and brightest. She also built strong ties between our of-fice, the students, their families, and officials from military academies. 
Although Linda has achieved much 
in her professional life, perhaps her greatest success has been in the home. Linda has been married to her husband, Phil, for over 40 years, and together they have three children and seven grandchildren. She loves her family dearly and looks forward to spending more time with them in her retire-ment. Her compassion and strength have shepherded them through some of life’s most difficult challenges. 
I am truly grateful for the tremen-
dous service Linda has rendered to my staff, her community, and the great State of Utah. I will miss Linda great-ly, but I know that this next chapter in her life holds many exciting and won-derful opportunities. I will be forever grateful for her dedicated service and loyal friendship. 
f 
SUBCOMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS 
COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the list of subcommittee 
assignments for the Committee on Ap-propriations for the 114th Congress. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SUBCOMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS  
Senator Cochran, as chairman of the Com-
mittee, and Senator Mikulski, as vice chair-woman of the Committee, are ex officio members of all subcommittees of which they are not regular members. 
AGRICULTURE , RURAL DEVELOPMENT , FOOD AND  
DRUG ADMINISTRATION , AND RELATED AGENCIES  
Senators Moran,1Blunt, Cochran, McCon-
nell, Collins, Hoeven, Daines, Merkley2, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.058 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S649 January 29, 2015 
Feinstein, Tester, Udall, Leahy, Baldwin. (7– 
6) 
COMMERCE , JUSTICE , SCIENCE , AND RELATED  
AGENCIES  
Senators Shelby1, Alexander, Murkowski, 
Collins, Graham, Kirk, Boozman, Capito, Lankford, Mikulski
2, Leahy, Feinstein, 
Reed, Shaheen, Coons, Baldwin, Murphy. (9– 8) 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
Senators Cochran1, McConnell, Shelby, 
Alexander, Collins, Murkowski, Graham, Blunt, Daines, Moran, Durbin
2, Leahy, Fein-
stein, Mikulski, Murray, Reed, Tester, Udall, Schatz. (10–9) 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT  
Senators Alexander1, Cochran, McConnell, 
Shelby, Collins, Murkowski, Graham, Hoeven, Lankford, Feinstein
2, Murray, 
Tester, Durbin, Udall, Shaheen, Merkley, Coons. (9–8) 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL  
GOVERNMENT  
Senators Boozman1, Moran, Lankford, 
Coons2, Durbin. (3–2) 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
Senators Hoeven1, Cochran, Shelby, Mur-
kowski, Graham, Cassidy, Shaheen2, Leahy, 
Murray, Tester, Baldwin. (6–5) 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR , ENVIRONMENT , 
AND RELATED AGENCIES  
Senators Murkowski1, Alexander, Cochran, 
Blunt, Hoeven, McConnell, Daines, Cassidy, Uda11
2, Feinstein, Leahy, Reed, Tester, 
Merkley. (8–6) 
DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR , HEALTH AND HUMAN  
SERVICES , AND EDUCATION , AND RELATED  
AGENCIES  
Senators Blunt1, Moran, Shelby, Cochran, 
Alexander, Graham, Kirk, Cassidy, Capito, Lankford, Murray
2, Durbin, Reed, Mikulski, 
Shaheen, Merkley, Schatz, Baldwin. (10–8) 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH  
Senators Capito1, Kirk, Moran, Schatz2, 
Murphy. (3–2) 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS  
AFFAIRS , AND RELATED AGENCIES  
Senators Kirk1, McConnell, Murkowski, 
Hoeven, Collins, Boozman, Capito, Cassidy, Tester
2, Murray, Reed, Udall, Schatz, Bald-
win, Murphy. (8–7) 
STATE , FOREIGN OPERATIONS , AND RELATED  
PROGRAMS  
Senators Graham1, McConnell, Kirk, 
Blunt, Boozman, Moran, Lankford, Daines, Leahy
2, Mikulski, Durbin, Shaheen, Coons, 
Merkley, Murphy. (8–7) 
TRANSPORTATION , HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT , AND RELATED AGENCIES  
Senators Collins1, Shelby, Alexander, 
Kirk, Blunt, Boozman, Capito, Cassidy, Daines, Reed
2, Mikulski, Murray, Durbin, 
Feinstein, Coons, Schatz, Murphy. (9–8) 
1Subcommittee chairman. 
2Ranking minority member. 
f 
COMMITTEE ON RULES AND 
ADMINISTRATION 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on Rules and Administration has adopted rules governing its proce-dures for the 114th Congress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator S
CHUMER , I ask 
unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the 
RECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Rules of Procedure 
Committee on Rules and Administration 
MEETINGS OF THE COMMITTEE  
Rule 1. The regular meeting dates of the 
Committee shall be the second and fourth Wednesdays of each month, at 10:00 a.m. in room SR–301, Russell Senate Office Building. Additional meetings of the Committee may be called by the Chairman as he may deem necessary or pursuant to the provision of paragraph 3 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
Rule 2. Meetings of the committee, includ-
ing meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or series of meetings by the committee on the same subject for a period of no more than 14 calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only whether the matters enumerated in subparagraphs (a) through (f) would require the meeting to be closed followed immediately by a recorded vote in open session by a majority of the Members of the committee when it is deter-mined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or meetings: 
(a) will disclose matters necessary to be 
kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; 
(b) will relate solely to matters of the com-
mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; 
(c) will tend to charge an individual with 
crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy, or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; 
(d) will disclose the identity of any in-
former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; 
(e) will disclose information relating to the 
trade secrets or financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if: 
(1) an Act of Congress requires the infor-
mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or 
(2) the information has been obtained by 
the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or 
(f) may divulge matters required to be kept 
confidential under the provisions of law or Government regulations. (Paragraph 5(b) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules.) 
Rule 3. Written notices of committee meet-
ings will normally be sent by the commit-tee’s staff director to all Members of the committee at least a week in advance. In ad-dition, the committee staff will telephone or e-mail reminders of committee meetings to all Members of the committee or to the ap-propriate assistants in their offices. 
Rule 4. A copy of the committee’s intended 
agenda enumerating separate items of legis-lative business and committee business will normally be sent to all Members of the com-mittee and released to the public at least 1 day in advance of all meetings. This does not preclude any Member of the committee from discussing appropriate non-agenda topics. Rule 5. After the Chairman and the Rank-
ing Minority Member, speaking order shall be based on order of arrival, alternating be-tween Majority and Minority Members, un-less otherwise directed by the Chairman. 
Rule 6. Any witness who is to appear before 
the committee in any hearing shall file with the clerk of the committee at least 3 busi-ness days before the date of his or her ap-pearance, a written statement of his or her proposed testimony and an executive sum-mary thereof, in such form as the chairman may direct, unless the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member waive such re-quirement for good cause. 
Rule 7. In general, testimony will be re-
stricted to 5 minutes for each witness. The time may be extended by the Chairman, upon the Chair’s own direction or at the re-quest of a Member. Each round of questions by Members will also be limited to 5 min-utes. 
QUORUMS  
Rule 8. Pursuant to paragraph 7(a)(1) of 
rule XXVI of the Standing Rules, a majority of the Members of the committee shall con-stitute a quorum for the reporting of legisla-tive measures. 
Rule 9. Pursuant to paragraph 7(a)(1) of 
rule XXVI of the Standing Rules, one-third of the Members of the committee shall con-stitute a quorum for the transaction of busi-ness, including action on amendments to measures prior to voting to report the meas-ure to the Senate. 
Rule 10. Pursuant to paragraph 7(a)(2) of 
rule XXVI of the Standing Rules, 2 Members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of taking testimony under oath and 1 Member of the committee shall constitute a quorum for the purpose of tak-ing testimony not under oath; provided, how-ever, that in either instance, once a quorum is established, any one Member can continue to take such testimony. 
Rule 11. Under no circumstances may prox-
ies be considered for the establishment of a quorum. 
VOTING  
Rule 12. Voting in the committee on any 
issue will normally be by voice vote. 
Rule 13. If a third of the Members present 
so demand a roll call vote instead of a voice vote, a record vote will be taken on any question by roll call. 
Rule 14. The results of roll call votes taken 
in any meeting upon any measure, or any amendment thereto, shall be stated in the committee report on that measure unless previously announced by the committee, and such report or announcement shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor of and the votes cast in opposition to each such measure and amendment by each Member of the committee. (Paragraph 7(b) and (c) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules.) 
Rule 15. Proxy voting shall be allowed on 
all measures and matters before the com-mittee. However, the vote of the committee to report a measure or matter shall require the concurrence of a majority of the Mem-bers of the committee who are physically present at the time of the vote. Proxies will be allowed in such cases solely for the pur-pose of recording a Member’s position on the question and then only in those instances when the absentee committee Member has been informed of the question and has af-firmatively requested that he be recorded. (Paragraph 7(a) (3) of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules.) 
AMENDMENTS  
Rule 16. Provided at least five business 
days’ notice of the agenda is given, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.054 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S650 January 29, 2015 
text of the proposed bill or resolution has 
been made available at least five business days in advance, it shall not be in order for the Committee to consider any amendment in the first degree proposed to any measure under consideration by the Committee un-less such amendment has been delivered to the office of the Committee and circulated via e-mail to each of the offices by at least 5:00 p.m. the day prior to the scheduled start of the meeting. 
Rule 17. In the event the Chairman intro-
duces a substitute amendment or a Chair-man’s mark, the requirements set forth in Rule 16 shall be considered waived unless such substitute amendment or Chairman’s mark has been made available at least five business days in advance of the scheduled meeting. 
Rule 18. It shall be in order, without prior 
notice, for a Member to offer a motion to strike a single section of any bill, resolution, or amendment under consideration. 
Rule 19. This section of the rule may be 
waived by agreement of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member. 
DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO COMMITTEE  
CHAIRMAN  
Rule 20. The Chairman is authorized to 
sign himself or by delegation all necessary vouchers and routine papers for which the committee’s approval is required and to de-cide in the committee’s behalf all routine business. 
Rule 21. The Chairman is authorized to en-
gage commercial reporters for the prepara-tion of transcripts of committee meetings and hearings. 
Rule 22. The Chairman is authorized to 
issue, on behalf of the committee, regula-tions normally promulgated by the com-mittee at the beginning of each session. 
DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO COMMITTEE  
CHAIRMAN AND RANKING MINORITY MEMBER  
Rule 23. The Chairman and Ranking Minor-
ity Member, acting jointly, are authorized to approve on behalf of the committee any rule or regulation for which the committee’s ap-proval is required, provided advance notice of their intention to do so is given to Mem-bers of the committee. 
f 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS 
ANNUAL REPORT FOR 2014 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent, for myself as chairman of the Select Committee on Ethics and for Senator B
OXER as vice 
chairman of the committee, that the following ‘‘Annual Report for 2014–Se-lect Committee on Ethics’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . The committee issues 
this report today as required by the Honest Leadership and Open Govern-ment Act of 2007. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Annual Report of the Select Committee on 
Ethics 
The Honest Leadership and Open Govern-
ment Act of 2007 (the ‘‘Act’’) calls for the Se-lect Committee on Ethics of the United States Senate to issue an annual report not later than January 31st of each year pro-viding information in certain categories de-scribing its activities for the preceding year. Reported below is the information describing the Committee’s activities in 2014 in the cat-egories set forth in the Act: 
(1) The number of alleged violations of 
Senate rules received from any source, in-cluding the number raised by a Senator or staff of the Committee: 45. (In addition, one 
alleged violation from the previous year was carried into 2014.) 
(2) The number of alleged violations that 
were dismissed— 
(A) For lack of subject matter jurisdiction 
or in which, even if the allegations in the complaint are true, no violation of Senate rules would exist: 27. 
(B) Because they failed to provide suffi-
cient facts as to any material violation of the Senate rules beyond mere allegation or assertion: 17. 
(3) The number of alleged violations for 
which the Committee staff conducted a pre-liminary inquiry: 2. (This figure includes 1 matter from the previous calendar year car-ried into 2014.) 
(4) The number of alleged violations for 
which the Committee staff conducted a pre-liminary inquiry that resulted in an adju-dicatory review: 0. 
(5) The number of alleged violations for 
which the Committee staff conducted a pre-liminary inquiry and the Committee dis-missed the matter for lack of substantial merit: 0. 
(6) The number of alleged violations for 
which the Committee staff conducted a pre-liminary inquiry and the Committee issued private or public letters of admonition: 0. 
(7) The number of matters resulting in a 
disciplinary sanction: 0. 
(8) Any other information deemed by the 
Committee to be appropriate to describe its activities in the previous year: 
In 2014, the Committee staff conducted two 
new Member and staff ethics training ses-sions; 16 Member and committee office cam-paign briefings; 13 employee code of conduct training sessions; five public financial disclo-sure clinics, seminars, and webinars; 34 eth-ics seminars and customized briefings for Member DC offices, state offices, and Senate committees; one private sector ethics brief-ings; and 12 international briefings. 
In 2014, the Committee staff handled ap-
proximately 9,648 telephone inquiries and 1,510 inquiries by email for ethics advice and guidance. 
In 2014, the Committee wrote approxi-
mately 925 ethics advisory letters and re-sponses including, but not limited to, 756 travel and gifts matters (Senate Rule 35) and 99 conflict of interest matters (Senate Rule 37). 
In 2014, the Committee issued 3,354 letters 
concerning financial disclosure filings by Senators, Senate staff and Senate candidates and reviewed 1,650 reports. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING BOB MORALES 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, today I 
ask my colleagues to join me in hon-oring the life and work of Teamsters Local 350 Secretary-Treasurer Bob Mo-rales, who died in South San Francisco on January 26 at the age of 71. Bob was a great labor leader and a dear personal friend, and I will miss him terribly. 
Born in El Salvador in 1943, Bob came 
to the United States with his family as a teenager. After completing his edu-cation in San Francisco, he served in the United States Army for 2 years, reaching the rank of Sergeant Fifth Class. 
Bob began his extraordinary career 
with the Metal Polishers and Platers Union of the AFL–CIO. He joined the Teamsters Local 350 in 1973 as a busi-ness representative, quickly becoming 
secretary-treasurer after only 2 years. In this role, Brother Bob negotiated some of the best union contracts in the Nation, providing his members with outstanding wages and benefits. A fear-less advocate for California workers, Bob held several positions within the Teamsters, serving as the first and only director of the union’s Solid Waste, Recycling and Related Indus-tries Division, secretary-treasurer of Teamsters Joint Council 7, and Chair-man of both the California and Na-tional Teamsters Hispanic Caucuses. As a testament of his successful leader-ship, Bob’s colleagues named him a trustee to the Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Trust—the largest labor pension fund in the western United States. In 1992, Bob was honored as Labor’s Man of the Year in San Francisco. 
Beyond his tireless work in the labor 
movement, Bob was involved with nu-merous charitable organizations, in-cluding the United Way of California, the Martin Luther King Jr. Society of San Francisco, the A. Philip Randolph Institute, the Hispanic Foundation, and the San Francisco Senior Centers. 
On behalf of the people of California 
who Bob so diligently served, I send my deepest condolences to his wife Maria, son David, their extended family, and Bob’s many friends, colleagues, and ad-mirers. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE 
OF SCHOOL CHOICE 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, the 
Senate passed a resolution that I was proud to cosponsor recognizing this week as National School Choice Week. 
As a former school board member, I 
understand that State and local gov-ernments are best equipped to make education decisions for their commu-nities—not Washington. Students and parents deserve to choose the edu-cation that meets their needs. I am committed to empowering parents with the ability to choose the best edu-cation options for their children. 
I asked Arkansans to share with me 
why school choice is important to them. Crystal Holland of Beebe wrote to me about her son, Hunter, who has high-functioning autism. She wrote that he was misdiagnosed with ADHD when he was 4 years old and diagnosed with autism when he was 11 years old. ‘‘He missed out on some very impor-tant critical skills because of all the discipline problems he was having due to anxiety,’’ Holland wrote. ‘‘School choice allows me to homeschool him as a result and I am very thankful for the opportunity.’’ 
Bob and Mary Anne Fielder of Hot 
Springs included competition in their email to me. ‘‘Competition is always good. You would see a much improved public school system,’’ they wrote. 
I agree with the Fielders. Competi-
tion among schools improves the standards for everybody. This Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.056 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S651 January 29, 2015 
we will take important steps to im-
prove education nationwide by fixing No Child Left Behind. This is a key ve-hicle to providing flexibility to States and to families so they can make the choices about education opportunities for their children. 
This week I skyped with students at 
public charter schools across Arkansas. The students said having educational options was important to them because it allows them to be better prepared for their interests beyond high school graduation. 
I am proud to support National 
School Choice Week and the out-standing educational choices that Ar-kansas offers. When it comes to edu-cation, it is important that we get the job done right. Allowing the freedom to choose between educational options for children is one way we can help parents make the best decision for their chil-dren’s futures. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:09 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 351. An act to provide for expedited 
approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 351. An act to provide for expedited 
approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–459. A communication from the Acting 
Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Animal 
Welfare; Retail Pet Stores and Licensing Ex-emptions; Technical Amendment’’ ((RIN0579– AD57) (Docket No. APHIS–2011–0003)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 27, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
EC–460. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Electronic Submission of Technical Reports’’ ((RIN0750–AI25) (DFARS Case 2014–D001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 26, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–461. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Defense Contractors Per-forming Private Security Functions’’ ((RIN0750–AI31) (DFARS Case 2014–D008)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 26, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–462. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Updated Descriptions of Product Service Groups Subject to Trade Agreements’’ ((RIN0750–AI49) (DFARS Case 2015–D004)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 26, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–463. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Further Implementation of Trafficking in Persons Policy’’ ((RIN0750– AH93) (DFARS Case 2013–D007)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 26, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–464. A communication from the Under 
Secretary for Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a Foreign Policy Report on the impo-sition of a license requirement on exports, reexports, and transfers (in-country) to the Crimea region of Ukraine; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–465. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Cuba: Providing Support for the Cuban People’’ (RIN0694–AG42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–466. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Assessment of Demand Re-sponse and Advanced Metering’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–467. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Final Rule to Revise the Code of Fed-eral Regulations for Species Under the Juris-diction of the National Marine Fisheries Service; Correction’’ (RIN0648–XC659) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–468. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-
ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0001—2015–0003); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–469. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Sulfoxaflor; Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions’’ (FRL No. 9920–45) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–470. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Extension of the Laboratory and Analytical Use Exemption for Essential Class I Ozone- Depleting Substances’’ ((RIN2060–AS38) (FRL No. 9921–52–OAR)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–471. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of State Implementa-tion Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Require-ments for the 1997 and 2006 PM2.5, 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, and 2010 NO2 National Ambient Air Quality Standards; South Dakota’’ (FRL No. 9922–04-Region 8) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–472. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Exemption of Certain Chem-ical Substances from Reporting Additional Chemical Data’’ ((RIN2070–AK01) (FRL No. 9921–56)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–473. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to New Mexico’’ (FRL No. 9921–77-Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–474. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; State of California; Sac-ramento Metro Area; Attainment Plan for 1997 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9921– 99-Region 9) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–475. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Montana; Re-visions to Administrative Rules of Montana - Prevention of Significant Deterioration’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.035 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S652 January 29, 2015 
(FRL No. 9919–42-Region 8) received during 
adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–476. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–137); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–477. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–127); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–478. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–106); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–479. A communication from the Deputy 
Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Respirator Certification Fees’’ (RIN0920–AA42) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 23, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–480. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Adminis-trator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–481. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator of the Office of Di-version Control, Drug Enforcement Agency, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Re-moval of Naloxegol from Control’’ (Docket No. DEA–400) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 27, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–482. A communication from the Rules 
Administrator, Federal Bureau of Prisons, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Smoking/No Smoking Areas’’ (RIN1120– AB42) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–483. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Direct Investment Surveys: BE–10, Benchmark Sur-vey of U.S. Direct Investment Abroad’’ (RIN0691–AA83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 26, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–484. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 76.1506 of the Commission’s Rules’’ (DA 14–1892) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–485. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations. (Cove and Daisy, Arkansas; Alamo, Georgia; Grayville, 
Illinois; Clayton, Louisiana; Harrison, Michi-gan; Alton, Missouri; Ennis, Montana; Buf-falo, Erick, Haworth, Leedey, Reydon, Taloga, Thomas, and Wright City, Okla-
homa; Weinert, Texas; Boscobel, Owen, and Tigerton, Wisconsin)’’ ((MB Docket No. 11– 147) (DA 12–513)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–486. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations. (Silverton, Texas)’’ ((MB Docket No. 14–156) (DA 15–9)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–487. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Thames River, New London, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2013–0983)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 22, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–488. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; Sarah Mildred Long Bridge Replacement, Portsmouth, NH’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 0554)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–489. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Areas and Limited Access Areas; Waterway Management of Apra Harbor, Guam’’ ((RIN1625–AA00; RIN1625–AA11; and RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2013–0935)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–490. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Eastport Breakwater Ter-minal, Eastport, Maine’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1037)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 22, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–491. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: Blue Water Resort and Casino Southwest Showdown 4; Parker, AZ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2014– 0990)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–492. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zones: Dignitary Arrival/Departure and United Nations Meetings, New York, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG– 2013–1009)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–493. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone: John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse; Boston, MA’’ ((RIN1625– AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1055)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–494. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone: SFOBB Demolition Safety Zone, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2013–0654)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 22, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–495. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Clearwater Super Boat National Championship; Gulf of Mex-ico, Clearwater, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Dock-et No. USCG–2014–0657)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–496. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Regulations; Port of New York’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2013– 0018)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–497. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustain-able Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provi-sions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fishery; Fish-ing Year 2014; Interim Gulf of Maine Cod Management Measures; Correction’’ (RIN0648–BE56) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–498. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Federal Transit Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Federal Transit Administration, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–2. A communication from a citizen of 
the State of Illinois memorializing the State of Illinois’s petition to the United States Congress calling for a constitutional conven-tion for the purpose of proposing amend-ments; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN, from the Committee on 
Armed Services, without amendment: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.033 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S653 January 29, 2015 
S. Res. 53. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BLUNT, from the Committee on 
Rules and Administration, without amend-ment: 
S. Res. 54. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee 
on Intelligence, without amendment: 
S. Res. 55. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
By Mr. ENZI, from the Committee on the 
Budget, without amendment: 
S. Res. 57. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on the Budget. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
ENZI, Mr. U DALL , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. C ARPER ): 
S. 299. A bill to allow travel between the 
United States and Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , 
and Mr. C RUZ): 
S. 300. A bill to provide for auditable finan-
cial statements for the Department of De-fense, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. FISCHER: 
S. 301. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. L EAHY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. B ROWN , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 302. A bill to establish in the Bureau of 
Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBT Peoples; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. ROBERTS: 
S. 303. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that individuals hav-ing seriously delinquent tax debts shall be ineligible for Federal employment; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. 
MORAN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 304. A bill to improve motor vehicle 
safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B ARRASSO , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B URR, Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RAPO , Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. K IRK, Mr. M ORAN , Mr. PORTMAN , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. 
RISCH): 
S. 305. A bill to protect American job cre-
ation by striking the Federal mandate on employers to offer health insurance; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, and 
Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 306. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to encourage the use of 529 plans and Coverdell education savings ac-counts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ: 
S. 307. A bill to amend title III of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act to provide for the es-tablishment and implementation of guide-lines on best practices for diagnosis, treat-ment, and management of mild traumatic brain injuries (MTBIs) in school-aged chil-dren, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mrs. C AP-
ITO): 
S. 308. A bill to reauthorize 21st century 
community learning centers , and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. F LAKE , Ms. 
AYOTTE , and Mr. L EE): 
S. 309. A bill to prohibit earmarks; to the 
Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mrs. 
FISCHER ): 
S. 310. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal 
funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
K
IRK): 
S. 311. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and har-assment of students; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 312. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding school libraries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Mr. M ORAN , and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 313. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to add physical thera-pists to the list of providers allowed to uti-lize locum tenens arrangements under Medi-care; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Mr. K IRK, and Mr. B ROWN ): 
S. 314. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 315. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for the purchase of hearing aids; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): 
S. 316. A bill to amend the charter school 
program under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and 
Pensions. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S CHATZ , 
Mr. U DALL , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 317. A bill to improve early education; to 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 318. A bill to prioritize funding for the 
National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to re-store the purchasing power the NIH had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and 
Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): 
S. 319. A bill to designate a mountain in 
the State of Alaska as Mount Denali; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN): 
S. 320. A bill to authorize the collection of 
supplemental payments to increase congres-sional investments in medical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. LANKFORD: 
S. 321. A bill to revoke the charter of incor-
poration of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 322. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 323. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal 
funds for the costs of official portraits of Members of Congress, heads of executive agencies, and heads of agencies and offices of the legislative branch; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCAIN: 
S. Res. 53. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Armed Services; from the Committee on Armed Services; to the Committee on Rules 
and Administration. 
By Mr. BLUNT: 
S. Res. 54. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Rules and Administration; from the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. BURR: 
S. Res. 55. A resolution authorizing ex-
penditures by the Select Committee on In-telligence; from the Select Committee on In-telligence; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. 
W
ARREN ): 
S. Res. 56. A resolution designating Janu-
ary 2015 as ‘‘National Blood Donor Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ENZI: 
S. Res. 57. A resolution authorizing ex-
penditures by the Committee on the Budget; from the Committee on the Budget; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. 
BROWN ): 
S. Res. 58. A resolution recognizing Janu-
ary 2015 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.025 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S654 January 29, 2015 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 165 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. L ANKFORD ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 165, a bill to extend and enhance prohibitions and limita-tions with respect to the transfer or re-lease of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) 
and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 167, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the con-duct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention pro-grams of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
At the request of Mr. M
CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from 
Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ), the Senator from 
Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the Senator from 
Montana (Mr. D AINES ) and the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 167, supra. 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 198, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 203, 
a bill to restore Americans’ individual liberty by striking the Federal man-date to purchase insurance. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Mon-
tana (Mr. T ESTER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from 
North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ), the Sen-
ator from Maine (Mr. K ING) and the 
Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E NZI) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act with respect to physician su-
pervision of therapeutic hospital out-patient services. 
S. 265 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 265, a bill to expand opportunity through greater choice in education, and for other purposes. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. R ISCH) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 292, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to re-quire publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes. 
S. 293 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 293, a bill to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain set-tlements. 
S. 294 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
294, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion and celebration of the Pro Foot-ball Hall of Fame. 
S. 295 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 295, a bill to amend section 2259 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 297 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
297, a bill to revive and expand the In-termediate Care Technician Pilot Pro-gram of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 92 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. COONS , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mrs. B OXER , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 302. A bill to establish in the Bu-
reau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBT Peoples; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, 
throughout my career, I have been proud to stand up for equality for all Americans regardless of their sexual 
orientation or gender identity. While I have seen much progress with respect for the rights of the Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, and Transgender, LGBT, com-munity within the United States, the struggle for equality and justice abroad remains significant. Many countries have laws that criminalize homosex-uality, prohibit public support of the LGBT community and persecute those who identify as LGBT. To adequately address the challenges posed by these discriminatory laws, the United States must make LGBT rights a priority in all of our foreign policy and there needs to be dedicated position respon-sible for coordinating that effort. That is why, today, I am introducing the International Human Rights Defense Act of 2015, which directs the Depart-ment of State to make international LGBT human rights a foreign policy priority and would establish a Special Envoy position in the Bureau of De-mocracy, Human Rights, and Labor re-sponsible for coordinating that effort. 
Over the past few years, conditions 
have deteriorated for LGBT individuals in many regions of the world. Russia enacted a ban on arbitrarily-defined ‘‘homosexual propaganda,’’ endan-gering the position of many LGBT indi-viduals and their allies. Russia’s law has been the basis for similar legisla-tion threatened or introduced in coun-tries across Eastern Europe and Cen-tral Asia, including Lithuania, Kyrgyzstan, and Belarus. In December 2013, India’s Supreme Court reversed a lower court ruling and reinstated the criminalization of homosexuality in the second most populous nation on earth. Nigeria, Uganda, and Gambia have all passed laws that make homo-sexuality a crime punishable with life imprisonment. While Uganda’s law was overturned by its Constitutional Court, leaders have pledged to pursue similar legislation. Conditions for transgender individuals are particularly troubling in Brazil, where 113 transgender indi-viduals were murdered in a 1-year pe-riod. 
In light of these alarming develop-
ments, I am introducing the Inter-national Human Rights Defense Act of 2015. It is critical that the United States fight for LGBT equality both at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.028 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S655 January 29, 2015 
home and abroad. The Obama Adminis-
tration has taken great steps in affirm-ing and strengthening the United States’ commitment to LGBT equality as a critical component of our inter-national human rights objectives. How-ever, our government does not yet have a comprehensive strategy for address-ing LGBT discrimination overseas and we lack a central individual office re-sponsible for inter-bureau and inter- agency coordination to achieve these objectives. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. 
NELSON , Mr. H ELLER , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. M ORAN , and 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 304. A bill to improve motor vehi-
cle safety by encouraging the sharing of certain information; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, last year 
we saw an all-time record number of motor vehicle recalls, including those by General Motors, Toyota, Honda, and others. 
The commerce committee held five 
vehicle safety hearings, examining GM ignition switches, Takata airbags, and the related question of whether the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration, or NHTSA, is up to the task of providing effective oversight of the auto industry. 
What is absolutely clear, from our 
hearings and other media coverage, is that we need to ensure potential vehi-cle safety defects are identified as early as possible so we can protect con-sumers and hopefully prevent deaths and injuries. That is why earlier today Senator N
ELSON and I introduced the 
Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act. 
I am pleased to note that Senators 
H
ELLER , M CCASKILL , K LOBUCHAR , 
AYOTTE , MORAN , and B LUMENTHAL have 
cosponsored this important legislation. Senators M
ORAN and B LUMENTHAL  
being added as original cosponsors of this legislation is important because of their respective responsibilities as the chairman and ranking member of our subcommittee on consumer protection, which has played a large role over the years on various automobile safety ef-forts. 
This afternoon I am pleased that 
Senator N
ELSON has joined me on the 
floor as a lead sponsor to discuss this important piece of legislation and our ongoing work on vehicle issues. As the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, one thing that has remained constant on our committee is the spirit of bipartisan-ship. 
With regard to S. 304, the Motor Ve-
hicle Whistleblower Act, this legisla-tion will incentivize auto employees who uncover serious allegations of ve-hicle defects or violations of motor ve-hicle safety laws that could lead to death or serious bodily injury to volun-tarily provide that information to the 
Department of Transportation. 
If such information leads to the De-
partment of Transportation or the De-partment of Justice enforcement ac-tion that totals more than $1 million in penalties, the whistleblower would be eligible to share in a portion of the total penalties collected. This bill will protect the whistleblowers’ identities and allow DOT to share information with the Department of Justice and other Federal agencies where appro-priate. 
Other agencies have similar pro-
grams, including programs that incentivize individuals to report infor-mation to the Securities and Exchange Commission and to the Internal Rev-enue Service. NHTSA plays a key role in ensuring the safety of vehicles that consumers drive on our roadways. Record fines have been levied against Toyota, General Motors, Honda, and other manufacturers. 
In 2014, NHTSA issued more than $126 
million in civil penalties, a record amount, exceeding the total amount collected by the agency in all of its 43- year history. 
Ensuring the safety of American mo-
torists is a priority, but the public’s trust has been shaken due to the record number of recalls this past year. Al-most 64 million vehicles were recalled in 2014, which is about 3 times the num-ber of vehicles recalled in 2013—and the concerns many have about problems in the industry and at NHTSA. 
After my repeated calls on the Presi-
dent to fill what had been a lengthy va-cancy regarding the Administrator po-sition at NHTSA, which operated with-out a Senate-confirmed Administrator for 389 days, I am glad to say the com-merce committee did its job to ensure that Dr. Mark Rosekind was confirmed as Administrator before the end of last year. However, there is much more work that needs to be done. 
The defects associated with the GM 
ignition switch recall and the Takata airbag recalls were apparent failures with serious safety consequences that resulted in death and serious injury. As we learned from the GM incident, delays in reporting safety-related de-fects to the government can cost lives. 
In recent years, Congress has en-
acted, and NHTSA sought to imple-ment, a robust early-reporting regime. I believe we can do more to ensure that NHTSA is informed of potential defects as early as possible. Some of the major automakers and other manufacturers have also instituted or sought to im-prove internal safety reporting systems that encourage employees to report safety problems. 
I applaud these efforts, but reports of 
employees whose concerns may have been ignored, silenced, or possibly even covered up persist. If there are poten-tial whistleblowers with important in-formation to help NHTSA identify 
more defects that are not being ad-dressed, we want them to come forward so these problems can be identified much earlier in the process. I think we would all agree it is better 
to address a problem before injuries or deaths occur, if at all possible, rather than relying primarily on fines im-posed after the fact. This is a common-sense, bipartisan bill that will help to prevent injuries and deaths for Amer-ican drivers. 
NHTSA and other stakeholders have 
provided input on this legislation. I look forward to working with these groups and my colleagues, and particu-larly with Senator N
ELSON , as we move 
forward with the committee to process and pass this legislation. 
I yield the floor to Senator N
ELSON  
for his remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, in light 
of the late hour, just before our votes, I will submit for the R
ECORD a state-
ment which correlates with the chair-man of our committee, and I thank the Senator for so much of his cooperation over last year and all the investiga-tions and the hearings that we did, as well as now. 
What I will say that is new is I will 
provide an update on the status of the committee’s investigation into the de-fective Takata airbags. When we had the hearing last November which I had the privilege of chairing, we received testimony from several witnesses, in-cluding a senior executive from the Takata Corporation, which manufac-tures the airbags involved in the rup-ture and the explosive incidents that basically have lacerated people with pieces of metal. The airbag that is sup-posed to save their lives, in fact, is en-dangering their lives, and in some cases killing them. This has happened to two of my constituents in Florida. 
While the hearing produced some 
basic information about the problem, many questions still remain. 
Senator Rockefeller, then the chair-
man of the committee, other Senators, and I sent a letter to Takata request-ing information and documents related to Takata’s airbag defects. In their ini-tial response provided to the com-mittee in early December, Takata in-cluded a list of all the incidents it was aware of that had allegedly involved a death or injury caused by a ruptured Takata airbag. 
Takata’s response reveals that the 
scope of injuries involved in the Takata airbags appears to be greater than we previously thought. In its ini-tial response, Takata identified 5 deaths and 64 injuries. Although some of these incidents may be ultimately tied to other causes, this potential in-
jury figure is far bigger than what had been reported in the press. Unfortu-nately, 1 death and 17 of these injuries occurred in my State of Florida—more than any other State. Among the al-leged injuries in my State, many were serious, including lacerations and frac-tures to the face, burns to the neck, face, and torso, and traumatic brain in-jury and hearing loss. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.035 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S656 January 29, 2015 
Mr. NELSON. I ask unanimous con-
sent for 1 additional minute to con-clude my statement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Sadly, I have even 
more bad news to report today. Through public information, we have learned that an exploding Takata air-bag appears to be responsible for yet another death. Less than 2 weeks ago, a Texas man who was driving with his 11-year-old cousin was involved in a low-impact crash. When the airbag de-ployed, instead of protecting him, the airbag ruptured and sent a metal piece of shrapnel into the man’s neck. When the police arrived, he was already dead. 
We are awaiting more information 
from Takata and we are determined to get to the bottom of this. 
I look forward to working with the 
chairman on this issue. We plan to con-tinue the investigation until all of our questions have been answered. We are going to do everything possible to get to the bottom of this issue so that con-sumers are made whole. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. 
COCHRAN , and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. 312. A bill to amend the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding school libraries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I 
join with my colleagues Senators C
OCH-
RANand W HITEHOUSE in introducing the 
Strengthening Kids’ Interest in Learn-ing and Libraries, SKILLS, Act. 
Fifty years ago, when President 
Johnson urged Congress to enact what would become the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act, he specifically called for an investment in school li-braries, decrying that school libraries were ‘‘limping along.’’ Results from a recent National Center for Education Statistics survey show that there are still gaps in access to school libraries. Approximately 8,800 schools did not re-port having a library media center, and only about 
2⁄3of the traditional public 
schools that did have libraries reported having a full-time, certified librarian. One in five traditional public schools reported having no paid, State certified library staff at all. 
Effective school library programs are 
essential supports for educational suc-cess. Multiple education and library studies have produced clear evidence that school libraries staffed by quali-fied librarians have a positive impact on student academic achievement. Knowing how to find and use informa-tion are essential skills for college, ca-reers, and life in general. A good school library, staffed by a trained school li-brarian, is where students develop and hone these skills. 
Our bipartisan legislation would re-
authorize and strengthen the Improv-ing Literacy through School Libraries program of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act, the only federal initiative explicitly dedicated to sup-
porting and enhancing our nation’s school libraries. The key improve-ments to the program include ensuring that elementary, middle, and high school students are served; expanding professional development to include digital literacy instruction and reading and writing instruction across all grade levels; focusing on coordination and shared planning time between teachers and librarians; and ensuring that books and materials are appro-priate for and gain the interest of stu-dents with special learning needs, in-cluding English learners. 
The SKILLS Act would also 
strengthen Title I by requiring State and school district plans to address the development of effective school library programs to help students gain digital literacy skills, master the knowledge and skills in the challenging academic content standards adopted by the State, and graduate from high school ready for college and careers. Addition-ally, the legislation would broaden the focus of training, professional develop-ment, and recruitment activities under Title II to include school librarians. 
Absent a clear Federal investment, 
the libraries in many of our high pov-erty schools will languish with out-dated materials and technology or cease to exist at all, and in turn, stu-dents will be cut off from a vital infor-mation hub that connects them to the tools they need to develop critical thinking and research skills necessary for success. This is a true equity issue, which is why I will continue to fight to sustain our Federal investment in this area and why renewing and strength-ening the school library program is of critical importance. 
I urge our colleagues to join us in co-
sponsoring the bipartisan Strength-ening Kids’ Interest in Learning and Libraries Act, and to work together to ensure that it becomes a part of the up-coming reauthorization of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 318. A bill to prioritize funding for 
the National Institutes of Health to discover treatments and cures, to maintain global leadership in medical innovation, and to restore the pur-chasing power the NIH had after the historic doubling campaign that ended in fiscal year 2003; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
I am introducing the Accelerating Bio-medical Research Act. 
The bill allows more funding for the 
National Institutes of Health by allow-ing NIH funding to grow even while we continue to live under austere funding caps. 
NIH funding has been a bipartisan ef-
fort working with Democrats—Sen-ators Kennedy and Harkin, as well as Republicans—Senators Hatfield and Specter. We successfully fought to dou-ble NIH’s budget from $13.6 billion in 1998 to over $30 billion today. We sup-
ported it to speed the transition of dis-coveries from science to treatment and maintain America’s global competi-tiveness. 
But the NIH budget hasn’t kept up 
with inflation. Its budget has been growing, but slowly. That means the NIH budget buys 20 percent less than what it did when the doubling was completed in 2003. Which means we are missing out. Missing out on potential treatments, potential breakthroughs, potential cures. We have no shortage of ideas. Scientists have ideas but they cannot test them without funding. What is the solution? 
We need to redouble our commitment 
to medical research. This bill creates a 6-year plan to put NIH back on stable ground. It is steady growth, it is pre-dictable, and it is fiscally sound. 
The bill allows for new spending for 
NIH that does not count against the strict budget caps. So we can put more money into cures without taking it away from other compelling human needs funded within the Labor-HHS Appropriations bill. 
Why NIH? Why should we have new 
spending for NIH when other spending is stagnant or being cut? Personally, I would lift the sequester caps. I think they are doing real harm, but I recog-nize we do not all agree on that. I think we do all agree that NIH re-search is worth increasing because it both helps the economy and saves lives. 
First, let me talk about how NIH 
helps the economy. The NIH is a world- class institution. I call it the National Institutes of Hope, serving as the foun-dation for U.S. medical innovation which employs 1 million U.S. citizens, including 19,000 at NIH and 14,000 NIH employees who live in Maryland. NIH generates $84 billion in wages and sala-ries, exports $90 billion in goods and services. Every dollar we invest in NIH generates $2–$3 in economic activity. Every patent NIH generates provides the foundation for 8 private sector pat-ents. In 2013, products built on licensed NIH and FDA inventions reported a total of $7 billion in sales. Investing in NIH is good for our economy 
But I do not call NIH the National 
Institutes of Hope because of its eco-nomic impact. NIH gives hope because of its human impact. Just look at what we have done with Federal investments in NIH, cutting the cancer death rate by 11 percent in women and 19 percent in men. HIV/AIDS is no longer a death sentence. Polio and small pox are es-sentially eradicated in this country. 
These medical breakthroughs did not 
just happen. They occurred because our government supported the NIH. And because the NIH supported dedicated scientists seeking knowledge and med-ical breakthroughs. 
And now, that support is being erod-
ed. 
I have heard the American people 
say, they want Congress to be frugal. But I haven’t heard anyone say: ‘‘Let’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.038 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S657 January 29, 2015 
delay finding a way to prevent Alz-
heimer’s’’ or ‘‘Let’s encourage our young scientists to work abroad’’ or ‘‘Let’s put a hold on finding a cure for cancer’’ or ‘‘Let’s discourage our uni-versities from researching treatments for rare pediatric tumors’’. 
I am for being frugal but we must not 
jeopardize or hamper America as the gold standard, as the worldwide leader in medical research and innovation. 
I am for being frugal but not at the 
expense of the next generation of sci-entists and the health of American families. 
Discovery is the genius of our coun-
try. When President Jefferson commis-sioned Lewis and Clark to find water route to the Pacific, the mission was called discovery. Discovery is part of our Nation’s DNA. It is what makes this Nation great. 
To have innovation we must have 
discovery. This requires: Investing in our human capital, educating our peo-ple, and funding their research. That is why I support funding for NIH. And that is why I am introducing the Accel-erating Biomedical Research Act today. 
I hope my colleagues will agree and 
support this bill. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself 
and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): 
S. 319. A bill to designate a mountain 
in the State of Alaska as Mount Denali; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
rise today to reintroduce legislation which has been proposed in the past by the Alaska Congressional Delegation to officially restore the traditional name of the nation’s highest peak, currently Mount McKinley, to its traditional In-terior Alaska Athabascan name, Denali.’ I am joined in sponsoring this bill by my colleague from Alaska, Sen-ator D
ANSULLIVAN . 
Since passage of the Alaska National 
Interest Lands Conservation Act in 1980 the Alaska Delegation has been trying to change the name of the tall-est mountain in North America back to its Alaska name. In 1980 Congress did change the name of the national park and preserve where the mountain is lo-cated to Denali National Park and Pre-serve, from its earlier name of Mt. McKinley National Park. But unfortu-nately the name of the peak itself con-tinues to refer to a President who never set foot in Alaska. 
While I have great respect for Presi-
dent William McKinley and great re-spect for the wonderful State of Ohio where he was born, the peak at 20,230 feet has always been called by Alaska’s first Athabascan residents as Denali, meaning ‘‘the high one.’’ It is simply fitting in this day and age of greater awareness of Native history that the mountain return to a name that honors its Native ancestry. 
Already there are a number of towns 
and institutions named in honor of the 25th President. He has a monument for him at his birthplace in Niles, OH, and 
another on McKinley Monument Drive where the McKinley National Monu-ment is located, not far from the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton, OH. There is McKinley Heights in Ohio. There are more than 20 schools in Ohio named for him. There is a county in New Mexico named after him. There are literally hundreds of streets, librar-ies and other institutions and busi-nesses named for him nationwide. There is no danger than Americans will not remember and honor the assas-sinated President. 
But no official in the territory of 
Alaska actually named the nation’s tallest mountain after the former President. That was done by a pros-pector William Dickey, who took it upon himself to name the peak in 1896. The Alaska State Place Names Board in 1975 took official state action to re-name the peak, restoring its tradi-tional name of Denali. I clearly believe that there is every reason for this Con-gress to follow Alaskans’ desires and the desires of Native Americans and re-store the name to the English trans-lation of what it has been called for millennia, on Federal maps and docu-ments. 
I hope that this Congress will finally 
agree to this name change. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. 
BALDWIN ): 
S. 320. A bill to authorize the collec-
tion of supplemental payments to in-crease congressional investments in medical research, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to announce the in-troduction of the Medical Innovation Act, which is a commonsense proposal that could dramatically increase our Nation’s investment in lifesaving med-ical research. 
During much of the 20th century, 
America made significant investments in this area through the National Insti-tutes of Health, and it has been a re-markable success. We have trans-formed medicine across America and around the world. NIH support helps train each new generation of scientists and develop each new generation of medicine. NIH-supported discoveries often get picked up by small, creative, nimble biotechnology companies, which in turn get picked up by large pharmaceutical companies, which in turn sometimes result in wildly suc-cessful blockbuster drugs. Each of these blockbuster drugs brings in more than $1 billion a year for the drug com-panies, and each one transforms lives. 
Nearly everyone in Congress supports 
increased funding for NIH, but for 10 years the NIH budget hasn’t even kept up with the pace of inflation. Why? Be-cause nobody wants to step up and find a way to pay for it. 
It is time to break the stalemate. 
The Medical Innovation Act would in-crease NIH funding without raising 
taxes and without stealing support from other critical programs. Instead, support would come from blockbuster drug companies—only those that relied on government-supported research to generate billions in sales and only those that break the law and enter into major settlement agreements with the government. In such cases, the govern-ment settlements would go forward as they normally do, but the offending company would also be required to re-invest a relatively small portion of the profits it has generated as a result of taxpayer-supported research and put that money right back into the NIH. 
We celebrate the accomplishments of 
our pharmaceutical industry—espe-cially the industry’s billion-dollar blockbuster drugs. These drugs have literally transformed the treatment of high cholesterol, diabetes, HIV, asth-ma, rheumatoid arthritis, breast can-cer, colon cancer, and leukemia. They help Americans live longer, healthier lives. But we also know that block-buster drugs don’t just appear over-night as if by magic. Rarely do they re-sult from a single giant company’s in-dividual genius. 
I agree with Republican Senators 
Alexander and Burr, who say in a re-port released just this morning: 
[I]n many cases, the research leading to 
the discovery and development of these prod-ucts has been advanced, funded, or enabled in some way by NIH. 
Drug companies make great con-
tributions, but so do taxpayers. 
The big drug companies are making 
billions as a result of these invest-ments, but over the last 10 years a few of our wealthiest drug companies have been caught making money a second way—by skirting the law. These com-panies are not getting swept up in minor paperwork mistakes. They are not victims of overly eager regulators. They have been caught defrauding Medicare and Medicaid, withholding critical safety information about their drugs, marketing their drugs for uses that aren’t approved, and giving doc-tors kickbacks for writing prescrip-tions for their drugs. 
Between 2007 and 2012 the world’s 
largest pharmaceutical companies paid over $13 billion in fines and settle-ments. Despite those numbers, it is clear that for the biggest drug compa-nies this is simply a cost of doing busi-ness. In fact, several of the biggest drug companies have been caught breaking the law, have paid a fine, and then have broken the law again. And why not? Even the biggest pharma-ceutical settlement ever—a $3 billion penalty for withholding life-threat-ening safety data and engaging in ille-gal marketing practices—accounted for less than 10 percent of what the com-pany made selling those drugs. In fact, the day the settlement was announced, that company’s stock price actually went up. 
It doesn’t have to be this way. The 
Medical Innovation Act would serve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.041 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S658 January 29, 2015 
double duty—requiring more account-
ability from the biggest drug compa-nies while giving medical research the support it deserves. 
This isn’t a tax; it is simply a condi-
tion of settling to avoid a trial in a major case of wrongdoing. If a com-pany never breaks the law, it will never pay. If an accused company goes to trial instead of settling out of court, it will never pay. It is more like a swear jar. Whenever a huge drug com-pany that is generating enormous prof-its as a result of Federal research in-vestments breaks the law, it has to put some money in the jar to help fund the next generation of medical research. 
Since we announced this proposal, we 
have seen an outpouring of support from hospitals, doctors, patient groups, and research universities. All of them want to break the stalemate on NIH funding and get back to the business of saving lives. 
We have also heard some grumbling 
from the army of lobbyists that works for some of the biggest drug compa-nies—companies that would prefer not to pay a bigger penalty when they break the law. If they have better ideas for ending this congressional stalemate and getting more money into NIH, I am eager to hear them. 
These lobbyists have also claimed 
that there is ‘‘no logical basis’’ for ask-ing these companies to pay up when they break the law. Well, I disagree. If a company that is making literally bil-lions of dollars as a result of taxpayers’ NIH investments turns around and en-gages in allegedly illegal conduct and wants to settle to make the case go away, that seems like a pretty logical basis for asking them to invest a little in the next generation of medical breakthroughs. 
Lobbyists have also written that the 
Medical Innovation Act might create ‘‘unnecessary litigation.’’ Well, it is il-legal to defraud Medicare. It is illegal to pay kickbacks to doctors. It is ille-gal to hide safety data from the FDA or manufacture drugs in dirty, con-taminated facilities. Our biggest and most successful drug companies make billions of dollars by inventing treat-ments and improving the public’s health, and when they do, we applaud them for it. But if they want to avoid unnecessary litigation, then they should follow the law. If they don’t want to put a dollar in the swear jar, then stop swearing. 
I don’t kid myself. I know how dif-
ficult it is to get things done in Wash-ington, and I understand that a handful of powerful actors with money and power likes things just the way they are and will fight any effort to change. But even if a few of the biggest drug companies don’t like it, I am hopeful that we can build support for this idea because the Medical Innovation Act is a major move toward substantially in-creasing Federal support for medical research in a way that doesn’t raise taxes and doesn’t cut other critical programs. If this policy had been in place over 
the past 5 years, NIH would have had nearly $6 billion more every year to fund thousands of new grants to sci-entists and universities and research centers around the country. That is al-most a 20-percent increase in NIH fund-ing. 
It has been 10 years of stagnant Fed-
eral investments followed by sequester cuts, 10 years of rejecting potentially life-changing research proposals at NIH, 10 years of telling young research-ers that their innovative ideas have al-most no chance of getting off the ground. We are running out of time. 
Today we are choking off support for 
projects that could lead to the next major breakthrough against cancer, heart disease, Ebola, Alzheimer’s, dia-betes, or other deadly conditions. We are starving projects that would trans-form the lives of our children on the autism spectrum. We are suffocating breakthrough ideas that would give new hope to those with ALS. 
That is not who we are. We are not a 
nation that abandons the sick. And we are not a nation that says, ‘‘I’ve got mine, the rest of you are on your own.’’ We are a nation of people who work to-gether. We are a nation of people who invest in each other. We have done it for generations—and for generations we have led the world in medical inno-vation. 
It is time to renew that commit-
ment—our commitment to our chil-dren, our commitment to our parents, our commitment to ourselves, by mak-ing it a little easier for the biggest drug companies to help develop the next generation of cures and making it a little harder for them to profit from breaking the law and defrauding tax-payers. It is time to pass the Medical Innovation Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 53—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERV-ICES, 
Mr. M
CCAIN submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on Armed Services; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration: 
S. R ES. 53 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Armed Services (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘com-mittee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; (2) employ personnel; and 
(3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,783,845, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $46,667 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $17,500 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this resolution shall not exceed $6,486,591, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $80,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $30,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,702,746, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $33,334 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $12,500 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.039 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S659 January 29, 2015 
account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-
tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 54—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON RULES AND AD-MINISTRATION 
Mr. BLUNT submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on Rules and Administration; which was placed on the calendar: 
S. R ES. 54 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discre-tion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $1,375,819, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $43,750 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $7,000 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this section shall not exceed $2,358,546, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $75,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $12,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this section shall not exceed $982,728, of which amount— (1) not to exceed $31,250 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $5,000 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper, United States Senate. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 55—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTEL-LIGENCE 
Mr. BURR submitted the following 
resolution; from the Select Committee on Intelligence; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration: 
S. R ES. 55 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under S. Res. 400, agreed to May 19, 1976 (94th Congress), as amended by S. Res. 445, agreed to October 9, 2004 (108th Con-gress), in accordance with its jurisdiction under sections 3(a) and 17 of such S. Res. 400, including holding hearings, reporting such hearings, and making investigations as au-thorized by section 5 of such S. Res. 400, the Select Committee on Intelligence (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through Feb-ruary 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— (1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,217,448, of which amount not to exceed $10,000 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this section shall not exceed $5,515,626, of which amount not to exceed $17,144 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by sec-tion 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,298,177, of which amount not to exceed $7,143 may be expended for the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by sec-tion 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.043 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S660 January 29, 2015 
SENATE RESOLUTION 56—DESIG-
NATING JANUARY 2015 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL BLOOD DONOR MONTH’’ 
Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Ms. 
W
ARREN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 56 
Whereas America’s Blood Centers, AABB, 
and the American Red Cross unite to des-ignate January 2015 as ‘‘National Blood Donor Month’’; 
Whereas donating 1 unit of blood helps to 
save as many as 3 lives; 
Whereas blood donors are an integral part 
of the health system and national public health preparedness initiatives in the United States; 
Whereas blood and blood products are crit-
ical national resources and vital public health assets that must be readily available at all times; 
Whereas every 2 seconds, a person in the 
United States needs blood for lifesaving treatment in an emergency or a disaster, a routine surgery, a blood transfusion to help treat a serious disease like cancer, or an organ or bone marrow transplant; 
Whereas 1 in 7 patients who enter a hos-
pital in the United States needs blood; 
Whereas more than 20,000,000 blood compo-
nents are used in transfusions every year in the United States; 
Whereas more than 39,000 units of blood are 
needed each day in the United States to maintain a safe and adequate blood supply; 
Whereas 9,200,000 donors give blood each 
year in the United States; 
Whereas approximately 38 percent of the 
Unites States population is eligible to give blood, but less than 10 percent of the eligible population donates blood on an annual basis; 
Whereas blood transfusions require gen-
erous and altruistic volunteer donors; 
Whereas it is vital that the blood donation 
policies, including donor deferral policies, in the United States keep pace with medical science to ensure that the United States has a robust, eligible population of donors to maintain a safe and adequate blood supply; and 
Whereas America’s Blood Centers, AABB, 
and the American Red Cross support and per-form critical services collecting, processing, and distributing lifesaving blood and blood products to hospitals and health providers, and are instrumental in ensuring the safety of the blood supply and promoting the need for blood donations: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates January 2015 as ‘‘National 
Blood Donor Month’’; 
(2) acknowledges the important role of vol-
unteer blood donors in protecting the health and emergency preparedness security of the 
United States; 
(3) recognizes the need to promote a safe, 
stable blood supply and to increase volunteer participation of blood donors; 
(4) endorses efforts to update blood dona-
tion policies in a safe and scientifically sound manner to maintain an adequate blood supply; and 
(5) recognizes the roles of America’s Blood 
Centers, AABB, and the American Red Cross in ensuring the safety of the blood supply in the United States and delivering lifesaving blood and blood products to health providers and patients. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 57—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET 
Mr. ENZI submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on the Budget; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 57 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on the Budget (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through Feb-ruary 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,534,372, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $35,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $21,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this resolution shall not exceed $6,058,924, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $60,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $36,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,524,552, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $25,000 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $15,000 may be expended 
for the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. (2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 58—RECOG-
NIZING JANUARY 2015 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL MENTORING MONTH’’ 
Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. 
BROWN ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 58 
Whereas in 2002, the Harvard School of 
Public Health and MENTOR: the National Mentoring Partnership created National Mentoring Month; 
Whereas the goals of National Mentoring 
Month are to raise awareness of mentoring, recruit individuals to serve as mentors, and encourage organizations to engage and inte-grate quality in mentoring into their efforts; 
Whereas a mentor is a caring, consistent 
presence who devotes time to a young person to help that young person discover personal strength and achieve his or her potential through a structured and trusting relation-ship; 
Whereas quality mentoring encourages 
positive choices, promotes self-esteem, sup-ports academic achievement and introduces young people to new ideas; 
Whereas mentoring programs have been 
shown to be effective in combating school vi-olence and discipline problems, substance abuse, incarceration and truancy; 
Whereas research shows that young people 
who were at risk for not completing high school but who had a mentor were 55 percent more likely to be enrolled in college, 81 per-cent more likely to report participating reg-ularly in sports or extracurricular activities, more than twice as likely to say they held a leadership position in a club or sports team, and 78 percent more likely to volunteer regu-larly in their communities than young peo-ple who were at risk for not completing high school and who did not have a mentor; 
Whereas youth development experts agree 
that mentoring is critical to the social, emo-tional, and cognitive development of youth, 
helping them navigate the path to adulthood more successfully; 
Whereas mentors help young people set ca-
reer goals and use their personal contacts to help young people meet industry profes-sionals and find jobs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.046 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S661 January 29, 2015 
Whereas mentoring is a proven cost-effec-
tive investment: for every dollar invested in mentoring, there is a 3-dollar return to soci-ety; 
Whereas all of the above-listed benefits 
serve to link youth to economic opportunity while also strengthening the fiber of our communities; and 
Whereas despite these benefits, 1 in 3 youth 
will reach age 19 without a mentor, consti-tuting a ‘‘mentoring gap’’ that demonstrates a need for collaboration and resources: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes January 2015 as ‘‘National 
Mentoring Month’’; 
(2) recognizes the men and women who 
serve as staff and volunteers at quality men-toring programs and who help our young people find inner strength and reach their full potential; 
(3) acknowledges that mentoring is bene-
ficial because it encourages educational achievement, reduces juvenile delinquency, improves life outcomes, and strengthens communities; 
(4) promotes the creation and expansion of 
quality mentoring programs across the coun-try to equip young people with the tools needed to lead healthy and productive lives; and 
(5) supports initiatives to close the ‘‘men-
toring gap’’. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 248. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 245 submitted by Mr. B
AR-
RASSO to the bill S. 1, to approve the Key-
stone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 248. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 245 submitted by Mr. B
ARRASSO to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES. 
Nothing in this Act relieves the United 
States of its responsibility to consult with Indian nations as required under executive order 13175 (67 Fed. Reg. 67249) (November 6, 2000). 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a subcommittee hearing entitled, ‘‘Improving the Performance of our Transportation Networks: Stakeholder Perspectives’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Employer Wellness Programs: Better Health Outcomes and Lower Costs.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on January 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building to continue a hearing entitled ‘‘Attorney General Nomination.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The majority leader. EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate immediately proceed to executive session to consider the following nomi-nations on today’s Executive Calendar: Calendar No. 5 and all nominations on the Secretary’s desk; I further ask unanimous consent that the nomina-tions be confirmed en bloc, the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table, the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then return to legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officers for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Colonel Tony D. Bauernfeind 
Colonel Vincent K. Becklund Colonel Steven J. Bleymaier Colonel Richard A. Coe Colonel William T. Cooley Colonel Barry R. Cornish Colonel Christopher E. Craige Colonel Andrew A. Croft Colonel Allan E. Day Colonel Trent H. Edward Colonel Andrew J. Gebara Colonel Gerald V. Goodfellow Colonel John R. Gordy, II Colonel Stacey T. Hawkins Colonel Cameron G. Holt Colonel Kevin A. Huyck Colonel James A. Jacobson Colonel Darren V. James Colonel David J. Julazadeh Colonel Kevin B. Kennedy Colonel Chad T. Manske Colonel Michael A. Minihan Colonel Wayne R. Monteith Colonel Daniel J. Orcutt Colonel Lenny J. Richoux Colonel Carl E. Schaefer Colonel John E. Shaw Colonel Brad M. Sullivan Colonel Billy D. Thompson Colonel Paul A. Welch Colonel William P. West 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK  
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN73 AIR FORCE nomination of Rodrick 
A. Koch, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN74 AIR FORCE nomination of James F. 
Richey, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 13, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
PN78 MARINE CORPS nominations (3) be-
ginning MORRIS A. DESIMONE, III, and ending ANDREW R. STRAUSS, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Janu-ary 13, 2015. 
PN79 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) be-
ginning STEVEN P. HULSE, and ending AN-THONY C. LYONS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 13, 2015. 
PN81 MARINE CORPS nomination of Brian 
L. White, which was received by the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.047 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S662 January 29, 2015 
and appeared in the Congressional Record of 
January 13, 2015. 
PN83 MARINE CORPS nominations (2) be-
ginning STEVEN R. LUCAS, and ending JAMES N. SHELSTAD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of January 13, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
NATIONAL MENTORING MONTH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 58, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The assistant bill clerk read as fol-
lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 58) recognizing Janu-
ary 2015 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 58) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, JANUARY 
30, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:30 a.m. Friday, Janu-ary 30. I ask that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and that the Senate then be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator B
ROWN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROB LEHMAN AND 
LUKE ALBEE 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor a couple of people with Ohio ties who have dedicated much of their careers to public service, Rob Lehman and Luke Albee. Rob Lehman served more than two decades on Cap-itol Hill and in the executive branch most recently, and that is when I got to know and work with him as chief of staff to my colleague from Ohio, Sen-ator R
OBPORTMAN . Rob Lehman served 
as chief of staff when Senator P ORTMAN  
was the U.S. Trade Representative, so he understands why trade and enforce-ment of trade rules are such important issues to a State such as Ohio. 
He was helpful when Senator 
P
ORTMAN and I testified together be-
fore the International Trade Commis-sion on behalf of Ohio Steelworkers. Fortunately, in this case the ruling was on the side of Ohio manufacturers. In some cases China and now in other cases Korea have not played fair and have broken trade rules. Rob Lehman provided breadth and insight to Sen-ator P
ORTMAN on this issue and so 
many others that are important to Ohio during my colleague’s 4 years in the Senate. 
I wish to also honor Luke Albee. 
Luke is a native Ohioan and long time Senate aide. He is a Cleveland native and, like myself, a die-hard Cleveland Indians fan. 
Luke Albee had a long tenure in the 
office of Senator P
ATRICK LEAHY of 
Vermont, rising from an entry-level po-sition to become his chief of staff. He served in the same role—which he is about to leave—for my colleague Sen-ator M
ARK WARNER of Virginia. He 
began in Senator L EAHY ’s office an-
swering mail and later guided the of-fice through the September 11 attacks, the anthrax discovery on Capitol Hill, and other memorable events while chief of staff—like a 5-hour dinner with Senator L
EAHY and Fidel Castro while 
on a trip to Cuba in 1999. Like Rob Leh-man, Luke Albee likes to bring people together and reach common ground so the Senate can move forward the way it should. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARK POWDEN 
Mr. BROWN. I wish to also say a few 
words about another career public serv-ant. He is not leaving public service, but he is leaving the chief of staff’s po-sition in my office. Mark Powden has been my chief of staff since 2009. He started with Senator Jeffords when Senator Jeffords was a Republican and then became an Independent. 
Mark Powden grew up in Vermont, 
where he worked for his own State con-gressman and senator. Mark later be-came the staff director for the Repub-
licans. In fact, he was the staff director for the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee as it went through its transition to a new name. He was with Senator Jeffords when Senator Jeffords switched parties in 2001. 
Mark, as I said, has served as my 
chief of staff for more than 6 years now and will move over and be the staff di-rector for the banking committee. At the same time, he will take with him Graham Steele, who served ably as my legislative assistant, and will also take his assistant Megan Cheney to the banking committee. Graham will be chief counsel, and Megan will be a leg-islative aide in the Senate banking committee. 
My thanks especially to Mark 
Powden for the terrific work he has done as my chief of staff, and I am thrilled he is going to stay with me to do the very important job of staff di-rector as I become ranking member of the Senate banking committee. 
f 
EARNED INCOME TAX CREDIT 
AWARENESS DAY 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, tomor-
row, Friday, January 30, is Earned In-come Tax Credit Awareness Day. It is a day to highlight a vital tool for Ameri-cans working—and I emphasize ‘‘work-ing’’—their way out of poverty. 
Too many Americans work hard, play 
by the rules, take responsibility for their lives, but simply can’t get ahead. They are in low-wage jobs—sometimes two low-wage jobs—and don’t really have much opportunity where they live or due to their circumstances to get a job that pays closer to a living wage. There are millions of Americans living in this situation. The EITC helps pro-vide for their children, to build eco-nomic security to allow them to pursue the American dream. 
Signed into law in 1975, expanded by 
every single President since then, the EITC was created to make sure we have a tax system that provides an in-centive to work. That is what it has done. 
EITC’s expansion in the 1990s led 
more than half a million single moth-ers to move from cash welfare assist-ance to work, making it twice as effec-tive—without the side effects, I might add—as welfare reform. Since its cre-ation, EITC has lifted more children above the poverty line than any other government program. 
I will emphasize that it rewards 
work, most importantly. In 2012, 28 million American households—almost 1 million from my State of Ohio—bene-fited from the EITC with an average credit of more than $2,300. 
I met Juanalicia Duran in Cleveland 
last year. She told me she lives pay-check to paycheck not because she overspends, not because she is irrespon-sible, but simply because she does not make a lot of money. She said receiv-ing the EITC is the one time of year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.057 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S663 January 29, 2015 
she pays off her bills. She is barely 
making it, getting a little bit behind week after week, month after month, then she gets that check of—I don’t know how much Juanalicia Duran gets, but on average she gets a check for a little over $2,000. It helps her to pay her bills and maybe get a little bit ahead. 
Rosa Olea of Toledo works as a man-
ager of a fast food restaurant and makes $9.35 an hour. Imagine that—a manager of a restaurant making $9.35 an hour. She said her family struggles to pay bills. The EITC has been a life-saver since she found out about it through her local VITA center. 
There are thousands of stories like 
this, and we hear hundreds and some-times thousands of them from Ohioans. 
In last week’s State of the Union Ad-
dress, President Obama laid out plans to reform the Tax Code by making the current earned-income tax credit and child tax credit permanent by expand-ing credit for middle-class families to raise children and save for retirement. Some in this town responded—not sur-prisingly—by saying that reforming the Tax Code starts with cutting taxes for big business. Think about that. 
Most of the time, I hear people in 
this town—people with good titles, paid well, dressed well, getting a good gov-ernment pension and health care bene-fits—say that the first thing we need to do with tax reform is lower the cor-porate tax rate. It is all about trickle- down economics. You cut taxes on big companies, you cut taxes on the wealthy, and maybe it will trickle down and help workers and families. 
Well, the experience of the last 25 
years doesn’t really say that. The one time we tried trickle-down for a dec-ade—from 2000 to 2010—we had no net private sector job gain in this country. Zero. But when we tried focusing on the middle class and growing the econ-omy from the middle out during the Clinton years, we had a 22-million—it may have been almost 23 million—pri-vate sector net increase in jobs. And since the auto rescue, when we have fo-cused on the middle class for the last 5 or 6 years by building the economy out, we have had job growth for 56 or 57 months in a row. 
If we are going to reform the Tax 
Code, we need to draw a line in the sand: No tax breaks for corporations without tax breaks first for working families. 
There is one glaring hole with the 
earned-income tax credit. Under cur-rent law, workers without children who are making minimum wage barely re-ceive any EITC. Childless workers under 25 don’t qualify at all. That makes young people and workers with-out children the only group who can be taxed deeper into poverty. 
My State of the Union guest was 
Jason Jacobs, a Cincinnati resident and paraprofessional. He is a college graduate. He went to Ohio University. He has a degree to teach. He has not found a full-time teaching job. He is a paraprofessional in the West Clermont 
School District who works with special needs students and does the kinds of things people should be rewarded for. 
Last year he made less than $16,000. I believe he is paid hourly. He is obvi-ously not paid in the summer. He is not paid on nonschool days. Because he doesn’t have children, he will miss out on this critical tax credit. 
That is why my legislation, the 
Working Families Tax Relief Act, will nearly triple the size of the earned-in-come tax credit for workers without children, expand access to young work-ers, and will make permanent enhance-ments to the EITC to 2017. 
We know what this will do. We know 
that children from low-income families where the families are eligible and qualify and earn the EITC—and I say earned the earned-income tax credit. That is why it is called earned—be-cause these are always working fami-lies who are playing by the rules, doing the right thing, and taking responsi-bility. We know that children from families who have earned the EITC have higher test scores, higher high school graduation rates, and higher college attendance rates. Expanding EITC means more people attending col-lege and more people getting GEDs. It means working more hours and higher salaries. Why wouldn’t we invest in the earned-income tax credit? It means stronger communities. 
If we fail to act to renew the provi-
sions that expire in 2017, 50 million Americans would lose all or part of the EITC and CTC—50 million Americans who are doing the right thing. They are working hard and taking responsibility for their lives. We would just give up on them? We would be glad to do cor-porate tax breaks, but we would give up on the 50 million working Ameri-cans? 
Sixteen million of them—including 8 
million children, if we don’t renew— will be pushed into poverty or deeper into the poverty they are already in. It is the worst kind of class warfare aimed at working families. These workers need help to get out of pov-erty, not to be taxed into it. 
Renewing the expanded EITC will 
help so many people in this country. It is not just the right thing to do; it is the smart thing to do because it will bring more wealth to our communities. They will spend the money locally. It will help small businesses, and it will make a big difference in a lot of lives. 
While we work to renew and expand 
this program, I encourage Ohioans who may be eligible for the EITC to visit the IRS Web site irs.gov or call 1–800– 906–9887 or find a local Volunteer In-come Tax Assistance Center, VITA. It is a vital and free resource for working families. 
To receive EITC, all you have to do is 
file your taxes. That is it. You have earned it; just ask for it. Spread the word about EITC. It is a bridge out of poverty and serves millions of Amer-ican families across Ohio and across the Nation. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:54 p.m., 
adjourned until Friday, January 30, 2015, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
MANSON K. BROWN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO 
BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, VICE KATHRYN D. SULLIVAN, RESIGNED. 
FEDERAL MARITIME COMMISSION  
WILLIAM P. DOYLE, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A FED-
ERAL MARITIME COMMISSIONER FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2018. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
GENTRY O. SMITH, OF NORTH CAROLINA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE OFFICE OF FOREIGN MISSIONS, AND TO HAVE THE RANK OF AM-BASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE, VICE ERIC J. BOSWELL, RESIGNED. 
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND  
JANET L. YELLEN, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES ALTERNATE GOVERNOR OF THE INTER-NATIONAL MONETARY FUND FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE BEN S. BERNANKE, TERM EXPIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
KIRSTEN E. DELAMBO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SALVATORE PELLIGRA 
To be major 
REBECCA A. BIRD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR REGULAR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TION 531: 
To be major 
DELL P. DUNN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
LATRISE P. SEARSON–NORRIS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
FRED J. BURPO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PAUL A. BRISSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
MIKELLE J. ADAMCZYK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT G. HALE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR REGULAR 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G29JA6.062 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S664 January 29, 2015 
To be major 
JOHN M. GILLIS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER TO THE GRADE INDI-
CATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ANDRE M. TAKACS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
INES H. BERGER 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
RACHEL A. PASSMORE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-
MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JUSTIN R. MILLER JAMES R. SAULLO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CANDIDA A. FERGUSON 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
TODD S. LEVANT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JENNIFER L. BORSTELMANN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
RICHARD R. BARBER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
ROBERT S. THOMPSON 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL J. CORRADO JULIA S. HUNT SCOTT A. MEEHAN BRANDON W. SHEARER ADAM T. STRICKLAND CRAIG C. ULLMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RORY L. ALDRIDGE RICHARD J. ALLAIN JEREMY D. ANZEVINO MICHAEL W. ARMISTEAD JAMES W. BAUCH BENJAMIN A. BEARD RUSSELL W. BECKER MICHAEL A. BECKHART PAUL G. BEEMAN MELANIE R. BELLCARTER DAVID J. BENNETT JEFFREY P. BENTZ JASON B. BERG CHRISTOPHER G. BLALOCK MICHAEL P. BRENNAN JEREMY D. BROCKMEIER CHRISTOPHER P. BROWN JONATHAN F. BROWN WILLIAM P. BROWN, JR. TATE A. BUNTZ BRENDAN C. BURKS KIRK J. BUSH LEROY B. BUTLER PATRICK B. BYRNE PABLO J. CABRERA FRANCISCO A. CACERES JONATHAN L. CAMARILLO KEVIN A. CAMPBELL STEPHEN J. CARL, JR. BRODIE R. CARMICHAEL 
EDWARD H. CARPENTER SEAN P. CARROLL DANIEL T. CELOTTO ADRIAN R. CHAMBERS MATTHEW C. CHAMBLISS MELISSA D. CHESTNUT KEVIN M. CHUNN ERICK T. CLARK CRAIG M. CLARKSON II WILLIAM G. CLESTER SCOTT A. CLIPPINGER RIGOBERTO G. COLON RYAN B. COLVERT STEPHEN J. CONLEY CHRISTOPHER F. CRIM RICHARD J. CUSHING MATTHEW J. CUTLER PETER E. DAHL JEFFREY S. DECKER JACKSON T. DOAN AARON M. DOTY DANIEL J. DROSTE JAYSON L. DURDEN JASON D. EGAN PATRICK F. ELDRIDGE JOHN A. FALLON KARIN R. FITZGERALD IAN C. FLETCHER JASON S. FREEBY FRANKLIN H. FREEMAN CHARLES W. FRETWELL SHAYNE M. FREY DANIEL J. GASKELL JOHN M. GIANNELLA JOHN C. GIANOPOULOS BRYANT O. GILCHRIST KENNETH K. GOEDECKE PAUL J. GOGUEN RONNIE L. GOODE II GREGORY P. GORDON 
WILLIAM A. GRANT III ERIC L. GRIGGS KEVIN S. GRINDEL JASON S. GUTTENBERG JOHN W. HALL KEVIN J. HALPIN DOMINIC J. HARRIS BENJAMIN B. HARRISON JOHN F. HAVENER III JOHN K. HENDERSON RONNEY HERRERA JEREMIE N. HESTER CORNELIUS D. HICKEY NATHAN J. HILL PAUL J. HILLIARD RANDALL L. HORNER TIMOTHY F. HOUGH DAVID M. HUDOCK PAUL C. HUDSON ANDRE M. INGRAM JOSEPH R. JACKSON GALEN T. JAMES JOSEPH M. JENNINGS ADAM L. JEPPE REX G. JONES, JR. JAMES T. KAY MICHAEL P. KELLEY GHYNO G. KELLMAN RORY D. KENT ADAM M. KING DAVID W. LABALLE II JASON C. LANG BRADLEY M. LEDBETTER BRYAN D. LIESKE PATRICK S. LINDSTROM JOSEPH M. LIZARRAGA TROY T. LOWE MATTHEW D. LUNDGREN SETH W. MACCUTCHEON ALASDAIR B. MACKAY MARCUS J. MAINZ NICOLE A. MANN NICHOLAS A. MARCIANO OSCAR MARIN, JR. JOHN A. MARKSBURY RICHARD M. MARTIN NICHOLAS A. MARTZ PERRY D. MAURER, JR. TODD D. MCCARTHY RYAN R. MCCASKILL DONALD M. MCCOWAN THOMAS B. MCGEE BRETT T. MCGINLEY BRETT W. MCGREGOR BRIAN D. MCLEAN WINSTON G. MCMILLAN RUGSITHI D. MEELARP DOUGLAS R. MILLER RICHARD C. MITCHELL WILLIAM J. MITCHELL EDDIE MOSS, JR. SEAN P. MULLEN JENNIFER A. NASH WILLIAM H. NASH DAVID M. OBRIEN ROGELIO S. OREGON JACK D. PEARCE TRACY A. PERRY SOULYNAMMA D. PHARATHIKOUNE TYLER L. PHIPPS ERIC J. PIPER STEPHEN M. PIRROTTA BOLIVAR P. PLUAS JOHN P. PRICE BRENT C. PURCELL ALAN L. RAMSEY JOSEPH W. RAY 
SCOTTIE S. REDDEN CHRISTOPHER J. REHWALDT GEORGE F. RENIERS MARCUS J. REYNOLDS THOMAS E. RICHARDS III RODNEY C. RODRIGUEZ CHRISTOPHER P. ROY JASON M. RUEDI DEVIN A. RULLMAN CHRISTIAN S. RUWE JEREMIAH SALAME DANE A. SALM BRADLEY J. SAMS GLENN D. SAVAGE MARK T. SCHNAKENBERG DANIEL W. SCHNICK PETER L. SCHNURR TOD A. SCHROEDER ALAN L. SCHULLER STEVEN E. SCHULTZE AARON J. SCHWARTZ CASEY D. SHEA THOMAS N. SIBLEY THOMAS M. SIVERTS JOSHUA M. SMITH NOAH M. SPATARO MICHAEL A. SPEARS SCOTT A. STAHL MATTHEW L. STEELE JARED K. STONE BRENDAN P. SULLIVAN ALLEN E. SZCZEPEK, JR. KOICHI TAKAGI TIMOTHY S. TAYLOR KOHTARO TERAHIRA JEREMY W. THOMPSON DUSTIN R. THORN KEITH P. TIGHE CHRISTOPHER B. TIMOTHY KARL TINSON CHRISTOPHER D. TOLLIVER JASON C. TORBENSEN RODNEY L. TOWERY WYETH M. TOWLE JASON K. TUBBS BRIAN D. TURNER JAMES R. VALLARIO LARRY W. VINES KRISTIAN A. VONHEIMBURG JAMIE L. WAGNER JONATHAN C. WAITE RYAN B. WARD KEITH P. WARREN PERRY D. WATERS MICHAEL B. WEBER DAVID E. WESTIN TAYLOR P. WHITE DAVID A. WILEMON BRUCE K. WILLIAMS III ERIC J. WILLIAMSON DANIEL R. WINKELER SETH WOLCOTT JOSEPH L. YOSKOVICH MARK D. ZIMMER 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate January 29, 2015: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL TONY D. BAUERNFEIND COLONEL VINCENT K. BECKLUND COLONEL STEVEN J. BLEYMAIER COLONEL RICHARD A. COE COLONEL WILLIAM T. COOLEY COLONEL BARRY R. CORNISH COLONEL CHRISTOPHER E. CRAIGE COLONEL ANDREW A. CROFT COLONEL ALLAN E. DAY COLONEL TRENT H. EDWARDS COLONEL ANDREW J. GEBARA COLONEL GERALD V. GOODFELLOW COLONEL JOHN R. GORDY II COLONEL STACEY T. HAWKINS COLONEL CAMERON G. HOLT COLONEL KEVIN A. HUYCK COLONEL JAMES A. JACOBSON COLONEL DARREN V. JAMES COLONEL DAVID J. JULAZADEH COLONEL KEVIN B. KENNEDY COLONEL CHAD T. MANSKE COLONEL MICHAEL A. MINIHAN COLONEL WAYNE R. MONTEITH COLONEL DANIEL J. ORCUTT COLONEL LENNY J. RICHOUX COLONEL CARL E. SCHAEFER COLONEL JOHN E. SHAW COLONEL BRAD M. SULLIVAN COLONEL BILLY D. THOMPSON COLONEL PAUL A. WELCH COLONEL WILLIAM P. WEST 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RODRICK A. KOCH, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JAMES F. RICHEY, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.008 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S665 January 29, 2015 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MOR-
RIS A. DESIMONE III AND ENDING WITH ANDREW R. STRAUSS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL 
RECORD ON JANUARY 13, 2015. MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STE-
VEN P. HULSE AND ENDING WITH ANTHONY C. LYONS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 13, 2015. 
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF BRIAN L. WHITE, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL . MARINE CORPS NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STE-
VEN R. LUCAS AND ENDING WITH JAMES N. SHELSTAD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JANUARY 13, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:33 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JA6.007 S29JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
D80 Thursday, January 29, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed S. 1, Keystone XL Pipeline, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S611–S665 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-five bills and six res-
olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 299–323, and S. Res. 53–58.
                                                      Page S653 
Measures Reported: 
S. Res. 53, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Armed Services. 
S. Res. 54, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Rules and Administration. 
S. Res. 55, authorizing expenditures by the Select 
Committee on Intelligence. 
S. Res. 57, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on the Budget.                                        Pages S652–53 
Measures Passed: 
Keystone XL Pipeline: By 62 yeas to 36 nays 
(Vote No. 49), Senate passed S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, after taking action on the fol-lowing amendments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                                      Pages S620–45 
Adopted: 
Murkowski (for Barrasso) Modified Amendment 
No. 245, to clarify that certain consultation require-ments with respect to Indian tribes remain in effect. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the requirement of a 60 affirmative vote threshold, be vitiated.)
                                 Pages S621, S624 
Rejected: 
By 47 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 42), Daines 
Amendment No. 246, to express the sense of Con-gress that reauthorizing the Land and Water Con-servation Fund should be a priority. (Pursuant to the order of Wednesday, January 28, 2015, the amend-ment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.)
                                              Pages S621–23 
By 59 yeas to 39 nays (Vote No. 43), Burr Modi-
fied Amendment No. 92, to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. (Pursuant to the order of Wednesday, January 28, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative 
votes, was not agreed to.)
                     Pages S621, S623–24 
By 45 yeas to 53 nays (Vote No. 44), Udall 
Amendment No. 77, to establish a renewable elec-tricity standard. (Pursuant to the order of Wednes-day, January 28, 2015, the amendment having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                                                Pages S621, S624 
By 41 yeas to 56 nays (Vote No. 46), Booker 
Amendment No. 155, to allow permitting agencies to consider new circumstances and new information. 
                                                                          Pages S621, S635–36 
Boxer Amendment No. 130, to preserve existing 
permits and the authority of the agencies issuing the permits to modify the permits if necessary. 
                                                                                Pages S621, S636 
By 36 yeas to 62 nays (Vote No. 47), Markey 
Amendment No. 141, to delay the effective date until the President determines that the pipeline will not have certain negative impacts.
                      Page S636 
By 44 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 48), Markey 
Amendment No. 178, to ensure that products de-rived from tar sands are treated as crude oil for pur-poses of the Federal excise tax on petroleum. 
                                                                                Pages S621, S637 
Withdrawn: 
Vitter/Cassidy Further Modified Amendment No. 
80, to provide for the distribution of revenues from 
certain areas of the outer Continental Shelf. 
                                                                                      Pages S621–22 
Cardin Amendment No. 124, to clarify that trea-
ties with Indian tribes remain in effect. 
                                                                          Pages S621, S624–26 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 67, to 
restrict the authority of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to arm agency personnel. 
                                                                                Pages S621, S626 
Murkowski Amendment No. 98, to express the 
sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural commu-nities.
                                                                    Pages S621, S626 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JA5.REC D29JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D81 January 29, 2015 
Flake Amendment No. 103, to require the evalua-
tion and consolidation of duplicative green building programs.
                                                            Pages S621, S626 
Merkley Amendment No. 174, to express the 
sense of Congress that the United States should prioritize and fund adaptation projects in commu-nities in the United States while also helping to fund climate change adaptation in developing coun-
tries.
                                                                      Pages S621, S626 
Tillis/Burr Amendment No. 102, to provide for 
leasing on the outer Continental Shelf and the dis-tribution of certain qualified revenues from such leasing.
                                                                 Pages S621, S626 
Cantwell (for Peters/Stabenow) Amendment No. 
55, to require a study of the potential environmental impact of by-products of the Keystone XL pipeline. 
                                                                                Pages S621, S626 
Cantwell/Boxer Amendment No. 131, to ensure 
that if the Keystone XL Pipeline is built, it will be built safely and in compliance with United States environmental laws.
                                Pages S621, S637–45 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
Pursuant to the order of January 28, 2015, the 
motion to proceed to the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on January 26, 2015, was agreed to.
                                         Page S626 
Pursuant to the order of January 28, 2015, the 
motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on January 26, 2015, was agreed to. 
                                                                                              Page S626 
By 62 yeas to 35 nays (Vote No. 45), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                                                                                     Page S626 
National Mentoring Month: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 58, recognizing January 2015 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month’’.
                                                    Page S662 
Clay Hunt SAV Act—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 4:30 p.m., on Monday, February 2, 2015, Senate begin consideration of H.R. 203, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and sui-cide prevention programs of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan re-payment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs; that the time until 5:30 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on pas-sage of the bill, without any intervening action or debate.
                                                                               Page S633 Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
31 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force and Marine Corps. 
                                                                                      Pages S664–65 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to 
be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. 
William P. Doyle, of Pennsylvania, to be a Fed-
eral Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2018. 
Gentry O. Smith, of North Carolina, to be Direc-
tor of the Office of Foreign Missions, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service. 
Janet L. Yellen, of California, to be United States 
Alternate Governor of the International Monetary Fund for a term of five years. 
Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine 
Corps, and Navy.
                                                 Pages S663–64 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S651 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S651 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S651–52 
Petitions and Memorials:                                      Page S652 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S654 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S654–61 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S650–51 
Amendments Submitted:                                     Page S661 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S661 
Record Votes: Eight record votes were taken today. 
(Total—49)                                 Pages S623–24, S626, S636–37 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:54 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Friday, January 30, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on 
page S662.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Committee announced 
the following subcommittee assignments: 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food 
and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies: Sen-
ators Moran (Chair), Blunt, Cochran, McConnell, Collins, Hoeven, Daines, Merkley, Feinstein, Tester, Udall, Leahy, and Baldwin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JA5.REC D29JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D82 January 29, 2015 
Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related 
Agencies: Senators Shelby (Chair), Alexander, Mur-
kowski, Collins, Graham, Kirk, Boozman, Capito, Lankford, Mikulski, Leahy, Feinstein, Reed, Shaheen, Coons, Baldwin, and Murphy. 
Subcommittee on Department of Defense: Senators 
Cochran (Chair), McConnell, Shelby, Alexander, Col-lins, Murkowski, Graham, Blunt, Daines, Moran, Durbin, Leahy, Feinstein, Mikulski, Murray, Reed, Tester, Udall, and Schatz. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development: Sen-
ators Alexander (Chair), Cochran, McConnell, Shelby, Collins, Murkowski, Graham, Hoeven, Lankford, Feinstein, Murray, Tester, Durbin, Udall, Shaheen, Merkley, and Coons. 
Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-
ernment: Senators Boozman (Chair), Moran, Lankford, 
Coons, and Durbin. 
Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security: 
Senators Hoeven (Chair), Cochran, Shelby, Mur-kowski, Graham, Cassidy, Shaheen, Leahy, Murray, Tester, and Baldwin. 
Subcommittee on Department of the Interior, Environ-
ment, and Related Agencies: Senators Murkowski 
(Chair), Alexander, Cochran, Blunt, Hoeven, McCon-nell, Daines, Cassidy, Udall, Feinstein, Leahy, Reed, Tester, and Merkley. 
Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies: Senators Blunt (Chair), Moran, Shelby, Cochran, Alexander, Graham, Kirk, Cassidy, Capito, Lankford, Murray, Durbin, Reed, Mikulski, Shaheen, Merkley, Schatz, and Baldwin. 
Subcommittee on Legislative Branch: Senators Capito 
(Chair), Kirk, Moran, Schatz, and Murphy. 
Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans 
Affairs, and Related Agencies: Senators Kirk (Chair), 
McConnell, Murkowski, Hoeven, Collins, Boozman, Capito, Cassidy, Tester, Murray, Reed, Udall, Schatz, Baldwin, and Murphy. 
Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related 
Programs: Senators Graham, McConnell, Kirk, Blunt, 
Boozman, Moran, Lankford, Daines, Leahy, Mikulski, Durbin, Shaheen, Coons, Merkley, and Murphy. 
Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban 
Development, and Related Agencies: Senators Collins 
(Chair), Shelby, Alexander, Kirk, Blunt, Boozman, Capito, Cassidy, Daines, Reed, Mikulski, Murray, Durbin, Feinstein, Coons, Schatz, and Murphy. 
Senators Cochran and Mikulski are ex officio members 
of each subcommittee. 
GLOBAL CHALLENGES AND THE U.S. 
NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine global challenges and the U.S. national security strategy, after receiving testimony 
from Henry A. Kissinger, Kissinger Associates, New York, New York, and George P. Shultz, Stanford University Hoover Institution, and Madeleine K. Albright, National Democratic Institute, both of Washington, DC, each a former Secretary of State. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported an original resolution (S. Res. 53) au-thorizing expenditures by the Committee for the 114th Congress. 
NUCLEAR WEAPON FREE IRAN ACT 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee ordered favorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2015’’. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Budget: Committee ordered favorably 
reported an original resolution (S. Res. 57) author-izing expenditures by the Committee. 
TRANSPORTATION NETWORKS 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security concluded a hearing to examine improving the performance of transportation networks, focusing on stakeholder per-spectives, after receiving testimony from former Pennsylvania Governor Edward G. Rendell, Building America’s Future, Washington, DC; Jim Mullen, Werner Enterprises, and Lance M. Fritz, Union Pa-cific Railroad, both of Omaha, Nebraska; and Doug-las Means, Cabela’s, Sidney, Nebraska. 
NATURAL GAS EXPORTS 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 33, to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, after receiving testimony from Christopher Smith, Assistant Secretary of Energy for Fossil Energy; and Paul N. Cicio, Industrial Energy Consumers of America, Martin J. Durbin, America’s Natural Gas Alliance, Ross Eisenberg, National As-sociation of Manufacturers, and David Koranyi, At-lantic Council, all of Washington, DC. 
CAMPAIGN AGAINST ISIS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a closed hearing to examine the campaign against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), after re-ceiving testimony from Nicholas J. Rasmussen, Di-rector, National Counterterrorism Center; Christine Wormuth, Under Secretary for Policy, and Major 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JA5.REC D29JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D83 January 29, 2015 
General Steven M. Shepro, Vice Director for Stra-
tegic Plans and Policy, Joint Staff Pentagon, both of the Department of Defense; and General John R. Allen (USMC, Ret.), Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, Department of State. 
EMPLOYER WELLNESS PROGRAMS 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine employer wellness programs, focusing on better health out-comes and lower costs, after receiving testimony from Gary Loveman, Caesars Entertainment, Las Vegas, Nevada, on behalf of the Business Round-table; Catherine Baase, The Dow Chemical Com-pany, Midland, Michigan, on behalf of the American Benefits Council; David Grossman, Group Health Cooperative, Seattle, Washington; James Matthew Abernathy, BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee, Nashville; and Jennifer Mathis, Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, on behalf of the Consortium for 
Citizens with Disabilities, and Eric Dreiband, Jones Day, both of Washington, DC. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded 
hearings to examine the nomination of Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney General, after 
receiving testimony from David B. Barlow, Sidley Austin LLP, and Jonathan Turley, George Wash-ington University, both of Washington, DC; David A. Clarke Jr., Milwaukee County Sheriff, Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Catherine Engelbrecht, True the Vote, Houston, Texas; Janice K. Fedarcyk, Fedarcyk Con-sulting LLC, Crownsville, Maryland; Stephen H. Legomsky, Washington University School of Law, Saint Louis, Missouri; Nicholas Quinn Rosenkranz, Georgetown University Law Center, New York, New York; Reverend Clarence G. Newsome, National Un-derground Railroad Freedom Center, Cincinnati, Ohio; and Sharyl Attkisson, Leesburg, Virginia. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee or-
dered favorably reported an original resolution (S. Res. 54) authorizing expenditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Friday, January 30, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
JANUARY 30, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JA5.REC D29JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD84 January 29, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10:30 a.m., Friday, January 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will be in a period of morn-
ing business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Friday, January 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House is scheduled to meet at 
2 p.m. on Friday, January 30, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Jan 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29JA5.REC D29JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST