Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7257 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2015 No. 159 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 28, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable S TEVEN M. 
PALAZZO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
JOHN A. BOEHNER, THE SPEAKER 
OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
pay tribute to the Speaker of the House, J
OHNBOEHNER . 
Speaker B OEHNER and I, as some 
would note, do not always agree. We have been on opposite sides of this floor and on opposite sides of debate many times. However, that is behind us for J
OHNBOEHNER . 
In all of the years I have served with 
him, Speaker B OEHNER has shown me the same kindness, grace, and friend-
ship that he has shown so many of his House colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
J
OHNBOEHNER is a gentleman in the 
truest sense of the word and is a leader who, even in the act of stepping back from his position in the leadership, has always put the best interests of our country first. 
When it came time to make difficult 
decisions, even in the face of strong op-position from some in his own party, Speaker B
OEHNER was willing to work 
across the aisle to make sure that this House was achieving its most funda-mental responsibilities to those we had the honor of serving. 
We did not have a catastrophic de-
fault on our debt—at least twice—in large part because of J
OHN BOEHNER ’s 
determination not to let it happen. Millions of children benefitted from the forms of No Child Left Behind be-cause J
OHN BOEHNER , the chairman of 
the committee, put children’s interests first and worked in partnership with the late Senator Ted Kennedy and Con-gressman George Miller. 
That was in the best traditions of a 
President Bush-sponsored piece of leg-islation—a Republican chairman, a Democratic chairman, and a ranking Democrat working together on behalf of our country’s interest. 
J
OHN BOEHNER worked to keep his 
Conference and this House marching forward down a productive path. His-tory will be the judge of his success as the leader of his party, but all of us who have had the honor of serving with him will judge him as we know him—a considerate and thoughtful individual, who is a patriot and who cares deeply about this House and the Nation it serves. 
I want to thank him, as I would hope 
all of our Members would and, frankly, those Members who served with him, but who are not in this House now, for his service and for his friendship. I want to wish him well and wish him 
luck out there on the golf course, where I am sure he will be spending a lot more time—I am going to be envi-ous of that—in addition to the time that he will spend with his family and in continuing to serve his community, his State, and his Nation. 
J
OHNBOEHNER served his country and 
this House of Representatives with fi-delity and responsibility, and we should all thank him for that. 
We wish the Speaker and his wife, 
Debbie, well as they embark on a new phase of their lives. He has served his country well. I am confident that he will continue to do so. 
f 
DEBT CEILING BILL FINANCIALLY 
IRRESPONSIBLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, Benjamin Franklin advised: ‘‘When you run in debt, you give to another power over your liberty.’’ 
Washington is in the middle of an 
epic battle between elected officials who, on the one hand, are financially responsible, have the understanding and backbone needed to prevent an American bankruptcy, heed the wis-dom of Founding Father Benjamin Franklin, and fight out-of-control debt that threatens our liberty, and you have those elected officials who, on the other hand, are financially irrespon-sible and are too weak to resist spend-ing money America does not have, has to borrow to get, and can’t afford to pay back. 
This week Congress faces yet another 
last-second debt deal, negotiated in se-cret, sprung at the last moment, that fails the American people by not fixing the cause of the debt ceiling problem: out of control deficits. 
Earlier this year America’s Comp-
troller General and the nonpartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:39 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.000 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7258 October 28, 2015 
Congressional Budget Office warned 
Congress and President Obama that America’s current financial path is ‘‘unsustainable,’’ meaning that Amer-ica faces a debilitating insolvency and bankruptcy unless we get our financial house in order. 
The CBO issued two other dire warn-
ings: 
First, America’s debt service costs 
will increase by, roughly, $600 billion in 10 years. For perspective, $600 billion is more than what America spends on na-tional defense, which begs the ques-tion: Where will the money for that ad-ditional $600 billion debt payment come from? 
Second, the CBO warns that, by 2025, 
America will face an unending string of annual trillion-dollar deficits, deficits that can only end in a debilitating American insolvency and bankruptcy. 
Mr. Speaker, economic principles 
don’t care if you are a family, a busi-ness, or a country. If you borrow more money than you can pay back, you go bankrupt. 
There are good and bad ways to raise 
the debt ceiling. Today’s debt bill is bad because it not only fails to restrain America’s spending addiction, it makes things worse by increasing spending by $80 billion. 
I have been in Congress since 2011, 
when America’s debt blew through the $14 trillion mark. Now America’s debt is $18 trillion. This debt deal blows America’s debt through the $19 trillion mark, meaning America’s bank ac-count will soon be $5 trillion weaker than it was in 2011. 
Rather than fixing America’s deficit 
problem while we still have the finan-cial ability to do so, this debt deal kicks the can down the road to 2017, when America will be financially weak-er and less able to rise to the financial challenge that threatens us. 
Mr. Speaker, today’s debt bill is akin 
to a sick patient going to the emer-gency room and getting pain-killing drugs that make the patient feel bet-ter, yet does nothing to cure the dis-ease that kills him. In the real world, that is medical malpractice. Similarly, today’s debt bill that makes America feel good, but does nothing to cure our debt disease, is governing malpractice. 
President George Washington advised 
Congress: ‘‘No pecuniary consideration is more urgent than the regular re-demption and discharge of the public debt. On none can delay be more inju-rious.’’ 
George Washington’s advice in 1793 is 
prudent today. Congress and President Obama must balance the budget before America’s debt burden spirals out of control, before it is too late to prevent the debilitating insolvency and bank-ruptcy that awaits us. 
Mr. Speaker, I exhort Washington to 
rise to the challenge and be financially responsible when raising the debt ceil-ing. The first step is to defeat this debt bill that not only fails to fix a time- critical problem, but that actually makes America’s spending addiction $80 billion worse. America’s future as a 
great Nation and a world power de-pends on it. 
I will vote against this debt deal. I 
urge my colleagues to be financially responsible—do the same—and insist that the debt ceiling be raised only if we simultaneously fix America’s addic-tion to deficit spending. Today’s debt ceiling bill fails that benchmark. It threatens America. It should be de-feated. 
f 
THE BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we 
are in the process of wrapping up a budget agreement that is welcome since it protects against default on the national debt and prevents draconian cuts for disability payments and un-fairness in Medicare premiums for our senior citizens; but it continues a downward spiral in government spend-ing for essential items that would im-prove America’s infrastructure, edu-cation, medical research, and much more. Yet, at the same time, we are continuing on autopilot with some of the largest expenditures for genera-tions to come. 
We had an announcement yesterday 
that we will be replacing the next gen-eration of stealth bombers for our nu-clear triad—up to 100 of them—at an estimated cost of over $550 million each, and that is just the estimated shelf price, the opening bid, plus an-other $20 billion in development costs. 
Our history of developing weapons of 
this magnitude is that from the open-ing bid, the price is likely to spiral much higher in the future. The same contractor, Northrop Grumman, which won this bid, could only build 21 B–2s out of a planned 132 as the costs spi-raled to over $1 billion a plane. 
This comes at a time when we are 
committed to spending over $1 trillion in the coming decades in upgrading our nuclear fleet. Think about it: 12 new ballistic missile submarines, up to 100 new long-range, nuclear-capable bomb-ers, 642 new land-based ballistic mis-siles, 1,000 new nuclear-capable, long- range standoff cruise missiles. 
And why are we doing this in the 
first place? 
Think for a moment. These weapons 
that we have already are far in excess of anything America will ever need—a destructive capacity to obliterate any nation multiple times over—yet, we are moving ahead without ever dis-cussing this spending here on the House floor as to whether or not it is what we need. 
Think about the security threats of 
today in terms of an inability to with-stand the devastating impacts of cli-mate change on our communities, the threats from ISIS, different challenges of encroachment from Russia and China—not nuclear attack, but moving ahead in building artificial islands, in-
vading neighboring countries. These are threats now—the Taliban, inter-national terrorism—and we are com-mitted to spending vast sums on weap-ons that we are never likely to use and are useless against the real threats we face. 
We don’t need 454 land-based nuclear 
missiles now. These end up threatening us. Look at the recently released infor-mation about the stand-down around Russian paranoia in 1983 regarding NATO exercises. We didn’t realize how panicked they were or the steps that they took. That is the real threat from nuclear weapons, accident or mis-calculation. 
Consider the opportunity costs of 
vast sums of money that we are tying up that could be used for other pur-poses, including strengthening our military for today’s threats or helping our veterans or our communities on what is bearing down upon them or equipping our citizens to function in 
this century. 
We just had a fascinating lesson 
when the Export-Import Bank was freed from the iron grasp of the com-mittee and was allowed to actually be debated on the floor of the House. It had been bottled up for years. It had never had that sort of attention. We had more time and energy spent on the Ex-Im Bank over the last 50 hours than, probably, the last 50 years—cer-tainly, in the last 50 months. 
What would happen if Congress actu-
ally addressed and debated the wisdom of our current nuclear policies and the vast sums of money that are being spent on autopilot that will be chewing a hole in the budget to the detriment of the Department of Defense and ev-erything else? 
There is a lesson to be learned, and I 
hope someday Congress will learn it, because there is a path for a stronger, safer America, for more meaningful, targeted military spending, and for a balanced, thoughtful budget prioritization. If Congress does its job in the open, collectively, the decision becomes easier and the results become better. 
f 
b1015 
CONGRATULATING STUDENTS AT 
NATIONAL FFA CONVENTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of the students from Pennsylvania participating in this week’s National Future Farmers of America, or FFA, convention in Louisville, Kentucky. 
‘‘I believe in the future of agri-
culture.’’ Those are the first words from the FFA creed. The Pennsylvania group is among 60,000 FFA members at this week’s convention, participating in a variety of competitions and stress-ing the importance of agriculture to our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.003 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7259 October 28, 2015 
Among Pennsylvania’s State officers 
attending the convention is Tony Rice. Tony is a student at the Pennsylvania State University’s main campus in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, and Tony is one of 52 national officer candidates traveling to Louis-ville. 
Each year, six student members are 
selected as national officers of the FFA. These young men and women travel as many as 100,000 miles per year, stressing the importance of agri-culture, agriculture education, and the FFA. Candidates are judged upon their ability to be effective communicators and team players. 
Over the past years, Tony Rice has 
met with more than 12,000 high school students to address the important role that agriculture plays in Pennsylva-nia’s economy as Pennsylvania’s num-ber one industry. 
Now, I not only commend Tony Rice 
for his dedication to the future of this industry but also his fellow FFA mem-bers and the educators who have helped these young people, who will be the ag-ricultural leaders of tomorrow, suc-ceed. 
f 
END CHILDHOOD HUNGER NOW 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, one of 
the greatest health challenges facing our country right now is hunger. We have a hunger problem in the United States of America. 
For far too long, we have minimized 
the problem. Some have even ignored the problem. In short, our response has been inadequate. And we have failed to view hunger as a health issue, which it is. For our Nation’s youngest and most vulnerable, our children, the negative effects of childhood hunger are perva-sive and long-lasting. 
So last week I was pleased to see the 
American Academy of Pediatrics re-lease its newest policy statement which, for the first time, recommends that pediatricians screen all children for food insecurity. The new rec-
ommendations consist of two simple questions for pediatricians to ask par-ents of young children at their annual well visit to identify and address child-hood hunger. It also recommends that pediatricians become more familiar with our robust system of antihunger programs at the Federal, State, and local levels. When pediatricians know more about these antihunger programs and the resources they provide, they will be better prepared to help families in need. 
Pediatricians are among the most re-
spected, if not the most respected, voices on children’s issues; and I hope that, with the AAP’s policy statement, more people will start paying attention to the devastating effects of childhood hunger on America’s future. 
It is shameful that childhood hunger 
even exists in this country, the richest country in the world, that one in five 
children lives in a food insecure house-hold, that 17.2 million households in this country struggle with food insecu-rity, that the only reliable healthy meals some kids receive are the ones they get through school breakfasts or lunches. Their mothers and fathers are forced to skip meals so that their kids can have more to eat because the fam-ily simply cannot afford to put enough food on the table. 
The harmful effects of hunger on 
children are well documented: for ex-ample, children who live in households that are food insecure get sick more often, recover more slowly from ill-ness, have poorer overall health, and are hospitalized more frequently. 
Children and adolescents affected by 
food insecurity are more likely to be iron deficient, and preadolescent boys dealing with hunger issues have lower bone density. Early childhood mal-nutrition is also tied to conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. 
Lack of adequate healthy food can 
impair a child’s ability to concentrate and perform well in school and is linked to higher levels of behavioral and emotional problems from preschool through adolescence. 
I have personally heard from pedia-
tricians who see kids in the emergency room come in for a common cold that has become much worse because they don’t have enough to eat, and their im-mune systems have been compromised. Stories like these are heartbreaking. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that con-
sistent access to adequate nutritious food is one of the best medicines for growing, thriving children. Children’s Health Watch, a national network of pediatricians and child health profes-sionals, found that, in comparison to children whose families were eligible but did not receive SNAP, young chil-dren whose families received SNAP were significantly less likely to be at risk of being underweight or experi-encing developmental delays. 
If Members of Congress are not 
swayed by the moral arguments for ending childhood hunger, they ought to be swayed by the economic ones. En-suring that our kids have access to enough nutritious food saves money in the form of reduced healthcare costs and helps them become more produc-tive contributors to our economy later in life. 
Mr. Speaker, without our robust Fed-
eral antihunger programs, there would no doubt be more hungry children in this country. 
The Special Supplemental Nutrition 
Program for Women, Infants, and Chil-dren, or WIC, provides nutritious food and support for children and mothers. The Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program, or SNAP, is our Na-tion’s premiere antihunger program and helps millions of low-income fami-lies afford to purchase food every month. About half of all SNAP recipi-ents are children. And our school breakfast and lunch programs, summer 
meals, and Child and Adult Food Care Programs all provide nutritious meals to children in community, child-friend-ly settings. 
We can’t forget about the incredible 
work our food banks, food pantries, and other charities do to provide healthy food for low-income children and their families. Despite the incredible work that they do, charities cannot do it alone. The demand is simply too great. Charities need a strong Federal partner to end hunger in this country. 
Mr. Speaker, for a while now, I have 
been urging the White House to con-vene a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger. We ought to bring antihunger groups, pediatricians, business leaders, teachers, hospitals, farmers, nonprofits, faith leaders, and governmental officials together to come up with a plan to end hunger in this country once and for all. I can think of no more compelling reason to end hunger now than for the health and well-being of America’s children. 
In closing, I commend the American 
Academy of Pediatrics for working to solve hunger as a health issue and ad-dressing how it affects our country’s greatest resource: our children. We can and we should do more to end hunger now. 
f 
ISIS MUST GO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, it has 
now been 1,532 days since President Obama said Syria’s Bashar Assad must go. Guess what? He is still there. 
It has been 789 days since President 
Obama drew the red line in the sand, so to speak, and told Assad not to use chemical weapons on his own people. Well, he ignored that. And he used chemical weapons, and he continues to use chemical weapons and kill his own people. 
What we are seeing in Syria—the rise 
of ISIS, the refugee crisis of tens of thousands of people, children having to migrate northward to get out of Syria, the civil war—are all the direct results of the President’s unwillingness to stand by his word. 
Now Russia is in Syria. They are tell-
ing the U.S. on our own soil that Amer-ica is weak. Look at what they have done in Ukraine. We didn’t do anything but give rhetoric and words. Nothing to push Putin back to where he should be. 
America is losing her standing in the 
world, and we would rather appease our enemies than show our strength. This administration still has no strategy for handling ISIS, no tangible plan for de-feating Assad, and seemingly no will to stand up to Russia’s aggression. 
Assad must go. ISIS must go. ISIS 
must be defeated. America must stand firm and show the world we are a force to be reckoned with, not to be tram-pled on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.004 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7260 October 28, 2015 
DYSLEXIA AWARENESS MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, October is 
Dyslexia Awareness Month. It is part of the broader Learning Disabilities Month. This is the time we focus on learning disabilities, particularly in our students and our own children and many who suffer from learning disabil-ities. 
I am emphasizing Dyslexia Aware-
ness Month because I have dyslexia. Growing up, it was very hard being a student that couldn’t read well, couldn’t spell, couldn’t write. I was very ashamed of that. I was shy. I didn’t know how to ask for help, but I had a lot of support in my home. 
My mother and father didn’t really 
know how to treat it. We didn’t even know how to diagnose it in the early ages. I became withdrawn and embar-rassed to go to class, particularly to get up and to have to read in front of the class and to spell in front of the class. I still have trouble doing that. Thanks to loving parents and to sup-portive teachers, I am here. 
I share my story because we need to 
remove the stigma attached to learn-ing disabilities. No student should have to sit in silence being ashamed, being afraid to ask for help. 
I had a high school biology teacher, 
Enid Larson, a person whom I actually wanted to grow up and be like and be a high school biology teacher, who taught me I could accomplish any-thing. I think I studied sciences be-cause so much of science was memori-zation and not having to write a lot of papers and not having to read in front of the class. 
I pass that same message along be-
cause one in five children with learning disabilities or attention issues has to know that it is not because they have a low IQ. They don’t. In fact, some of the brightest people in history have had these learning disabilities. It isn’t because you are different. It means that you are unique. It means that, with the right help, support, and love, you can accomplish many things. You can cope with your disability. 
Many Members of Congress are 
dyslexic or have children who are dyslexic, and so many that we have ac-tually formed a Congressional Dyslexic Caucus. I am urging you to ask your Member of Congress, if they have not been a member of that caucus, to join it. 
I ask for you to ask your school dis-
tricts what help they are bringing to kids with disabilities and particularly for dyslexic students. 
I encourage the students to speak 
out. You may be shy about reading, but that shouldn’t be affecting your speak-ing. You should speak out about what you feel and what you want. 
Dyslexia is a reading and spelling dis-
order, but you can develop coping skills. With that, you can overcome your shame and your shyness. After all, many of us in Congress have done 
that, and that is why I am speaking today and not reading. 
f 
FISHER CENTER FOR ALZ-
HEIMER’S RESEARCH FOUNDA-TION’S 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize and congratulate the Fish-er Center for Alzheimer’s Research Foundation on their 20th anniversary. To date, the Fisher Center has raised tens of millions of dollars in private funds in the quest to find a cure for this heartbreaking disease that affects millions of families across the country and around the world. 
Mr. Zachary Fisher created the foun-
dation in 1995, with the single mission of finding a cure for Alzheimer’s through scientific discovery. Since then, the research scientists at the Fisher Center for Alzheimer’s Research at Rockefeller University, led by Nobel laureate Dr. Paul Greengard, have made remarkable strides, advancing groundbreaking research. But there is, of course, much more work to be done to defeat this debilitating disease. 
Mr. Speaker, as I rise to recognize 
the foundation’s leadership in the fight to cure Alzheimer’s, I must also recog-nize Mr. Fisher’s many other chari-table endeavors that have transformed and touched the lives of those who serve our Nation in uniform. 
Mr. Fisher was deeply committed to 
supporting the men and women of our Armed Forces, and our veterans as well. In that light, he founded the Fish-er House Foundation, which provides housing to the families of our veterans and our servicemen while a loved one receives medical treatment. Addition-ally, Mr. Fisher founded the Intrepid Sea, Air & Space Museum in New York City. 
b1030 
But the cause for which I rise today 
is to urge my colleagues once again and to urge the Nation once again to focus on the profound need to increase Alzheimer’s research and to recognize the equally profound work that the Fisher Center has done to ultimately advance and find a cure. 
With 5.3 million Americans suffering 
from Alzheimer’s, we must do more. Left unchecked, Alzheimer’s will con-tinue to dramatically impact countless lives and families across the country. Left unchecked, Alzheimer’s could cost our Nation $1.1 trillion annually by 2050. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in the fight to find a cure for Alzheimer’s, and I rise today to thank the Fisher Center Foundation for lead-ing this charge by funding groundbreaking research to finally end this disease. PRESERVING OUR PLANET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to di-rect our attention to the importance of preserving our planet and what we should do to address the issue of the changes going on in our climate. 
Protecting our environment and ad-
dressing climate change are issues which are important to all of our cities across the United States. In fact, at a very local level, many of our commu-nities are working on these issues be-cause they face them directly head on. 
For the Latino community, like 
other communities, we are family-ori-ented, and we want to provide a better future for our generations to come. That includes leaving our planet bet-ter—better—for our grandchildren and their children. 
As the Latino population continues 
to increase in the United States—we are about one out of every four, and they say that in another 30 or 40 years, we will be one out of every three Amer-icans—our exposure to climate change and the risks of pollution are even more important because our ZIP Codes—where we live, where the Latino community lives—are where we are highest at risk. 
It is estimated that close to 50 per-
cent of all Latino Americans live in counties that frequently violate ground-level ozone standards. It just doesn’t affect Latinos, by the way. Asian Americans tend to also live in those ZIP Codes. 
What that means is that we are 
breathing dirtier air than most Ameri-cans, and we have more respiratory ill-ness. Poor environmental protections affect the food that we feed our chil-dren, the air that our families breathe, and the water that we drink. 
Since I was elected to Congress al-
most 20 years ago, I have worked tire-lessly to work in Orange County— where I live and where I represent—to help get some green projects in, both in Orange County and in California. 
For example, I have fought to main-
tain the funding for the Pacific Crest Trail, which serves residents of the en-tire West Coast and visitors from around the world. Of course, I am an avid hiker; so, I love that trail. 
In fact, in this Congress, I cospon-
sored legislation which would perma-nently extend the Land and Water Con-servation Fund, which ensures the con-servation of national parks, rivers, and streams. It provides grants to local parks and to recreation projects. 
One of the things it does is try to en-
sure that, for example, California, being so long in length, you could start at the southern portion of California and actually walk through wilderness all the way to the Oregon border. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund is a bipartisan program. That is why it kind of distresses me a little bit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.005 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7261 October 28, 2015 
that we, as a Congress, haven’t funded 
it, because it is incredibly important, especially in urban areas, such as my district, where there is little natural environment left and where we need open space and green parks. 
It is where Latinos go to have their 
barbecues. It is where we have our fam-ily gatherings. It is incredibly impor-tant to us. Sometimes we live in pretty cramped conditions, and we need that outdoor space, even if it is in an urban area. Places like Pearson and Pioneer Park in my hometown of Anaheim or Centennial Park in Santa Ana or our beautiful Santa Ana Zoo have all been made possible by the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Mr. Speaker, do you know what the 
total cost to taxpayers for these won-derful developments are? Zero. The land and water conservation comes at no cost to the taxpayer, but it benefits them immensely. And, still, this House has failed to fund this. It expired on September 30. 
Mr. Speaker, the Land and Water 
Conservation Fund is another example of a commonsense—commonsense—bi-partisan program on which this House has neglected to act. 
So I ask the Members of the House, 
can you go back to the people of your district and say to them: Oh, I don’t really care about your parks. I don’t really care about the environment. I don’t care about where you hang out with your families? This Congress has to act. We should act together on this because it is incredibly important to our families. 
I will leave you with a quote, another 
one from one of my favorite people, His Holiness Pope Francis: ‘‘I call for a courageous and responsible effort to ‘redirect our steps’ and to avert the most serious effects of the environ-mental deterioration caused by human activity. I am convinced that we can make a difference.’’ I am sure. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 754. An act to improve cybersecurity in 
the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
LET’S WORK TOGETHER TO END 
BREAST CANCER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of Breast Can-cer Awareness Month. Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women, and today I wish to honor those fighters, survivors, and families it impacts, such as the Edwards family of Washington Crossing, Bucks County. Tracy Edwards was just 47 years old, a 
wife, mother, daughter, sister, and a courageous fighter to the end. 
The American Cancer Society esti-
mates that nearly 300,000 new cases of breast cancer will be diagnosed in the United States this year. It is critical that we understand that the battle against this disease does not end when the pink ribbons go away. 
I fully understand the vital role lead-
ers play here in Washington every day in supporting groundbreaking research and that we must fight for better treat-ments, finding a cure, and ultimately defeating breast cancer. Let’s work to-gether to end it once and for all. 
f 
OUR NATION’S MENTAL HEALTH 
CRISIS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, for too 
long we have neglected mental health in our Nation, leaving many to suffer with little hope. Nowhere is this seen more clearly than in our rural commu-nities. 
According to reports, more than 60 
percent of rural Americans are living in areas that are experiencing short-ages in mental health professionals. More than 90 percent of practicing psy-chologists and psychiatrists in this country work exclusively in metropoli-tan areas. More than 65 percent of rural Americans rely solely on their primary care providers for mental health care. In most rural commu-nities, the primary mental health cri-sis responder is a law enforcement offi-cer, despite not being a medical spe-cialist. 
All across rural America patients 
continue to face longer wait times, dif-ficulty accessing care, and long-dis-
tance travel just to access subpar care by professionals, through no fault of their own, not even adequately trained to diagnose and treat mental health issues. In Shasta County, in my dis-trict, there is evidently only one psy-chiatrist in the area, while there is an estimated 4,000 patients with mental health needs. 
In addition, the lack of mental 
healthcare facilities, such as the short-age of inpatient beds and space, leaves patients stuck with longer wait times in the emergency room before they can even see a health professional with no other options. 
While the President’s healthcare law 
attempted to make strides in this area by including behavioral health cov-erage, this system is fundamentally and fatally flawed. 
While continuing to throw Federal 
funding at it may serve as a temporary Band-Aid for the symptoms of this cri-sis, it does nothing to address the root of the problem. One-size-fits-all, top- down systems do not work, especially in rural America. 
If we continue to stand by the status 
quo, our rural patients will continue to suffer and, in many unfortunate cases, 
end up suicidal, homeless, or in prison, placing an even greater financial bur-den on our communities. 
For this reason, I am proud to sup-
port H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act of 2015. I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for introducing this sorely needed bill. It is said the first step to fixing a prob-lem is acknowledging there is one, and that is exactly what this bill does. 
We spend approximately $130 billion 
on mental health every year, yet our country still faces a shortage of nearly 100,000 psychiatric beds. Three of the largest mental health hospitals are, in fact, criminal incarceration facilities. 
For every 2,000 children with a men-
tal health disorder, only one child psy-chiatrist is available. Outdated HIPAA privacy laws continue to prevent fami-lies and doctors from getting their loved ones and patients the care they need. 
Our mental health system is broken, 
but it certainly does not have to be. H.R. 2646 is a great step in rebuilding the system to one that works to em-power patients and families with the access to care and services they need. 
It brings accountability to the sys-
tem to ensure every Federal dollar is going to evidence-based standards, im-proves quality, and expands access to behavioral health in our community health clinics while advancing tele-psychiatry in areas with limited access to mental health professionals, and, importantly, ends the outdated prohi-bition on physicians volunteering at clinics and federally qualified health centers. 
In addition, it provides more beds for 
those in need of immediate care or 
those experiencing a crisis and im-proves alternatives to institutionaliza-tion so patients can access the treat-ment they need, while it helps us de-crease the incarceration rates, home-lessness, and recurring ER visits. These are just a few of the sorely needed re-forms included in H.R. 2646. 
I want to stand today to thank my 
colleague, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ), for his leader-
ship in introducing this bill and urge my colleagues to lend their support of this responsible measure to help fix this broken system. 
f 
ISSUES OF CONCERN TO ALL 
AMERICANS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to commemorate Breast Cancer Awareness Month. As a breast cancer survivor, I want to add to my sisters and brothers my appreciation for their strength and determination and my respect to those families whose loved ones did not survive the battle. 
I am very grateful that, out of this 
awareness, we have begun to focus on more research for breast cancer rem-edies and solutions. I introduced a bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.006 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7262 October 28, 2015 
dealing with triple-negative breast 
cancer, which is the most deadly breast cancer and impacts women and minor-ity women to the extent that their life-span is shortened. 
I rise today to indicate and to ask for 
renewed commitment by this Congress to focus on more research to bring an end to the forms of breast cancer that have been so deadly, in particular, to women. 
I want to thank the U.S. Department 
of Defense for working with me on pro-viding and supporting legislation that I offered and introduced to provide the research, but also the care for military women who have had breast cancer during their service in the United States military. 
It is also Domestic Violence Month, 
and I acknowledge again the privilege I had to serve on the Committee on the Judiciary and to work with Chairman Hyde in the early stages of introducing and reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act. So many strides have been made. 
In particular, I want to acknowledge 
the many agencies in Houston that have helped women—and, in some in-stances, men—who have been victims of domestic violence and abuse, in par-ticular, the Houston Area Women’s Center that has provided service. I served on the board previously, and I appreciate their service. We want to say to those women—and maybe men— do not suffer alone. Seek help and seek help now. 
b1045 
Mr. Speaker, today we will be look-
ing at the culmination of discussions that have presented themselves as a budget that would end some form of se-quester and would raise the debt limit until March 15, 2017. 
As a member of the Congressional 
Progressive Caucus, I am committed to certain principles that I believe help all of America, and those are: the end to sequestration; the saving of Social Security, Medicaid, and Medicare; not eliminating any executive orders or toxic riders undermining, for example, the issues of dealing with our broken immigration system; and the evenness of defense and non-defense sequester relief. We have begun that journey. 
I also made a commitment to my 
seniors that we would fight against the horrific increases that were about to take place under Medicare part D. Those numbers were going to be oner-ous and burdensome on our seniors, and I will offer them in just a moment. 
In addition, let me say that the com-
promise generates $80 billion of seques-ter increases over 2 years, with the in-crease split evenly between defense and non-defense programs, and an addi-tional $16 billion in discretionary fund-ing over a 2-year period. I am hoping that this will help many. 
As I indicated, I am supporting 
breast cancer research. It will help the National Institutes of Health. It will help fill the seats for so many parents who need Head Start resources for 
their children. 
Having traveled with my congres-
sional colleagues, I know that diplo-matic security is a vital component to protecting our Foreign Service officers. And then it will improve, if you will, the day-to-day functions of this gov-ernment. 
I am glad, as I indicated, with respect 
to the Medicare part B premiums, that we will not see the 54 percent increase that I think was the number, and that the increase will be somewhere around 18 to 20 percent. We want it to be zero. 
I want my seniors to know that we 
are continuing to fight as your in-creases in prescription drugs and serv-ice under Medicare part D continue to go down. And, might I just add, that I believe it is important, in addition, that we negotiate the decreasing price of prescription drugs. If you talk to any individual, what they will say is their highest cost, part of their highest cost, whether it is seniors or families, is the cost of prescription drugs. So I think it is very important. 
I think I want to look more into, Mr. 
Speaker, the Social Security disability fix that is in this budget to ensure that no one sees any loss and cuts in their benefits. We just can’t stand for that. Social Security recipients, as much as people want to clarify them as some having perpetrated fraud, they do not, Mr. Speaker. 
As I close, let me say I want to pro-
tect those who are disabled. We are going to continue to look at this, even down to the moment of voting, to make sure that the budget brings about success and help and not harm. 
I ask my colleagues to be delibera-
tive in this debate. 
f 
LET’S KEEP OUR ATHLETES 
HEALTHY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to speak to all the stu-dent athletes, the parents of student athletes, athletic trainers, and coaches out there: Sports build character. I want to make sure we are using tech-nology, science, data analytics, and best practices to keep our student ath-letes practicing, performing, and com-peting in a safe and responsible man-ner. 
I recall, as a former high school and 
college athlete, the pregame and prepractice routines that my coaches used to require before we could start to play. And while sports provide great enjoyment for athletes, fans, and coaches, they also pose health risks; some of them are unavoidable, but some are preventable. 
By utilizing data and technology, we 
can establish best practices so our ath-letes can remain healthy and compete, and our sports teams can succeed. We can do that and still make certain inju-ries more preventable in the process. In 2015, we have watches that provide 
real-time data on our heart rate, ca-loric intake, and blood pressure to smartphones that can then be shared with coaches, parents, and physicians; and that is just an Apple iWatch or a Fitbit. 
Data analytics and sports go hand in 
hand these days, from mathematical algorithms as to what quarterback will be most successful on a Sunday after-noon, to the data of building a winning baseball team. 
Today’s athletic success is fueled by 
skills, knowledge, and teamwork, both on and off the field. Just as we find ways to incorporate technology and data to ensure our next generation of athletes can remain healthy and play-ing well into old age, we must also en-courage investments in the research, innovation, and technology to continue to build upon these already great achievements. 
One aspect of this can be found in 
using data analytics to better under-stand athletic injuries in our children and student athletes: for example, pre-emptively identifying vulnerabilities and assessing the lasting impact of other injuries so we can design equip-ment and enforce rules to most effec-tively avoid the likelihood of such in-juries, but do so without compromising the integrity of the competitive sports we all enjoy watching or participating in. 
Health professionals, coaches, train-
ers, and parents can utilize this data to bring about greater awareness of sound practices that can keep our student athletes healthy and in the game, not on the sidelines. 
Every preseason we read in our local 
newspaper about a student athlete who suffered a concussion during football or soccer practice. In 2013 alone, over 1.2 million children visited emergency rooms for sports-related injuries, and nearly 8 percent of these emergency room visits were concussion-related. 
Earlier this year, I had the oppor-
tunity to introduce H. Res. 112, a reso-lution, the Secondary School Student Athletes’ Bill of Rights, which encour-ages greater communication, coordina-tion, and teamwork among coaches, parents, teachers, and medical profes-sionals to ensure that our children re-ceive adequate training, safe equip-ment and facilities, and immediate, on- site injury assessment. 
The very data and tools we use to 
generate information like RBIs or yards per carry can be used to study in-cidence of injury, the impact of certain dietary habits on developing athletes, better training practices, and a host of ways to improve the safe and respon-sible athletic experience for our young-est athletes. 
With the support of over 100 diverse 
organizations dedicated to improving the health of our student athletes, in-cluding the National Athletic Trainers 
Association, the American Football Coaches Association, the American Heart Association, the National Asso-ciation of State Boards of Education, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.007 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7263 October 28, 2015 
and the American Academy of Pediat-
rics, H. Res. 112 is just one step towards encouraging and emphasizing the use, sharing, and incorporation of data and innovation in improving the safety of athletes and avoiding injury. 
While that effort deals with on-the- 
field success of our student athletes, just as important is making sure we are giving our next generation the tools they need in innovation and ana-lytics. In Congress, we should enable continued research by making a com-mitment to providing the next genera-tion of innovators with the tools to learn, develop, and ultimately succeed. 
Indeed, STEM skills, the foundation 
of innovation, lies in a dynamic, moti-vated, and a well-educated workforce equipped with science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics. As a member of the Congressional STEM Caucus, I will continue to be an advo-cate for continued funding of STEM curriculum in schools so that we can equip the next generation of scientists and mathematicians with the tools to succeed. STEM classroom lessons can be applied to sports and the data-col-lection process. Our STEM students will play a major role in leading the way for greater success on the field. 
The bottom line, we must all work 
together to continue to keep our favor-ite athletes and our children and our teams on the field and in the game, prevent injuries, and encourage life-long habits that will allow our children to lead healthier lives. By encouraging the use of technology, we can ensure our student athletes, our athletic trainers, our parents, and our coaches have the tools needed to keep our ath-letes healthy and on the field instead of on the sidelines. 
f 
RESULTS OF THE IRAN NUCLEAR 
DEAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, here in 
Congress we deal with a great number of different matters, and we vote. Sometimes we win, and sometimes we lose. But I thought it was worth spend-ing a moment this morning to take a look at how the Iran nuclear deal is going. We are 10 days since the deal has been formally adopted, and here is the update: 
The Supreme Leader has already 
begun redefining and testing the agree-ment. Earlier this month, Iran tested its new ballistic missile. The missile has a 1,000-mile range, can carry a 1,600-pound payload. The only practical use for this ballistic missile is to carry a nuclear warhead. 
The day after the test, Iran convicted 
The Washington Post journalist they have been holding. The day after that, Iran arrested, apparently, an American businessman. 
In recent weeks, Iran has begun 
partnering with Russia to undermine our policy and goals in Syria. And, of course, Iran continues to hold the four 
Americans. 
This deal was predicated on Iran 
changing its rogue behavior. We are 10 days into this deal, and so far, I have to say, we are not off to a very good start. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I think it 
is important that constituents know why their Members vote for and against different things. 
Yesterday, we saw the reauthoriza-
tion of the Export-Import Bank, and I voted ‘‘no’’ on that. Of course, I, like probably every single Member of Con-gress, have businesses in the district that I represent that use the Export- Import Bank to further their business, hire their employees, and help their community. 
So why would somebody vote against 
the Export-Import Bank? I am here to tell you why. 
We have a tradition in America of a 
free-market value and its wanted standing in the world. It is not by a corrupt system of cronyism and polit-ical favor, and that is what the Export- Import Bank is to me. 
Unfortunately, while many small 
businesses in every community use the Export-Import Bank, fully 98 percent of businesses don’t use the Export-Import Bank to do their exporting—98 percent. But that is not really the issue. The issue is other things. 
For instance, between 2007 and 2014, 
more than 51 percent of all Ex-Im sub-sidies benefited just 10—10—corpora-tions. One in particular benefited from $66.7 billion in subsidies during the past 7 years. 
We can’t fix Social Security, and we 
can’t afford our military. But we can sure afford for 10 corporations to get 51 percent, because it is not really about the small business in your community, generally speaking. As a matter of fact, foreign firms that receive most of Ex-Im financing are large corporations that primarily purchase exports from U.S. conglomerates, not from Main Street businesses. 
Five of the top 10 buyers are state- 
controlled and rake in millions of dol-lars from their own governments, in addition to Ex-Im Bank subsidies that the taxpayers are on the hook for. 
Five of 10 are involved in exploration, 
development, and production of oil or natural gas, these foreign firms col-lecting subsidies from American tax-payers at the same time that this ad-ministration is restricting domestic oil and gas operations right here at home. Consequently, the Federal Government has doubly disadvantaged U.S. energy firms through excessive regulation and Ex-Im Bank subsidies granted to for-eign competitors. 
Now, sometimes in Washington it is 
not what you know, but it is who you know. Of the 16 members of the Ex-Im 
Bank’s 2014 advisory committee, half, fully half, were executives at compa-nies or unions that directly benefited from Ex-Im financing during their term—fully half. 
Does that sound remotely suspicious 
to anybody? 
Another five members represent com-
panies or unions that received Ex-Im assistance shortly before they joined, and I will give you an example. 
Since 2011, former Energy Secretary 
and New Mexico Governor Bill Richard-son has held a seat on Spanish energy company Abengoa’s international advi-sory board. Shortly after joining the firm, Mr. Richardson was appointed to the Ex-Im advisory board, right around the same time the two Ex-Im Bank loans benefiting Abengoa were issued. Fascinating coincidence. Those tax-payer-backed loans totaled around $150 million. 
Supporters of Ex-Im argue that the 
advisory committee members being as-sociated with their beneficiaries is a positive feature. To the contrary, I think it shows that a corporate cro-
nyism atmosphere exists at Ex-Im and will continue to exist at Ex-Im. 
The office of the IG and the GAO, the 
Government Accountability Office, re-peatedly document mismanagement, dysfunction within Ex-Im, including inefficient policies and procedures to guard against waste, fraud, and abuse. 
b1100 
Fully 124 investigations have been 
initiated between October 2007 and March 2014, as well as 792 separate claims involving more than $500 mil-lion, and 74 administrative actions since April of 2009 in which bank offi-cials were forced to act internally on the basis of investigations by the in-spector general. 
The Congressional Budget Office re-
ported that Ex-Im programs actually operate at a deficit, because we also are told that it makes the American taxpayer money; but we don’t really know, because they use their own ac-counting system not used anywhere else. Actually, the CBO says that will cost taxpayers $2 billion in the next decade. 
And you wonder why certain Mem-
bers of Congress don’t vote for this thing. It is not about the small busi-nesses in our communities that are trying to do a good job and play by the rules, because they are doing a good job and playing by the rules. But there is a bigger issue here. There is more to the story. 
The new bill that we just passed 
guarantees an audit every 4 years— every 4 years. But keep in mind that Ex-Im currently has around 30 open in-vestigations, 75 years of combined pris-on time, 90 criminal indictments and complaints, 49 criminal judgments, more than $223 million in court-ordered fines and restitution, and I could go on. 
Mr. Speaker, the Ex-Im Bank doesn’t 
do everything it could for small busi-ness, but it does a lot for people that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7264 October 28, 2015 
know people in this town. That is why 
it must be reformed or ended. 
f 
UNRWA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
for years, I have been pushing for the United States to reexamine its rela-tionship with UNRWA, the U.N. Relief and Works Agency. 
UNRWA employs individuals affili-
ated with Hamas, a U.S.-designated terrorist organization that openly and loudly incites violence against Israel; yet the United States—which means the U.S. taxpayer—sends nearly $300 million a year to this organization, to UNRWA without questioning, without scrutiny. 
Just last week, the U.N. quietly sus-
pended several individuals after allega-tions of incitement were brought forth from the NGO U.N. Watch. And we thank U.N. Watch for carefully looking over this organization. 
These allegations, Mr. Speaker, are 
just the tip of the iceberg. We must not continue to send taxpayer dollars to UNRWA—again, that is the United Na-tions Relief and Works Agency—and, subsequently, to individuals tied to the terror group Hamas in violation of our laws. 
That is why, Mr. Speaker, earlier 
this week, I reintroduced my bill that would stop all U.S. contributions to UNRWA until the organization purges its payroll of individuals who incite vi-olence against Israel and until that or-ganization ends all its affiliations with Hamas. Is that really too much to ask, that we should demand that before U.N. agencies get one penny of U.S. taxpayer money that they must not in-cite violence and that they must no longer affiliate themselves with a U.S.- designated terrorist organization? 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this measure, to sign on as cosponsors, 
and to lead in the effort to fight the in-citement to violence against Israel. 
HONORING JACINTO ACEBAL  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to pay tribute to an extraordinary south Floridian and one of the most highly decorated veterans of the Viet-nam war, my dear friend Jacinto Acebal. 
Just last January, Mr. Acebal—or 
‘‘Ace,’’ as we all call him—was diag-nosed with larynx cancer. The news hit Ace like a ton of bricks; and, like so many others diagnosed with this hor-rible disease, the chances of a favorable outcome looked disheartening. 
However, no stranger to tough situa-
tions, Ace made a commitment to his family that he was not going without a fight. After a total of 8 chemotherapy sessions, 33 radiation treatments, and 3 different surgeries, Ace is no longer bedridden and has been declared can-cer-free. 
So I ask my colleagues to join me in 
congratulating Jacinto ‘‘Ace’’ Acebal on this incredible milestone and wish-
ing him many years of good health throughout his life. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 5 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Bishop Mar Awa Royel, Assyrian 
Church of the East, Salida, California, offered the following prayer: 
In the name of the Father and the 
Son and the Holy Spirit; Amen. 
Father of mercy and God of every 
consolation, we come to You at this hour asking You to bless our civil serv-ants as they labor for our country and its citizens. Grant them Your wisdom and enlighten them with Your truth that they might serve the greater good of our country. 
Strengthen them to be instruments 
of peace and justice in our society today. May they bring about reconcili-ation and hope in our communities and neighborhoods, and may they be exem-plary citizens and servants to their constituents, without distinction of race or creed. 
Father, we ask You to bless our land, 
which has been a beacon of hope and a refuge for the oppressed and the marginalized. Grant freedom to the captive, relief to the suffering, and help us all to construct a better and safer tomorrow for our future genera-tions of Americans. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ob-
ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) come forward and lead the 
House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. D ELBENE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING BISHOP MAR AWA 
ROYEL 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is my 
great honor today to introduce to the House our guest chaplain, Bishop Mar Awa Royel. 
Bishop Royel currently presides over 
the Holy Apostolic Catholic Assyrian Church of the East’s Diocese of Cali-fornia and serves as Secretary of the Holy Synod. He was consecrated as a Bishop in 2008 and is the first Amer-ican-born Bishop of the Assyrian Church of the East. 
Bishop Royel is one of five trustees of 
the Assyrian Church of the East Relief Organization. He is also the president of the Commission on Inter-Church Re-lations and Educational Development. 
I have been honored to know Bishop 
Royel and work with him to help raise awareness of the plight of Assyrians in the Middle East who are facing un-speakable violence and persecution. Many Central Valley residents have family members who are suffering under ISIL’s campaign of terror. I am thankful for Bishop Royel’s efforts. Bishop Royel is a gifted speaker, es-teemed author, and leader of Califor-nia’s large and faithful Assyrian com-munity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in welcoming him today. We thank him for offering this afternoon’s opening prayer in the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HULTGREN ). The Chair will entertain up 
to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING PAULA NICHOLS 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize South La Porte County Special Education Cooperative Director Paula Nichols for her dedica-tion to providing services to nearly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.011 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7265 October 28, 2015 
1,500 students of varying disabilities. 
The co-op employs 97 teachers and 50 paraprofessionals, ensuring that stu-dents receive high-quality instruction and have positive learning experiences. 
Currently, the demand for qualified 
teachers, especially in special ed, is in-creasing at a pace far greater than ex-isting communities can produce. My thanks for Paula’s dedication. 
This co-op provides students with 
services that empower students to be-come active members of society based on their individual strengths and abili-ties. Last year, I visited the South La Porte County Special Education Coop-erative and saw firsthand the great work of this organization. 
I am grateful to Paula Nichols and 
the co-op for working with parents, schools, students, and the community to create an environment that cele-brates and embraces individuality and accommodates diverse learning needs. Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring Paula Nichols for her tireless dedication to students in La Porte County. 
f 
PROTECTING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE 
AND STALKING VICTIMS ACT 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, Octo-
ber is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. This month is a time for all of us to examine the work that must be done so that every American can live free from the fear of domestic violence. 
All of us would do well this month to 
consider the destructive role that guns can and do play in incidents of domes-tic violence. From 2001 until 2012, 6,410 women were killed by a gun wielded by an intimate partner. That number is nearly 1,100 more than the total num-ber of American soldiers who were killed in Iraq and Afghanistan over the same time period. 
Despite this fact, many domestic 
abusers can still legally purchase a gun. There is no Federal prohibition to prevent the sale of a gun to someone convicted of a misdemeanor crime in a dating partner relationship or someone convicted of misdemeanor stalking of-fenses. 
I am proud to be an original cospon-
sor of the Protecting Domestic Vio-lence and Stalking Victims Act, which Congresswoman L
OISCAPPS has intro-
duced, to close these loopholes imme-diately. 
Let’s get to work to end this epi-
demic and protect the lives of women across our country during Domestic Vi-olence Awareness Month. 
f 
OXI DAY 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
because 75 years ago this week, the Nazis were sweeping through Europe 
with frightening ease. This was the backdrop on the early morning of Octo-ber 28, 1940, when the Axis forces re-quested a meeting with the Greek Prime Minister, Ioannis Metaxas. 
The Axis’ agenda for the meeting was 
a short one. They came with only one simple demand: Greece must uncondi-tionally surrender and allow the Axis forces unfettered use of strategic mili-tary sites or the Greek people would face war. 
The Axis forces clearly underesti-
mated the resolve of the Greeks. Prime Minister Metaxas shocked the Axis powers by giving his now famous one- word answer: ‘‘Oxi.’’ 
While others in Europe were choosing 
to stay out of the conflict in hopes that they would be spared, the Greeks will-ingly inserted themselves into the fray, costing hundreds of thousands of Greek lives, but saving millions by contin-ually stifling the Axis forces. 
Greece’s refusal saved countless lives 
as Greek forces fought heroically; but Greece paid a terrible price as well, los-ing practically an entire generation of men and women. 
As we remember Oxi Day and the 
bravery of the Greek people, let us also remember the millions of Greeks who perished so that Hitler might be stopped. 
f 
TRINITY RIVER MISSION 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commend the Trinity River Mission for their dedicated efforts to ensure that all children can achieve academic success. I recently visited Trinity River Mission and was so moved and impressed by what I saw and learned. 
Today, the Trinity River Mission is a 
volunteer-based community learning center, servicing the educational needs of children, youth, and families in West Dallas. The organization provides a safe environment, nutritional meals, and an after-school program to support youth in grades K through 12 at abso-lutely no cost to their families. 
What I saw that day was hundreds of 
kids and volunteers like Dolores Sosa Green, Rosie Cisneros, and other volun-teers who have come back to the com-munity to work with these kids to show them that they can achieve any-thing through education. 
f 
BREE SANDLIN 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, October is 
Breast Cancer Awareness Month. 
I would like to share the story of a 
breast cancer survivor I met last week at home. Her name is Bree Sandlin. She is married to Stephen. They have two sons, Beck and Elliott. Elliott is a 
master Lego engineer. 
On July 25, 2012, Bree was diagnosed 
with stage III triple-negative breast cancer. After major surgery and chem-otherapy, Bree was cancer free by Feb-ruary 13, 2013. 
A proud Texas Aggie, Bree has em-
braced life after her cancer. She climbed Mount Kilimanjaro, 19,341 feet above sea level. This past Sunday, she ran the Marine Corps Marathon with a time of 5 hours, 39 minutes, and 10 sec-onds. 
We can beat breast cancer. Just ask 
Bree Sandlin. 
f 
LGBT HISTORY MONTH 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, as LGBT 
History Month draws to a close, I rise today to recognize Chicago LGBT ac-tivist Henry Gerber, a man well ahead of his time. 
Mr. Gerber founded the Society for 
Human Rights in 1924. It was the first chartered gay rights organization in the United States. His home in Chi-cago’s north side, my district, served as the society’s headquarters, and from there he published the first-known gay interest periodical in the U.S. 
Unfortunately, his activism carried 
risks. Less than a year after he founded the society, police raided his home, ar-rested him, and confiscated his posses-sions. He was put on trial three times. Although he was never convicted of a crime, he lost his life savings, his rep-utation, and his job. 
Thankfully, our country has come a 
long way in the fight for equality, but we can all learn from Henry Gerber’s struggle for human rights in the face of overwhelming adversity. 
f 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT 
COLONEL TIMOTHY REDDY 
(Mr. BYRNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to remember the life of Lieuten-ant Colonel Timothy Reddy, a resident of Baldwin County, Alabama. 
Colonel Reddy graduated from the 
United States Military Academy at West Point in 1976 and was Active-Duty military for 23 years, including a com-bat tour with the 82nd Airborne Divi-sion in Grenada. 
Following his military service, Colo-
nel Reddy began a 15-year career teach-ing math and coaching soccer and swim team at Fairhope High School in my district. He was known for pushing his students to the next level and making them better people. I can personally at-test to Colonel Reddy’s teaching abil-ity because my children were his stu-dents and they considered him one of their all-time favorite teachers. And he was tough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.013 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7266 October 28, 2015 
So on behalf of Alabama’s First Con-
gressional District, I want to share our deepest condolences with Colonel Reddy’s loved ones. He was a great American and an extraordinary educa-tor. Colonel Reddy made a positive im-pact in the lives of so many, and his legacy will live on in his students, his family, and his friends. 
f 
b1215 
FARM TO SCHOOL MONTH 
(Ms. D ELBENE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate Farm to School Month. Having healthy foods in our schools is crucial. We know that, when students are provided with wholesome foods, they are more likely to pay at-tention in class and to learn. In addi-tion, by introducing kids to a variety of fruits and vegetables at a young age, we can teach them how to eat healthy over the long term. 
We are fortunate in my district to 
have farmers who grow some of the best food in the world. If our children know where their food comes from, they are also more likely to be pas-sionate and connected to their food choices. 
Across our region hundreds of dif-
ferent fruits and vegetables are grown. These crops provide fresh, quality foods to our schools. Why buy berries from another State when we can purchase them from our local farmers? 
I strongly support the efforts of our 
local Farm to School movement and recognize those working to increase ac-cess to nutritious foods in schools. 
f 
WORKING TOWARDS A CURE 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, the month 
of October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and I rise today to call atten-tion and awareness to this disease and to recognize the many women and men in America who are fighting it. 
The American Cancer Society esti-
mates that more than 230,000 women and 2,350 men will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year and over 40,000 women and men will, sadly, lose their battle. 
Every day brilliant researchers in 
our country are working towards a cure. We must honor their commit-ment with full funding of the National Institutes of Health to ensure that we are meeting our commitment to them and the millions of lives affected by cancer each year. 
That is why I supported the 21st Cen-
tury Cures bill that passed the House earlier this year with a majority of each party in support. That is also why I am renewing my call to double NIH funding over the coming decade to re-cruit, retain, and invest in the people 
and research that will save lives, grow our economy, and save us trillions. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the 
‘‘moonshot,’’ as our Vice President called it earlier this week. It is time for this Congress to make curing can-cer its signature priority. 
f 
LET’S CLOSE THE LOOPHOLES 
(Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, what do 
the mayors of cities like Houston, Texas; Tallahassee, Florida; and Port-land, Maine, have in common? They all support closing loopholes in our back-ground check laws, loopholes that let convicted felons and those with severe mental illness buy deadly weapons. That is just one of the findings from Politico magazine’s recent ‘‘What Works’’ survey of mayors from across the country. 
In red States and in blue States in 
every part of this country, 90 percent of mayors say they want stronger background checks, 86 percent say they want the gun show loophole closed, and 78 percent want those subject to re-straining orders barred from ever buy-ing guns. It is no surprise why. 
America’s mayors witness up close 
the gun violence that plagues our coun-try every day. They know the victims of the homicides, the suicides, the acci-dental shootings, and the domestic gun violence that leave families forever shattered. They know how hollow the gun lobby sounds when it says there is nothing we can do to prevent more tragedies, and they know that it is within the power of this Congress to fix the laws that do not work and to save the lives that need not be lost. 
f 
ACUPUNCTURE FOR HEROES AND 
SENIORS ACT 
(Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, acupuncture is one of the old-est medical treatments in the world. Here in the U.S., the demand for acu-puncture has grown significantly in re-cent years. 
In fact, about 4 in 10 American adults 
use alternative medicines. When other treatments may not help, acupuncture can treat chronic pain, mental health issues, substance abuse, and many other illnesses. 
I will never forget hearing the testi-
mony of a woman who had severe back pain, but did not want invasive sur-gery, as suggested by her doctor, and possible addiction to morphine. In-stead, she sought acupuncture, and it worked for her. 
Indeed, the National Institutes of 
Health indicates that, for some med-ical issues, acupuncture can provide the needed relief. It is my goal to make this treatment available to all Ameri-cans, including seniors, our brave serv-
icemembers, and respected veterans. 
Today I am introducing a bill to do 
just that. This bill, the Acupuncture for Heroes and Seniors Act, will expand access to acupuncture services to these communities because they deserve to have all the tools at their disposal to live long and healthy lives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DANNY KORNEGAY 
(Mr. ROUZER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, this 
country is blessed with incredibly tal-ented and God-fearing families and in-dividuals. One great example is Danny Kornegay, a constituent and friend who was recently named the 2015 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Expo Southeastern Farmer of the Year. 
Danny began farming 25 acres right 
after graduating high school and dur-ing the past 45 years has grown his op-eration to more than 5,500 acres, pro-ducing tobacco, sweet potatoes, cotton, soybeans, wheat, and peanuts. He also finishes about 8,000 to 10,000 head of hog per year. 
My family and I have known Danny 
for many years. Farm families like his prove agriculture is in very capable hands, and they are the reason Amer-ica continues to produce the best and safest food supply in the world. 
Danny’s commitment to agriculture, 
our community, and our State is un-paralleled. I know his family and many friends are proud of him. In fact, we are all proud of him. 
f 
PASS DAPA FOR SOPHIE CRUZ 
AND OTHERS 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, the poster 
beside me depicts the moment in Pope Francis’ parade through D.C. when a little girl snuck through the barrier and was lifted into the Pope’s arms on live TV. 
That little girl is a constituent of 
mine, Sophie Cruz, a 5-year-old from the City of South Gate. She is one of 5 million children who are American citizens, but whose undocumented par-ents face deportation. She gave the Pope a T-shirt with a message in Span-ish that read: ‘‘Pope, rescue DAPA so the legalization can be your blessing.’’ 
Deferred Action for Parental Ac-
countability, or DAPA, is a program that would stop the deportation of par-ents of American children. So far, DAPA faces strong opposition. But is this really what we want, to separate families, to leave American children in the United States without their par-ents? 
I could not be more proud to have 
Sophie as my constituent. Last night my office honored her with a congres-sional certificate at a ceremony at the South Gate City Hall. I wish that I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.014 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7267 October 28, 2015 
could have been there last night, but I 
want Sophie to know that I support her and that I will be fighting for DAPA for her and for the 5 million children just like her across this great country. 
f 
WE MUST COMBAT THE HEROIN 
EPIDEMIC 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to discuss new bipartisan steps my House New Hampshire colleague, F
RANK GUINTA , and I are taking to 
combat the heroin epidemic seizing New Hampshire and many other States across this country. 
Last year in New Hampshire alone we 
experienced 321 drug-related deaths, ac-cording to the State medical exam-iner’s office, and the rate of drug-re-lated fatalities in 2015 is expected to in-crease. 
I continue to see the impacts of this 
terrible epidemic as I meet with af-fected communities and stakeholders across my district. From educators to police officers, to advocates and health providers, it is only when we stand united and coordinate our efforts that we will be able to halt the destruction that this dangerous substance is caus-ing all across our communities. 
That is why I ask my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle to join me and my fellow Representative from New Hampshire in our Bipartisan Task Force to Combat the Heroin Epidemic. This task force will focus on finding so-lutions to the growing epidemic. We believe we must do everything possible to spread awareness, increase edu-cational efforts, and hear from affected families and individuals. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join us to end this epidemic in our communities. 
f 
OCTOBER IS NATIONAL FARM TO 
SCHOOL MONTH 
(Ms. PINGREE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, October 
is National Farm to School Month, and I want to talk today about the recent gains our schools have made in con-necting students with local food. 
Across the country, the Farm to 
School movement has inspired over 40,000 schools to spend more of their food dollars locally, to create healthier meal options, and to teach students about growing and preparing local food. These efforts have brought nu-merous benefits, like new markets for local agricultural producers, better nu-trition for students, and less food being thrown away in the trash. 
I am proud that schools in my State 
of Maine have helped lead the way; but, like others, they encounter many chal-lenges in replacing highly processed food with fresh ingredients. The USDA Farm to School grants 
have eased that transition for many schools by helping them make needed changes in procurement, facilities, and training. As we celebrate Farm to School efforts this month and look to-ward child nutrition reauthorization, I encourage my colleagues to support in-creased funding for this program so more communities can reap the bene-fits. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR PHYLLIS PELKY 
(Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mex-
ico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Air Force Major Phyllis Pelky, who died earlier this month in a helicopter crash in Kabul, Afghanistan. 
As a Major in the Air Force, Phyllis 
Pelky served her nation with distinc-tion as aide-de-camp to the super-intendent of the Air Force Academy. Major Pelky had been deployed in sup-port of Operation Freedom’s Sentinel in Afghanistan, working as the deputy manpower chief of the American Train, Advise and Assist Command. 
As we take this moment to honor the 
service and patriotism of Major Pelky and recognize her sacrifice, the ulti-mate sacrifice as a member of our armed services, we also thank her for her contributions in the classroom. 
Major Pelky was a beloved human-
ities teacher at the Rio Rancho High School. Her commitment to her stu-dents, combined with her enthusiasm, encouraged them to learn. She left a lasting impact on those who were for-tunate to have her as a teacher. Her enduring spirit will live on through the many students she inspired. 
As we mourn the passing of Phyllis 
Pelky and celebrate her life, my thoughts and prayers are with her hus-band, her two sons, her family, and the Rio Rancho community during this sad time. 
f 
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, October is 
Domestic Violence Awareness Month. One in three women report experi-encing domestic violence throughout their lifetimes. In North Carolina alone, 108 people died because of do-mestic violence in 2013. 
Earlier today Ron Kimble, deputy 
city manager of Charlotte, who resides in my district, spoke at the new Mem-bers meeting about the severity of do-mestic violence. Mr. Kimble and his wife, Jan, lost their daughter Jamie, an only child, to domestic violence in 2012. 
Jamie, a 31-year-old graduate of the 
University of North Carolina and rising star at Coca-Cola Consolidated, worked up the courage to leave her boyfriend, 
who was controlling and emotionally abusive. Just 3 months after leaving him, he took her life and then he took his own in a murder-suicide. 
While Jamie can no longer share her 
story, her parents—Mr. and Mrs. Kimble—wanted me to share it with you today to shed light on the tragedy that often emerges from domestic vio-lence. 
I am a proud cosponsor of the Teach 
Safe Relationships Act because I be-lieve including safe relationship behav-ior curriculum in sex education will help combat domestic violence. This Domestic Violence Awareness Month, I urge this Congress to pass the Teach Safe Relationships Act and support other critical domestic violence legis-lation. 
f 
FIGHTING BACK AGAINST BREAST 
CANCER 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to recognize October as Breast Cancer Awareness Month and all the men and women working to raise awareness in north Florida. 
About one in eight U.S. women will 
be diagnosed with invasive breast can-cer over the course of her lifetime. Ap-proximately 43,000 will be diagnosed in Florida in this year alone. But in north Florida, we are fighting back. 
Local charities, media outlets, sur-
vivors, and strong women currently fighting the disease are standing up to be heard and reminding everyone to ‘‘Think Pink.’’ 
Each year we make greater strides 
against breast cancer. Together we are going to beat it and save lives. 
f 
b1230 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, last 
evening, I voted against reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, a Federal en-tity that financially backs purchases of American goods and services by pro-viding taxpayer-backed loans and loan guarantees to foreign companies and governments. 
While the Ex-Im Bank can help 
American industry break into foreign markets, too often it underwrites pur-chases by companies that directly com-pete with domestic companies, placing them at a significant disadvantage. For example, when foreign airlines pur-chase aircraft at lower costs with Ex- Im Bank backing, they are able to charge lower fares and outcompete our domestic airlines. 
The Federal Government should en-
sure that competition occurs on a level 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.016 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7268 October 28, 2015 
playing field, without tilting it toward 
one side or another. 
Furthermore, Ex-Im Bank supporters 
used a discharge petition to bring this bill to the floor, a parliamentary tactic which limits the use of amendments and creates an end run around the nor-mal committee process that should apply to every measure considered by Congress. 
It is the American public that shoul-
ders the risk of these loans, and, at the very minimum, they deserve an honest debate on this floor on the best way to move forward in promoting our exports abroad. 
f 
BIPARTISAN BUDGET AGREEMENT 
(Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in support of the bipartisan budget agreement that will come before us here in the House soon. It restores crit-ical funding for our Nation’s defense and domestic priorities in a balanced fashion, sparing us from the mindless meat-ax cuts of sequestration. 
Under previous Republican budget 
proposals, spending on domestic pro-grams would have fallen to its lowest level in 50 years. It is the threat of un-certainty, of those indiscriminate cuts, that has held back our economy. 
This agreement also pulls us back 
from the brink of defaulting on our Na-tion’s credit. Although I am astounded at how some of our colleagues continue to advocate for such a catastrophe, it would send a shock wave through the global economy. We avert that in this agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, governing is about the 
art of compromise. Today’s agreement, not perfect, represents that principle. I hope your successor and, frankly, more of the Members on your side of the aisle, will embrace that spirit moving forward in this Congress so, once again, we can start delivering for the Amer-ican people. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EX-EMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 495 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 495 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the Ma-jority Leader or his designee that the House 
concur in the Senate amendment with the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution modified by the amendment print-ed in part B of that report. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be consid-ered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader or their respective designees. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), my 
good friend, pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of H.R. 1314, the Bipartisan Budget Agreement of 2015. The rule makes in order a motion offered by the majority leader that the House concur in the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 1314, with an amendment consisting of the text of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement of 2015. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the majority leader and the minority leader. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to start with a 
phrase I often share with my fellow Members: In a negotiation, you are al-ways going to get less than you want and give up more than you would like. I think that is a fitting way to describe the bill we find ourselves presented with today. In an era of divided govern-ment, that is the reality we find our-selves in. 
At the beginning of the negotiation, 
the President demanded a clean debt ceiling increase with no changes and no conditions. In addition, he wanted more spending and higher taxes. Given that, I think the deal that we have be-fore us is a testament to our leader-ship’s ability to negotiate. 
As I said yesterday, Mr. Speaker, no-
body is going to be popping champagne corks at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue over this bill. It is what most things are in divided government, in a system of checks and balances, and in an era of polarized politics. It is a deal that leaves both sides unsatisfied, but it is a deal that avoids default, pre-vents a government shutdown, and ade-quately funds our military. Moreover, it reforms and funds the Social Secu-rity Disability Insurance Fund, saving 
it from bankruptcy, and prevents a crippling increase in the premiums paid by many people who receive Medi-care part B. 
There are any number of provisions 
that Members on both sides can point to as reasons to oppose this legislation. I, myself, would have negotiated a dif-ferent deal. But in determining one’s support for this legislation, I encour-age Members to look at what the alter-native would be, and that is this: the first default on our Nation’s debt in the history of this country, significant cuts to our military in a time when we need our military the most, and an al-most 50 percent increase in Medicare premiums for many of our seniors. That is the reality of what happens if we do nothing. 
Mr. Speaker, I am encouraged by a 
number of provisions in this legisla-tion. First, just like the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, this legislation sets forth 2 years of budget certainty for the Appropriations Committee. That certainty puts us on a path to ensure consideration of full-year spending bills for the next 2 years, just as we were able to accomplish this past fiscal year. 
In addition, this budget certainty 
provides the needed investment for our military. With the ongoing conflicts across the Middle East, Russian activ-ity in Eastern Europe, and Chinese claims in the South China Sea, it is clearer now than ever that America needs a robust military. 
Mr. Speaker, most importantly, all 
these discretionary spending increases are fully paid for by offsets in manda-tory programs. 
In addition to these critical invest-
ments, the legislation before us makes a number of commonsense, structural reforms to SSDI, like requiring a med-ical review before awarding benefits, and expanding Cooperative Disability Investigations units to investigate so-phisticated fraud schemes before bene-fits are awarded. These reforms both ensure that the disability trust fund will be able to pay full benefits and en-sure that those who truly are disabled have access to this important program. 
Beyond that, Mr. Speaker, this legis-
lation realizes over $30 billion in Medi-care savings within the budget window and countless billions in years to come. 
I am pleased to again be talking 
about the real drivers of our debt: the two-thirds of our government spending that is on autopilot. If we are unable to deal with these mandatory programs, they will end up bankrupting us. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, this legislation 
suspends the debt ceiling through March 15, 2017. Since its inception in 1917, 20 debt limit laws also included a change in fiscal policy. I am pleased that this debt limit increase is yet again accompanied by mandatory re-forms. 
Of course, Mr. Speaker, I would have 
preferred stronger reforms, but, in this era of divided government with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.018 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7269 October 28, 2015 
Democratic President and a Republican 
Congress, no one will be able to get ev-erything they want. 
The President wanted a clean debt 
limit increase. Congress wanted signifi-cant entitlement reforms. What we are left with is a compromise which lowers the trajectory of our debt, but also assures the world that the United States will pay its bills. 
While not a perfect piece of legisla-
tion, I believe this moves us in the right direction and funds critical prior-ities for our Nation. I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
here to do my part of the rule. I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma, my friend, for yielding me the time, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement before us. Instead of the brinksmanship and short-term stopgaps that we have seen, we have, I am glad to say, a 2- year budget agreement that eases the burden of the damaging sequester cuts, protects seniors, affirms the full faith and credit of the United States, and provides much-needed economic sta-bility and security to our Nation. 
This agreement provides relief from 
90 percent of the sequester’s cuts for the next 2 years. While we should eliminate the sequester in its entirety, this is a welcome respite from the se-quester’s grip, ensuring a renewed in-vestment in research, infrastructure, and early childhood education. 
The agreement also includes a clean 
way to pay the debts that Congress has already incurred and will eliminate the threat of a debt limit standoff for the next 2 years. 
We should remember that the last 
time politics were played over the debt limit, our credit rating was down-graded for the first time in our history and our economy suffered. 
Because of this agreement, the non-
partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that the certainty that this budget agreement creates will encour-age the growth of 340,000 new jobs in 2016 alone. 
The Los Angeles Times Editorial 
Board wrote this morning that the budget agreement will provide ‘‘a wel-come measure of stability at a time of increasing anxiety about the global economy.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
the text of the editorial from the Los Angeles Times entitled ‘‘J
OHN BOEH-
NER’s Last Deal Leaves Congress Better 
Off.’’ 
[From the Los Angeles Times, Oct. 28, 2015] 
JOHNBOEHNER ’SLASTDEALLEAVES  
CONGRESS BETTER OFF 
In a parting gift to the conservatives who 
hectored him out of office, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R–Ohio) negotiated a budg-et agreement with Senate leaders and the Obama administration that increases federal spending and raises the debt ceiling in ex-change for—well, not much that Republicans covet. There are no big changes in entitle-
ments, no defunding of Planned Parenthood. Yet this backroom deal delivers the goods that matter most: It will avert the risk of a shutdown until after the next president takes office, providing a welcome measure of stability at a time of increasing anxiety about the global economy. 
Boehner had said he wanted to ‘‘clean the 
barn’’ for his replacement—most likely Rep. Paul D. Ryan (R–Wis.)—which meant dis-posing of four divisive issues with rapidly ap-proaching deadlines. The federal government is days away from hitting its borrowing limit. Federal agencies are slated to run out of funding in early December. The Social Se-curity trust fund for disability benefits is ex-pected to be empty by late 2016. And millions of elderly and disabled Americans face a whopping 52% increase in their Medicare Part B premiums at year’s end. 
The compromise negotiated by congres-
sional leaders and the White House would re-solve all of these issues in the time-honored way: giving everyone much of what they want, then paying for it with budget gim-micks. The debt ceiling would be suspended until March 2017, the budget caps lifted for two fiscal years, disability benefits assured through 2022 and Medicare premium in-creases made less dramatic. Without these steps, Congress risks defaulting on debts, forcing a government shutdown and deliv-ering a painful financial blow to vulnerable Americans. None of those outcomes should even be contemplatable, and yet Congress’ record of dysfunction over the last four years makes them all real possibilities absent a deal like the one Boehner negotiated. 
Obviously, it would be better for Congress 
to make real choices about spending instead of relying on accounting legerdemain to make the numbers look good. The proposed fix for disability insurance, for example, would take the money out of a fund for fu-ture retirement benefits; that’s a reprieve, not a solution. But when Congress ignores a problem until the last minute, it takes real solutions off the table, leaving lawmakers to choose between pragmatism and the sort of posturing that dissident House Republicans have made their stock in trade. Credit Boeh-ner with opting for one last deal rather than showing the country again that the House GOP’s reach exceeds its grasp. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, this 
agreement avoids the harmful cuts to Medicare and Social Security bene-ficiaries by reforming tax compliance among hedge funds and private equity funds, ensuring that people in the top bracket pay their fair share. 
The agreement also limits any in-
crease in the Medicare part B pre-miums for 2016, protecting millions of seniors from a roughly 50 percent rate hike. It does this by spreading out the cost of replenishing the Medicare trust fund over a number of years, and it pre-vents this kind of rate hike from hap-pening again in 2017. 
The health savings included in this 
agreement focus on well-documented areas of overpayment and improved program integrity, clearing out waste in the system. 
What’s more, the agreement avoids 
the deep cuts to Social Security Dis-ability Insurance benefits that would occur at the end of next year, ensuring it continues to pay benefits without re-ducing benefit levels or imposing new eligibility restrictions. Social Security Disability will survive, but with re-forms to ensure accountability and fis-
cal prudence that are long overdue. 
These are good steps forward. The 
agreement represents significant progress for hardworking American families, and for the next 2 years, we have come out of the sequester’s shad-ow. Together, we have found a way for-ward to confront the challenges we face as a nation. 
This agreement is the first bipartisan 
budget bill we have seen in quite awhile. It serves as a roadmap that will lead us through the appropriations process; but until we finish that proc-ess, we are still on the path toward a government shutdown. 
However, with the reauthorization of 
the Export-Import Bank yesterday and now the introduction of this budget 
agreement, I am hopeful that this House can make progress on issues that are important to America and to our economy. We have sort of grown accustomed to governing by crisis with stopgap measures that do harm to the Nation. 
When J
OHN BOEHNER assumed the 
Speakership, he promised an open proc-ess for all Members; but what we have seen is that one party has been consist-ently shut out and only allowed to par-ticipate in fits and starts, which si-lences half the voices of our Nation. We have seen politicized select committees and political maneuvers, and we hope that the cries to the Speaker-in-wait-ing for open legislative process will in-clude both parties and include all voices. 
This agreement, with a 2-year out-
look, with input from leadership from both Chambers of Congress and the White House, has, perhaps, marked a turning point. Only time will tell. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1245 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I just want to make a couple of 
points. First, I want to thank my good friend for her work on this and her co-operation. I agree with many of the points she made, certainly about the fact that I hope this heralds a new be-ginning. 
Worth noting, we did have a budget 
agreement 2 years ago, and that worked pretty well for a couple of years. I am pleased to see that this fol-low-on agreement is here before us today. I think it will give us 2 years of stability. 
My friend will understand if I take 
mild exception with some of her re-marks about being shut out of the process. Those of us who were here in the minority on the Republican side of the aisle certainly remember not being allowed to offer amendments to the Af-fordable Care Act, seeing the stimulus act come to the floor with no com-mittee, and, frankly, having the long- time practice of appropriations bills coming under open rules totally sus-pended. 
But, in the spirit of cooperation 
today, I will leave it at that. Let’s look 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.019 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7270 October 28, 2015 
ahead. I think my friend is exactly 
right when she suggests this bill not only solves some important issues that are in front of us in a bipartisan way, a give-and-take way, but creates an opening and an opportunity going for-ward. 
I really think, if we get this rule 
passed—and I am sure we will—and we get the underlying legislation passed— I am sure we will be able to do that as well—that next year offers us an oppor-tunity to do what we have not done around here, really, since 2006, and that is see every single appropriations bill come to the floor under an open rule so that Members on both sides can par-ticipate in the most important process of governing ourselves, and that is the appropriation of the taxpayers’ dollars for the functioning of government. 
If we can build on this and achieve 
that, I think a lot of people on both sides of the aisle who are concerned about regular order and who, frankly, have never seen it work will have an opportunity to watch it work. 
I would suggest the fact that we al-
ready have an agreement as to what the top-line number will be on what we spend in the normal appropriations process might make it easier for a lot of the votes to be more bipartisan. 
Frankly, I know that is certainly 
possible in my committee, the Appro-priations Committee, and I think that is something that Members are genu-inely looking for: an opportunity to de-bate priorities and discuss, but also to come together when there is common ground. 
Again, I want to look at this bill. I 
know there will be some controversy about it today and there will be some people who would have liked to have done some things differently. Frankly, I suspect every Member would like to do things differently. 
But the reality is we are in a period 
of divided government. We do operate in a system of checks and balances. It has been an exceptionally polarizing political environment. The fact that, with all of those challenges, the Speak-er, the majority leader, the President, and the respective minority leaders of both Chambers could come together and find enough common ground to ac-complish the things that this accom-plishes is something that we ought to laud, not to disparage. 
I look forward to working with my 
friend. I look forward to this becoming the foundation for a much more pro-ductive 2016, where we can do some-thing we have not done for a long time, and that is operate under regular order throughout the entire appropriations process. That is going to be my New Year’s resolution after we get an omni-bus done. 
I think this will set the ground for 
getting that done by early December and we can have stability next year and an opportunity to legislate the way I think most Members, regardless of party or philosophical point of view, want to legislate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tlewoman from New York (Mrs. C ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and the ranking member on the Rules Committee for yielding to me and for her extraordinary leadership for the State of New York and for so many issues before this body. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my 
strong support for this 2-year budget bill and the exemplary bipartisan co-operation that made it possible. Al-though this bill is by no means perfect, it is a good bill. It is good for the econ-omy and good for the country. 
It will ensure our Nation maintains 
the full faith and credit of global finan-cial markets. It protects millions of Americans from an enormous Medicare premium increase. It frees us from the uncertainty that roils markets and worries businesses, both big and small. 
While I support the compromise, I 
would like to raise some concerns about its impact on hospitals in the district that I represent. 
The bill puts restrictions on which 
hospital-affiliated facilities can be con-sidered outpatient departments and re-imbursed at hospital rates. 
Under the bill going forward, ac-
quired facilities that are a certain dis-tance from the main campus of hos-pitals will be reimbursed, but at a lower rate. They will be reimbursed for services as a regular doctor’s visit. Ex-isting sites will be grandfathered, but those that are under construction will be exempted and charged the lower rate. 
This will be a challenge in areas, like 
the district that I represent, where in-creasing demand collides with the lack of physical space to cause scattered hospital-affiliated facilities. I hope to work with my colleagues to improve the changes made to these outpatient services Medicare payments. 
I commend all who have worked with 
such goodwill on this budget. I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I want to say I think my good friend 
from New York makes an excellent point. There are going to be some issues like this that I think we need to look at very carefully in the coming weeks and perhaps find some common ground on. In an agreement of this magnitude, occasionally we are going to have some problems. 
I have some other areas of concern in 
some of the offsets, agricultural crop insurance being one of them. I suspect, in the coming weeks, perhaps we can find some common ground on these issues. I certainly hope so. 
Of course, if we get an omnibus 
spending bill done, which this is the foundation or the predecessor for, then we will have a vehicle where perhaps we can address some of the concerns 
that my friend raises and as I know others have in different areas with re-spect to this agreement. 
Again, I want to thank my friend for 
bringing the issues forward. I think they are important to air and make note of. I just pledge that I will do what I can to see if we can find some common ground here and iron out some 
of these knotty problems that we have. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Will the gentleman yield? 
Mr. COLE. I certainly yield to my 
friend. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. I would like to underscore my ap-preciation to you and the ranking member for your willingness to work on correcting this. 
I believe a correction could literally 
save taxpayer dollars and be more effi-cient. The willingness to work together for better government for our country is, I think, a good step forward. 
I thank the leaders on the other side 
of the aisle for approaching this in a bi-partisan, cooperative spirit, as you are showing on the floor today. It is better for our country and certainly better for the budget in all respects. 
Thank you very, very much. I am ex-
tremely appreciative. 
Mr. COLE. Reclaiming my time, Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank my friend again. I again express my appreciation for the point that she raises and the willingness to work together. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. My scheduled speakers have not ar-rived, and I am prepared to close. 
Mr. Speaker, today we have before us 
a 2-year budget agreement that pro-tects seniors, invests in job training, and eases the burden of the sequester. 
However, unless we see the process 
through with the appropriations proc-ess, we are still on a path toward shut-down, which is not what the American people want from Congress and what the economy can’t stand. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote for 
this bipartisan agreement, for the rule, and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to just reiterate 
a number of points that I opened my remarks with. 
First, I don’t think this is a perfect 
bill. I doubt that anybody on this floor does. However, it is the only deal that can be considered in the timeframe we have before the debt limit is breached. 
Secondly, the deal ensures an appro-
priate level of discretionary govern-ment spending for the next 2 years, a level that robustly funds our military and ensures America’s security. 
Finally, this deal is fully paid for and 
includes mandatory offsets that will build over time, further decreasing the trajectory of our expanding debt, shift-ing the burden to where the true driv-ers of the debt are and where the super-committee was intended to actually 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.021 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7271 October 28, 2015 
find cuts and brings us back to fiscal 
balance. 
Before I conclude my remarks, Mr. 
Speaker, I also want to add a personal tribute, if I may, to our Speaker. This is probably the last significant piece of legislation that this body will pass under Speaker B
OEHNER ’s leadership. 
He was instrumental in forging it. 
I know there are many people who 
are critical of particular aspects of this deal or about the process. Indeed, our Speaker himself has used rather color-ful language in expressing his opinion of the process by which we arrived at this agreement. 
However, I think it is worth noting 
that, in the finest traditions of this House and the institutions that we all cherish, the Speaker, the President, the majority leader, the minority lead-er in the House, the minority leader in the Senate, came together, put aside differences, and found common ground. 
In doing so, they solved some really 
difficult issues for us. They dealt with an impending default to make sure that didn’t happen. They dealt with a potential government shutdown or at least bought us the time to deal with it between now and December 11. 
They made sure that the additional 
discretionary spending that they both agreed to was offset by a variety of means. They included a really impor-tant reform in the Social Security dis-ability system that, again, will keep it from going bankrupt and help millions of Americans who need help. 
Finally, they also made sure that 
millions of Americans who are facing literally 50 percent rate increases under Medicare part B will not have those increases. That is no small achievement. 
And J
OHN BOEHNER , for 25 years in 
this institution, from a freshman to the highest pinnacle that we have, the Speakership, has operated with integ-rity and has operated from principle, but has never been afraid to try and find common ground for people with different points of view. I, for one, ap-preciate the manner in which he has led our House, the manner in which at the very last minute he continues to work for the good of the American peo-ple and to reach across the aisle to find common ground with those with oppos-ing views and opposing partisan affili-ations. 
I appreciate the manner in which he 
has dealt with our own Conference, which is the largest since 1928, and, consequently, probably the most frac-tious. He has worked with Members of differing opinion and found common ground and brought us together. 
So I just, again, speaking for myself, 
want to say how much I have enjoyed, throughout my entire career, having had the opportunity to serve with Speaker B
OEHNER , first as a freshman 
member on his committee when he chaired Education and the Workforce, then at the leadership table when he became the leader of our party, and, fi-nally, just as another Member who ad-mires and appreciates his many, many 
accomplishments, his character, and the manner in which he has led. 
So, with that, Mr. Speaker, I want to 
again thank the Speaker of the entire House, Mr. B
OEHNER , for his distin-
guished service to this institution and to this country and for being a valued friend and a person that I genuinely ad-mire and I think people on both sides of the aisle genuinely admire. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8 
of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 58 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1453 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 2 o’clock 
and 53 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Ordering the previous question on 
House Resolution 495; and 
Adoption of House Resolution 495, if 
ordered. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1314, ENSURING TAX EX-EMPT ORGANIZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 495) providing for con-sideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal re-lating to adverse determinations of 
tax-exempt status of certain organiza-tions, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 325, nays 103, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 577] 
YEAS—325 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. Duckworth 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight 
Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.022 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7272 October 28, 2015 
Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—103 
Bass 
Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Conyers Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Edwards Ellison Engel Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego 
Garamendi Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Norcross Pallone Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott (VA) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine 
NOT VOTING—6 
Diaz-Balart Hudson Meeks 
Payne Takai 
Visclosky 
b1524 
Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. LOEBSACK 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. ROSKAM, Ms. SINEMA, Mr. 
CROWLEY, Ms. ESHOO, Mr. AGUILAR, Ms. BROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Messrs. LYNCH, NOLAN, Ms. ESTY, Messrs. FATTAH, LOWENTHAL, Ms. HAHN, Mrs. BUSTOS, Mses. WILSON of Florida, WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, ADAMS, SE-WELL of Alabama, and Mrs. BLACK changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 392, noes 37, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 578] 
AYES—392 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings 
Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding 
Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—37 
Amash 
Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Clawson (FL) DesJarlais Doggett Fleming Fudge Gohmert Gosar Griffith 
Harris Hastings Hice, Jody B. Huelskamp Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Lee Massie McDermott Mooney (WV) Mulvaney 
Perry Peters Ribble Salmon Sanford Stutzman Titus Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Yoho 
NOT VOTING—5 
Hudson 
Meeks Payne 
Takai Visclosky 
b1533 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY COMMITTEE 
ON RULES REGARDING AMEND-MENT PROCESS FOR THE DRIVE ACT 
(Mr. SESSIONS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, on 
Tuesday evening, the Rules Committee circulated a Dear Colleague outlining the amendment process for the Senate amendments to H.R. 22, the DRIVE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.004 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7273 October 28, 2015 
Act. This will be the vehicle for consid-
eration of H.R. 3763, the Surface Trans-portation Reauthorization and Reform Act. An amendment deadline has been set for Friday, October 30, at 2 p.m. 
This is an unusual amendment proc-
ess; so, I ask all Members to please read the Dear Colleague, which can be found on the Rules Committee Web site, very carefully and refer any ques-tions to the Rules Committee staff or myself, as the chairman. 
I would also like to point out that, in 
consultation with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, several changes were made to the bill, as or-dered reported. A summary of those changes can also be found on the Rules Committee Web site. Please feel free to contact me or any of our staff members if we can be of assistance. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Sherman Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 495 and as the designee of the majority leader, I call up the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). The Clerk will designate 
the Senate amendment. 
Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Trade Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. Trade negotiating objectives. Sec. 103. Trade agreements authority. Sec. 104. Congressional oversight, consulta-
tions, and access to information. 
Sec. 105. Notice, consultations, and reports. Sec. 106. Implementation of trade agreements. Sec. 107. Treatment of certain trade agreements 
for which negotiations have al-ready begun. 
Sec. 108. Sovereignty. Sec. 109. Interests of small businesses. Sec. 110. Conforming amendments; application 
of certain provisions. 
Sec. 111. Definitions. 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Application of provisions relating to 
trade adjustment assistance. 
Sec. 203. Extension of trade adjustment assist-
ance program. Sec. 204. Performance measurement and report-
ing. 
Sec. 205. Applicability of trade adjustment as-
sistance provisions. 
Sec. 206. Sunset provisions. Sec. 207. Extension and modification of Health 
Coverage Tax Credit. 
Sec. 208. Customs user fees. Sec. 209. Child tax credit not refundable for 
taxpayers electing to exclude for-eign earned income from tax. 
Sec. 210. Time for payment of corporate esti-
mated taxes. 
Sec. 211. Coverage and payment for renal dialy-
sis services for individuals with acute kidney injury. 
Sec. 212. Modification of the Medicare sequester 
for fiscal year 2024. 
TITLE I—TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan 
Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJECTIVES. 
(a) O VERALL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJEC-
TIVES .—The overall trade negotiating objectives 
of the United States for agreements subject to the provisions of section 103 are— 
(1) to obtain more open, equitable, and recip-
rocal market access; 
(2) to obtain the reduction or elimination of 
barriers and distortions that are directly related to trade and investment and that decrease mar-ket opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; 
(3) to further strengthen the system of inter-
national trade and investment disciplines and procedures, including dispute settlement; 
(4) to foster economic growth, raise living 
standards, enhance the competitiveness of the United States, promote full employment in the United States, and enhance the global economy; 
(5) to ensure that trade and environmental 
policies are mutually supportive and to seek to protect and preserve the environment and en-hance the international means of doing so, while optimizing the use of the world’s re-sources; 
(6) to promote respect for worker rights and 
the rights of children consistent with core labor standards of the ILO (as set out in section 111(7)) and an understanding of the relationship between trade and worker rights; 
(7) to seek provisions in trade agreements 
under which parties to those agreements ensure that they do not weaken or reduce the protec-tions afforded in domestic environmental and labor laws as an encouragement for trade; 
(8) to ensure that trade agreements afford 
small businesses equal access to international markets, equitable trade benefits, and expanded export market opportunities, and provide for the reduction or elimination of trade and investment barriers that disproportionately impact small businesses; 
(9) to promote universal ratification and full 
compliance with ILO Convention No. 182 Con-cerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labor; 
(10) to ensure that trade agreements reflect 
and facilitate the increasingly interrelated, multi-sectoral nature of trade and investment activity; 
(11) to recognize the growing significance of 
the Internet as a trading platform in inter-national commerce; 
(12) to take into account other legitimate 
United States domestic objectives, including, but not limited to, the protection of legitimate health or safety, essential security, and con-sumer interests and the law and regulations re-lated thereto; and 
(13) to take into account conditions relating to 
religious freedom of any party to negotiations for a trade agreement with the United States. 
(b) P
RINCIPAL TRADE NEGOTIATING OBJEC-
TIVES .— (1) T RADE IN GOODS .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States regarding trade in goods are— 
(A) to expand competitive market opportuni-
ties for exports of goods from the United States and to obtain fairer and more open conditions of trade, including through the utilization of glob-al value chains, by reducing or eliminating tar-iff and nontariff barriers and policies and prac-tices of foreign governments directly related to trade that decrease market opportunities for United States exports or otherwise distort United States trade; and 
(B) to obtain reciprocal tariff and nontariff 
barrier elimination agreements, including with respect to those tariff categories covered in sec-tion 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(2) T
RADE IN SERVICES .—(A) The principal ne-
gotiating objective of the United States regard-ing trade in services is to expand competitive market opportunities for United States services and to obtain fairer and more open conditions of trade, including through utilization of global value chains, by reducing or eliminating bar-riers to international trade in services, such as regulatory and other barriers that deny na-tional treatment and market access or unreason-ably restrict the establishment or operations of service suppliers. 
(B) Recognizing that expansion of trade in 
services generates benefits for all sectors of the economy and facilitates trade, the objective de-scribed in subparagraph (A) should be pursued through all means, including through a plurilateral agreement with those countries will-ing and able to undertake high standard serv-ices commitments for both existing and new services. 
(3) T
RADE IN AGRICULTURE .—The principal ne-
gotiating objective of the United States with re-spect to agriculture is to obtain competitive op-portunities for United States exports of agricul-tural commodities in foreign markets substan-tially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign exports in United States mar-kets and to achieve fairer and more open condi-tions of trade in bulk, specialty crop, and value added commodities by— 
(A) securing more open and equitable market 
access through robust rules on sanitary and phytosanitary measures that— 
(i) encourage the adoption of international 
standards and require a science-based justifica-tion be provided for a sanitary or phytosanitary measure if the measure is more restrictive than 
the applicable international standard; 
(ii) improve regulatory coherence, promote the 
use of systems-based approaches, and appro-priately recognize the equivalence of health and safety protection systems of exporting countries; 
(iii) require that measures are transparently 
developed and implemented, are based on risk assessments that take into account relevant international guidelines and scientific data, and are not more restrictive on trade than necessary to meet the intended purpose; and 
(iv) improve import check processes, including 
testing methodologies and procedures, and cer-tification requirements, 
while recognizing that countries may put in 
place measures to protect human, animal, or plant life or health in a manner consistent with their international obligations, including the WTO Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (referred to in sec-tion 101(d)(3) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(3))); 
(B) reducing or eliminating, by a date certain, 
tariffs or other charges that decrease market op-portunities for United States exports— 
(i) giving priority to those products that are 
subject to significantly higher tariffs or subsidy regimes of major producing countries; and 
(ii) providing reasonable adjustment periods 
for United States import sensitive products, in close consultation with Congress on such prod-ucts before initiating tariff reduction negotia-tions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.030 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7274 October 28, 2015 
(C) reducing tariffs to levels that are the same 
as or lower than those in the United States; 
(D) reducing or eliminating subsidies that de-
crease market opportunities for United States exports or unfairly distort agriculture markets to the detriment of the United States; 
(E) allowing the preservation of programs that 
support family farms and rural communities but do not distort trade; 
(F) developing disciplines for domestic support 
programs, so that production that is in excess of domestic food security needs is sold at world prices; 
(G) eliminating government policies that cre-
ate price depressing surpluses; 
(H) eliminating state trading enterprises 
whenever possible; 
(I) developing, strengthening, and clarifying 
rules to eliminate practices that unfairly de-crease United States market access opportunities or distort agricultural markets to the detriment of the United States, and ensuring that such rules are subject to efficient, timely, and effec-tive dispute settlement, including— 
(i) unfair or trade distorting activities of state 
trading enterprises and other administrative mechanisms, with emphasis on requiring price transparency in the operation of state trading enterprises and such other mechanisms in order to end cross subsidization, price discrimination, and price undercutting; 
(ii) unjustified trade restrictions or commercial 
requirements, such as labeling, that affect new technologies, including biotechnology; 
(iii) unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary re-
strictions, including restrictions not based on scientific principles in contravention of obliga-tions in the Uruguay Round Agreements or bi-lateral or regional trade agreements; 
(iv) other unjustified technical barriers to 
trade; and 
(v) restrictive rules in the administration of 
tariff rate quotas; 
(J) eliminating practices that adversely affect 
trade in perishable or cyclical products, while improving import relief mechanisms to recognize the unique characteristics of perishable and cy-clical agriculture; 
(K) ensuring that import relief mechanisms for 
perishable and cyclical agriculture are as acces-sible and timely to growers in the United States as those mechanisms that are used by other countries; 
(L) taking into account whether a party to 
the negotiations has failed to adhere to the pro-visions of already existing trade agreements with the United States or has circumvented obli-gations under those agreements; 
(M) taking into account whether a product is 
subject to market distortions by reason of a fail-ure of a major producing country to adhere to the provisions of already existing trade agree-ments with the United States or by the cir-cumvention by that country of its obligations under those agreements; 
(N) otherwise ensuring that countries that ac-
cede to the World Trade Organization have made meaningful market liberalization commit-ments in agriculture; 
(O) taking into account the impact that agree-
ments covering agriculture to which the United States is a party have on the United States agri-cultural industry; 
(P) maintaining bona fide food assistance pro-
grams, market development programs, and ex-port credit programs; 
(Q) seeking to secure the broadest market ac-
cess possible in multilateral, regional, and bilat-eral negotiations, recognizing the effect that si-multaneous sets of negotiations may have on United States import sensitive commodities (in-cluding those subject to tariff rate quotas); 
(R) seeking to develop an international con-
sensus on the treatment of seasonal or perish-able agricultural products in investigations re-lating to dumping and safeguards and in any other relevant area; 
(S) seeking to establish the common base year 
for calculating the Aggregated Measurement of Support (as defined in the Agreement on Agri-
culture) as the end of each country’s Uruguay Round implementation period, as reported in each country’s Uruguay Round market access schedule; 
(T) ensuring transparency in the administra-
tion of tariff rate quotas through multilateral, plurilateral, and bilateral negotiations; and 
(U) eliminating and preventing the under-
mining of market access for United States prod-ucts through improper use of a country’s system for protecting or recognizing geographical indi-cations, including failing to ensure trans-parency and procedural fairness and protecting generic terms. 
(4) F
OREIGN INVESTMENT .—Recognizing that 
United States law on the whole provides a high level of protection for investment, consistent with or greater than the level required by inter-national law, the principal negotiating objec-tives of the United States regarding foreign in-vestment are to reduce or eliminate artificial or trade distorting barriers to foreign investment, while ensuring that foreign investors in the United States are not accorded greater sub-stantive rights with respect to investment pro-tections than United States investors in the United States, and to secure for investors impor-tant rights comparable to those that would be available under United States legal principles and practice, by— 
(A) reducing or eliminating exceptions to the 
principle of national treatment; 
(B) freeing the transfer of funds relating to 
investments; 
(C) reducing or eliminating performance re-
quirements, forced technology transfers, and other unreasonable barriers to the establishment and operation of investments; 
(D) seeking to establish standards for expro-
priation and compensation for expropriation, consistent with United States legal principles and practice; 
(E) seeking to establish standards for fair and 
equitable treatment, consistent with United States legal principles and practice, including the principle of due process; 
(F) providing meaningful procedures for re-
solving investment disputes; 
(G) seeking to improve mechanisms used to re-
solve disputes between an investor and a gov-ernment through— 
(i) mechanisms to eliminate frivolous claims 
and to deter the filing of frivolous claims; 
(ii) procedures to ensure the efficient selection 
of arbitrators and the expeditious disposition of claims; 
(iii) procedures to enhance opportunities for 
public input into the formulation of government positions; and 
(iv) providing for an appellate body or similar 
mechanism to provide coherence to the interpre-tations of investment provisions in trade agree-ments; and 
(H) ensuring the fullest measure of trans-
parency in the dispute settlement mechanism, to the extent consistent with the need to protect in-formation that is classified or business confiden-tial, by— 
(i) ensuring that all requests for dispute settle-
ment are promptly made public; 
(ii) ensuring that— (I) all proceedings, submissions, findings, and 
decisions are promptly made public; and 
(II) all hearings are open to the public; and (iii) establishing a mechanism for acceptance 
of amicus curiae submissions from businesses, unions, and nongovernmental organizations. 
(5) I
NTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States re-garding trade-related intellectual property are— 
(A) to further promote adequate and effective 
protection of intellectual property rights, in-cluding through— 
(i)(I) ensuring accelerated and full implemen-
tation of the Agreement on Trade-Related As-pects of Intellectual Property Rights referred to in section 101(d)(15) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(15)), particu-
larly with respect to meeting enforcement obli-gations under that agreement; and 
(II) ensuring that the provisions of any trade 
agreement governing intellectual property rights that is entered into by the United States reflect a standard of protection similar to that found in United States law; 
(ii) providing strong protection for new and 
emerging technologies and new methods of transmitting and distributing products embody-ing intellectual property, including in a manner that facilitates legitimate digital trade; 
(iii) preventing or eliminating discrimination 
with respect to matters affecting the avail-ability, acquisition, scope, maintenance, use, and enforcement of intellectual property rights; 
(iv) ensuring that standards of protection and 
enforcement keep pace with technological devel-opments, and in particular ensuring that rightholders have the legal and technological means to control the use of their works through the Internet and other global communication media, and to prevent the unauthorized use of their works; 
(v) providing strong enforcement of intellec-
tual property rights, including through acces-sible, expeditious, and effective civil, adminis-trative, and criminal enforcement mechanisms; and 
(vi) preventing or eliminating government in-
volvement in the violation of intellectual prop-erty rights, including cyber theft and piracy; 
(B) to secure fair, equitable, and nondiscrim-
inatory market access opportunities for United States persons that rely upon intellectual prop-erty protection; and 
(C) to respect the Declaration on the TRIPS 
Agreement and Public Health, adopted by the World Trade Organization at the Fourth Min-isterial Conference at Doha, Qatar on November 14, 2001, and to ensure that trade agreements foster innovation and promote access to medi-cines. 
(6) D
IGITAL TRADE IN GOODS AND SERVICES AND  
CROSS -BORDER DATA FLOWS .—The principal ne-
gotiating objectives of the United States with re-spect to digital trade in goods and services, as well as cross-border data flows, are— 
(A) to ensure that current obligations, rules, 
disciplines, and commitments under the World Trade Organization and bilateral and regional trade agreements apply to digital trade in goods and services and to cross-border data flows; 
(B) to ensure that— (i) electronically delivered goods and services 
receive no less favorable treatment under trade rules and commitments than like products deliv-ered in physical form; and 
(ii) the classification of such goods and serv-
ices ensures the most liberal trade treatment possible, fully encompassing both existing and new trade; 
(C) to ensure that governments refrain from 
implementing trade-related measures that im-pede digital trade in goods and services, restrict cross-border data flows, or require local storage or processing of data; 
(D) with respect to subparagraphs (A) 
through (C), where legitimate policy objectives require domestic regulations that affect digital trade in goods and services or cross-border data flows, to obtain commitments that any such reg-ulations are the least restrictive on trade, non-discriminatory, and transparent, and promote an open market environment; and 
(E) to extend the moratorium of the World 
Trade Organization on duties on electronic transmissions. 
(7) R
EGULATORY PRACTICES .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States re-garding the use of government regulation or other practices to reduce market access for United States goods, services, and investments are— 
(A) to achieve increased transparency and op-
portunity for the participation of affected par-ties in the development of regulations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7275 October 28, 2015 
(B) to require that proposed regulations be 
based on sound science, cost benefit analysis, risk assessment, or other objective evidence; 
(C) to establish consultative mechanisms and 
seek other commitments, as appropriate, to im-prove regulatory practices and promote in-creased regulatory coherence, including through— 
(i) transparency in developing guidelines, 
rules, regulations, and laws for government pro-curement and other regulatory regimes; 
(ii) the elimination of redundancies in testing 
and certification; 
(iii) early consultations on significant regula-
tions; 
(iv) the use of impact assessments; (v) the periodic review of existing regulatory 
measures; and 
(vi) the application of good regulatory prac-
tices; 
(D) to seek greater openness, transparency, 
and convergence of standards development proc-esses, and enhance cooperation on standards issues globally; 
(E) to promote regulatory compatibility 
through harmonization, equivalence, or mutual recognition of different regulations and stand-ards and to encourage the use of international and interoperable standards, as appropriate; 
(F) to achieve the elimination of government 
measures such as price controls and reference pricing which deny full market access for United States products; 
(G) to ensure that government regulatory re-
imbursement regimes are transparent, provide procedural fairness, are nondiscriminatory, and provide full market access for United States products; and 
(H) to ensure that foreign governments— (i) demonstrate that the collection of undis-
closed proprietary information is limited to that necessary to satisfy a legitimate and justifiable regulatory interest; and 
(ii) protect such information against disclo-
sure, except in exceptional circumstances to pro-tect the public, or where such information is ef-fectively protected against unfair competition. 
(8) S
TATE-OWNED AND STATE -CONTROLLED EN -
TERPRISES .—The principal negotiating objective 
of the United States regarding competition by state-owned and state-controlled enterprises is to seek commitments that— 
(A) eliminate or prevent trade distortions and 
unfair competition favoring state-owned and state-controlled enterprises to the extent of their engagement in commercial activity, and 
(B) ensure that such engagement is based 
solely on commercial considerations, 
in particular through disciplines that eliminate 
or prevent discrimination and market-distorting subsidies and that promote transparency. 
(9) L
OCALIZATION BARRIERS TO TRADE .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to localization barriers is to eliminate and prevent measures that require United States producers and service providers to locate facilities, intellectual property, or other assets in a country as a market access or invest-ment condition, including indigenous innova-tion measures. 
(10) L
ABOR AND THE ENVIRONMENT .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to labor and the environment are— 
(A) to ensure that a party to a trade agree-
ment with the United States— 
(i) adopts and maintains measures imple-
menting internationally recognized core labor standards (as defined in section 111(17)) and its obligations under common multilateral environ-mental agreements (as defined in section 111(6)), 
(ii) does not waive or otherwise derogate from, 
or offer to waive or otherwise derogate from— 
(I) its statutes or regulations implementing 
internationally recognized core labor standards (as defined in section 111(17)), in a manner af-fecting trade or investment between the United States and that party, where the waiver or dero-gation would be inconsistent with one or more 
such standards, or 
(II) its environmental laws in a manner that 
weakens or reduces the protections afforded in those laws and in a manner affecting trade or investment between the United States and that party, except as provided in its law and pro-vided not inconsistent with its obligations under common multilateral environmental agreements (as defined in section 111(6)) or other provisions of the trade agreement specifically agreed upon, and 
(iii) does not fail to effectively enforce its en-
vironmental or labor laws, through a sustained or recurring course of action or inaction, 
in a manner affecting trade or investment be-
tween the United States and that party after entry into force of a trade agreement between those countries; 
(B) to recognize that— (i) with respect to environment, parties to a 
trade agreement retain the right to exercise prosecutorial discretion and to make decisions regarding the allocation of enforcement re-sources with respect to other environmental laws determined to have higher priorities, and a party is effectively enforcing its laws if a course of action or inaction reflects a reasonable, bona fide exercise of such discretion, or results from a reasonable, bona fide decision regarding the al-location of resources; and 
(ii) with respect to labor, decisions regarding 
the distribution of enforcement resources are not a reason for not complying with a party’s labor obligations; a party to a trade agreement retains the right to reasonable exercise of discretion and to make bona fide decisions regarding the allo-cation of resources between labor enforcement activities among core labor standards, provided the exercise of such discretion and such deci-sions are not inconsistent with its obligations; 
(C) to strengthen the capacity of United 
States trading partners to promote respect for core labor standards (as defined in section 111(7)); 
(D) to strengthen the capacity of United 
States trading partners to protect the environ-ment through the promotion of sustainable de-velopment; 
(E) to reduce or eliminate government prac-
tices or policies that unduly threaten sustain-able development; 
(F) to seek market access, through the elimi-
nation of tariffs and nontariff barriers, for United States environmental technologies, goods, and services; 
(G) to ensure that labor, environmental, 
health, or safety policies and practices of the parties to trade agreements with the United States do not arbitrarily or unjustifiably dis-criminate against United States exports or serve as disguised barriers to trade; 
(H) to ensure that enforceable labor and envi-
ronment obligations are subject to the same dis-pute settlement and remedies as other enforce-able obligations under the agreement; and 
(I) to ensure that a trade agreement is not 
construed to empower a party’s authorities to undertake labor or environmental law enforce-ment activities in the territory of the United States. 
(11) C
URRENCY .—The principal negotiating ob-
jective of the United States with respect to cur-rency practices is that parties to a trade agree-ment with the United States avoid manipulating exchange rates in order to prevent effective bal-ance of payments adjustment or to gain an un-fair competitive advantage over other parties to the agreement, such as through cooperative mechanisms, enforceable rules, reporting, moni-toring, transparency, or other means, as appro-priate. 
(12) F
OREIGN CURRENCY MANIPULATION .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency practices is to seek to establish accountability through en-forceable rules, transparency, reporting, moni-toring, cooperative mechanisms, or other means 
to address exchange rate manipulation involv-ing protracted large scale intervention in one di-rection in the exchange markets and a persist-ently undervalued foreign exchange rate to gain an unfair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agreement, consistent with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the International Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
(13) WTO 
AND MULTILATERAL TRADE AGREE -
MENTS .—Recognizing that the World Trade Or-
ganization is the foundation of the global trad-ing system, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding the World Trade Organization, the Uruguay Round Agreements, and other multilateral and plurilateral trade agreements are— 
(A) to achieve full implementation and extend 
the coverage of the World Trade Organization and multilateral and plurilateral agreements to products, sectors, and conditions of trade not adequately covered; 
(B) to expand country participation in and 
enhancement of the Information Technology Agreement, the Government Procurement Agree-ment, and other plurilateral trade agreements of the World Trade Organization; 
(C) to expand competitive market opportuni-
ties for United States exports and to obtain fair-er and more open conditions of trade, including through utilization of global value chains, through the negotiation of new WTO multilat-eral and plurilateral trade agreements, such as an agreement on trade facilitation; 
(D) to ensure that regional trade agreements 
to which the United States is not a party fully achieve the high standards of, and comply with, WTO disciplines, including Article XXIV of GATT 1994, Article V and V bis of the General Agreement on Trade in Services, and the Ena-bling Clause, including through meaningful WTO review of such regional trade agreements; 
(E) to enhance compliance by WTO members 
with their obligations as WTO members through active participation in the bodies of the World Trade Organization by the United States and all other WTO members, including in the trade pol-icy review mechanism and the committee system of the World Trade Organization, and by work-ing to increase the effectiveness of such bodies; and 
(F) to encourage greater cooperation between 
the World Trade Organization and other inter-national organizations. 
(14) T
RADE INSTITUTION TRANSPARENCY .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to transparency is to obtain wider and broader application of the principle of transparency in the World Trade Organiza-tion, entities established under bilateral and re-gional trade agreements, and other inter-national trade fora through seeking— 
(A) timely public access to information regard-
ing trade issues and the activities of such insti-tutions; 
(B) openness by ensuring public access to ap-
propriate meetings, proceedings, and submis-sions, including with regard to trade and invest-ment dispute settlement; and 
(C) public access to all notifications and sup-
porting documentation submitted by WTO mem-bers. 
(15) A
NTI-CORRUPTION .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States with re-spect to the use of money or other things of value to influence acts, decisions, or omissions of foreign governments or officials or to secure any improper advantage in a manner affecting trade are— 
(A) to obtain high standards and effective do-
mestic enforcement mechanisms applicable to persons from all countries participating in the applicable trade agreement that prohibit such attempts to influence acts, decisions, or omis-sions of foreign governments or officials or to se-cure any such improper advantage; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7276 October 28, 2015 
(B) to ensure that such standards level the 
playing field for United States persons in inter-national trade and investment; and 
(C) to seek commitments to work jointly to en-
courage and support anti-corruption and anti- bribery initiatives in international trade fora, including through the Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in Inter-national Business Transactions of the Organi-zation for Economic Cooperation and Develop-ment, done at Paris December 17, 1997 (com-monly known as the ‘‘OECD Anti-Bribery Con-vention’’). 
(16) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT AND ENFORCE -
MENT .—The principal negotiating objectives of 
the United States with respect to dispute settle-ment and enforcement of trade agreements are— 
(A) to seek provisions in trade agreements pro-
viding for resolution of disputes between govern-ments under those trade agreements in an effec-tive, timely, transparent, equitable, and rea-soned manner, requiring determinations based on facts and the principles of the agreements, with the goal of increasing compliance with the agreements; 
(B) to seek to strengthen the capacity of the 
Trade Policy Review Mechanism of the World Trade Organization to review compliance with commitments; 
(C) to seek adherence by panels convened 
under the Dispute Settlement Understanding and by the Appellate Body to— 
(i) the mandate of those panels and the Appel-
late Body to apply the WTO Agreement as writ-ten, without adding to or diminishing rights and obligations under the Agreement; and 
(ii) the standard of review applicable under 
the Uruguay Round Agreement involved in the dispute, including greater deference, where ap-propriate, to the fact finding and technical ex-pertise of national investigating authorities; 
(D) to seek provisions encouraging the early 
identification and settlement of disputes through consultation; 
(E) to seek provisions to encourage the provi-
sion of trade-expanding compensation if a party to a dispute under the agreement does not come into compliance with its obligations under the agreement; 
(F) to seek provisions to impose a penalty 
upon a party to a dispute under the agreement that— 
(i) encourages compliance with the obligations 
of the agreement; 
(ii) is appropriate to the parties, nature, sub-
ject matter, and scope of the violation; and 
(iii) has the aim of not adversely affecting 
parties or interests not party to the dispute while maintaining the effectiveness of the en-forcement mechanism; and 
(G) to seek provisions that treat United States 
principal negotiating objectives equally with re-spect to— 
(i) the ability to resort to dispute settlement 
under the applicable agreement; 
(ii) the availability of equivalent dispute set-
tlement procedures; and 
(iii) the availability of equivalent remedies. (17) T
RADE REMEDY LAWS .—The principal ne-
gotiating objectives of the United States with re-spect to trade remedy laws are— 
(A) to preserve the ability of the United States 
to enforce rigorously its trade laws, including the antidumping, countervailing duty, and safe-guard laws, and avoid agreements that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international disciplines on unfair trade, especially dumping and subsidies, or that lessen the effectiveness of domestic and international safeguard provi-sions, in order to ensure that United States workers, agricultural producers, and firms can compete fully on fair terms and enjoy the bene-fits of reciprocal trade concessions; and 
(B) to address and remedy market distortions 
that lead to dumping and subsidization, includ-ing overcapacity, cartelization, and market ac-cess barriers. 
(18) B
ORDER TAXES .—The principal negoti-
ating objective of the United States regarding border taxes is to obtain a revision of the rules 
of the World Trade Organization with respect to the treatment of border adjustments for internal taxes to redress the disadvantage to countries relying primarily on direct taxes for revenue rather than indirect taxes. 
(19) T
EXTILE NEGOTIATIONS .—The principal 
negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to trade in textiles and apparel articles are to obtain competitive opportunities for United States exports of textiles and apparel in foreign markets substantially equivalent to the competitive opportunities afforded foreign ex-ports in United States markets and to achieve fairer and more open conditions of trade in tex-tiles and apparel. 
(20) C
OMMERCIAL PARTNERSHIPS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—With respect to an agree-
ment that is proposed to be entered into with the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partner-ship countries and to which section 103(b) will apply, the principal negotiating objectives of the United States regarding commercial partner-ships are the following: 
(i) To discourage actions by potential trading 
partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the United States and Israel. 
(ii) To discourage politically motivated actions 
to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel and to seek the elimination of politically motivated nontariff barriers on Israeli goods, services, or other commerce imposed on the State of Israel. 
(iii) To seek the elimination of state-sponsored 
unsanctioned foreign boycotts against Israel or compliance with the Arab League Boycott of Israel by prospective trading partners. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘‘actions to boycott, divest from, or sanction Israel’’ means actions by states, non-member states of the United Nations, international orga-nizations, or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit com-mercial relations specifically with Israel or per-sons doing business in Israel or in Israeli-con-trolled territories. 
(21) G
OOD GOVERNANCE , TRANSPARENCY , THE 
EFFECTIVE OPERATION OF LEGAL REGIMES , AND 
THE RULE OF LAW OF TRADING PARTNERS .—The 
principal negotiating objectives of the United States with respect to ensuring implementation of trade commitments and obligations by strengthening good governance, transparency, the effective operation of legal regimes and the rule of law of trading partners of the United States is through capacity building and other appropriate means, which are important parts of the broader effort to create more open demo-cratic societies and to promote respect for inter-nationally recognized human rights. 
(c) C
APACITY BUILDING AND OTHER PRIOR-
ITIES.—In order to address and maintain United 
States competitiveness in the global economy, the President shall— 
(1) direct the heads of relevant Federal agen-
cies— 
(A) to work to strengthen the capacity of 
United States trading partners to carry out obli-gations under trade agreements by consulting with any country seeking a trade agreement with the United States concerning that coun-try’s laws relating to customs and trade facilita-tion, sanitary and phytosanitary measures, technical barriers to trade, intellectual property rights, labor, and the environment; and 
(B) to provide technical assistance to that 
country if needed; 
(2) seek to establish consultative mechanisms 
among parties to trade agreements to strengthen the capacity of United States trading partners to develop and implement standards for the pro-tection of the environment and human health based on sound science; 
(3) promote consideration of multilateral envi-
ronmental agreements and consult with parties to such agreements regarding the consistency of any such agreement that includes trade meas-ures with existing environmental exceptions 
under Article XX of GATT 1994; and 
(4) submit to the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate an annual report on capacity-building activities under-taken in connection with trade agreements ne-gotiated or being negotiated pursuant to this title. 
SEC. 103. TRADE AGREEMENTS AUTHORITY. 
(a) A GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF BAR-
RIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Whenever the President de-
termines that one or more existing duties or other import restrictions of any foreign country or the United States are unduly burdening and restricting the foreign trade of the United States and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the President— 
(A) may enter into trade agreements with for-
eign countries before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under subsection (c); and 
(B) may, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), 
proclaim— 
(i) such modification or continuance of any 
existing duty, 
(ii) such continuance of existing duty free or 
excise treatment, or 
(iii) such additional duties, 
as the President determines to be required or ap-
propriate to carry out any such trade agree-ment. 
Substantial modifications to, or substantial ad-
ditional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, or July 1, 2021, if trade authorities procedures are extended under sub-section (c), shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) N
OTIFICATION .—The President shall notify 
Congress of the President’s intention to enter into an agreement under this subsection. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—No proclamation may be 
made under paragraph (1) that— 
(A) reduces any rate of duty (other than a 
rate of duty that does not exceed 5 percent ad valorem on the date of the enactment of this Act) to a rate of duty which is less than 50 per-cent of the rate of such duty that applies on such date of enactment; 
(B) reduces the rate of duty below that appli-
cable under the Uruguay Round Agreements or a successor agreement, on any import sensitive agricultural product; or 
(C) increases any rate of duty above the rate 
that applied on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(4) A
GGREGATE REDUCTION ; EXEMPTION FROM  
STAGING .— 
(A) A GGREGATE REDUCTION .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (B), the aggregate reduc-tion in the rate of duty on any article which is in effect on any day pursuant to a trade agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) shall not exceed the aggregate reduction which would have been in effect on such day if— 
(i) a reduction of 3 percent ad valorem or a re-
duction of 
1⁄10of the total reduction, whichever 
is greater, had taken effect on the effective date of the first reduction proclaimed under para-graph (1) to carry out such agreement with re-spect to such article; and 
(ii) a reduction equal to the amount applica-
ble under clause (i) had taken effect at 1-year intervals after the effective date of such first re-duction. 
(B) E
XEMPTION FROM STAGING .—No staging is 
required under subparagraph (A) with respect to a duty reduction that is proclaimed under para-graph (1) for an article of a kind that is not pro-duced in the United States. The United States International Trade Commission shall advise the President of the identity of articles that may be exempted from staging under this subparagraph. 
(5) R
OUNDING .—If the President determines 
that such action will simplify the computation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7277 October 28, 2015 
of reductions under paragraph (4), the President 
may round an annual reduction by an amount equal to the lesser of— 
(A) the difference between the reduction with-
out regard to this paragraph and the next lower whole number; or 
(B) 
1⁄2of 1 percent ad valorem. 
(6) O THER LIMITATIONS .—A rate of duty re-
duction that may not be proclaimed by reason of paragraph (3) may take effect only if a provi-sion authorizing such reduction is included within an implementing bill provided for under section 106 and that bill is enacted into law. 
(7) O
THER TARIFF MODIFICATIONS .—Notwith-
standing paragraphs (1)(B), (3)(A), (3)(C), and (4) through (6), and subject to the consultation and layover requirements of section 115 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3524), the President may proclaim the modifica-tion of any duty or staged rate reduction of any duty set forth in Schedule XX, as defined in sec-tion 2(5) of that Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(5)), if the United States agrees to such modification or staged rate reduction in a negotiation for the re-ciprocal elimination or harmonization of duties under the auspices of the World Trade Organi-zation. 
(8) A
UTHORITY UNDER URUGUAY ROUND AGREE -
MENTS ACT NOT AFFECTED .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall limit the authority provided to the President under section 111(b) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3521(b)). 
(b) A
GREEMENTS REGARDING TARIFF AND NON-
TARIFF BARRIERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—(A) Whenever the President 
determines that— 
(i) 1 or more existing duties or any other im-
port restriction of any foreign country or the United States or any other barrier to, or other distortion of, international trade unduly bur-dens or restricts the foreign trade of the United States or adversely affects the United States economy, or 
(ii) the imposition of any such barrier or dis-
tortion is likely to result in such a burden, re-striction, or effect, 
and that the purposes, policies, priorities, and 
objectives of this title will be promoted thereby, the President may enter into a trade agreement described in subparagraph (B) during the period described in subparagraph (C). 
(B) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under subparagraph (A) with foreign countries providing for— 
(i) the reduction or elimination of a duty, re-
striction, barrier, or other distortion described in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) the prohibition of, or limitation on the im-
position of, such barrier or other distortion. 
(C) The President may enter into a trade 
agreement under this paragraph before— 
(i) July 1, 2018; or (ii) July 1, 2021, if trade authorities proce-
dures are extended under subsection (c). 
Substantial modifications to, or substantial ad-
ditional provisions of, a trade agreement entered into after July 1, 2018, or July 1, 2021, if trade authorities procedures are extended under sub-section (c), shall not be eligible for approval under this title. 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—A trade agreement may be 
entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the appli-cable objectives described in subsections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(3) B
ILLS QUALIFYING FOR TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—(A) The provisions of section 151 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (in this title referred to as ‘‘trade authorities procedures’’) apply to a bill of either House of Congress which contains provisions described in subparagraph (B) to the same extent as such section 151 applies to imple-menting bills under that section. A bill to which this paragraph applies shall hereafter in this title be referred to as an ‘‘implementing bill’’. 
(B) The provisions referred to in subpara-
graph (A) are— (i) a provision approving a trade agreement 
entered into under this subsection and approv-ing the statement of administrative action, if any, proposed to implement such trade agree-ment; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new statu-
tory authority are required to implement such trade agreement or agreements, only such provi-sions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agreement or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
(c) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL PROCESS FOR  
CONGRESSIONAL TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCE-
DURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in section 
106(b)— 
(A) the trade authorities procedures apply to 
implementing bills submitted with respect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) before July 1, 2018; and 
(B) the trade authorities procedures shall be 
extended to implementing bills submitted with respect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) after June 30, 2018, and before July 1, 2021, if (and only if)— 
(i) the President requests such extension 
under paragraph (2); and 
(ii) neither House of Congress adopts an ex-
tension disapproval resolution under paragraph (5) before July 1, 2018. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESIDENT .— 
If the President is of the opinion that the trade authorities procedures should be extended to im-plementing bills described in paragraph (1)(B), the President shall submit to Congress, not later than April 1, 2018, a written report that con-tains a request for such extension, together with— 
(A) a description of all trade agreements that 
have been negotiated under subsection (b) and the anticipated schedule for submitting such agreements to Congress for approval; 
(B) a description of the progress that has been 
made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title, and a statement that such progress justifies the continuation of negotiations; and 
(C) a statement of the reasons why the exten-
sion is needed to complete the negotiations. 
(3) O
THER REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(A) R EPORT BY THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
The President shall promptly inform the Advi-sory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotia-tions established under section 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under paragraph (2). The Advisory Committee shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains— 
(i) its views regarding the progress that has 
been made in negotiations to achieve the pur-poses, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(ii) a statement of its views, and the reasons 
therefor, regarding whether the extension re-quested under paragraph (2) should be approved or disapproved. 
(B) R
EPORT BY INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.—The President shall promptly inform the 
United States International Trade Commission of the decision of the President to submit a re-port to Congress under paragraph (2). The International Trade Commission shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains a review and analysis of the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements imple-mented between the date of the enactment of this Act and the date on which the President de-cides to seek an extension requested under para-graph (2). 
(4) S
TATUS OF REPORTS .—The reports sub-
mitted to Congress under paragraphs (2) and (3), or any portion of such reports, may be clas-sified to the extent the President determines ap-propriate. (5) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL RESOLUTIONS .— 
(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘‘ex-tension disapproval resolution’’ means a resolu-tion of either House of Congress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll disapproves the request of 
the President for the extension, under section 103(c)(1)(B)(i) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, of the trade authorities procedures under that Act to any implementing bill submitted with re-spect to any trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) of that Act after June 30, 2018.’’, 
with the blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Congress. 
(B) Extension disapproval resolutions— (i) may be introduced in either House of Con-
gress by any member of such House; and 
(ii) shall be referred, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules. 
(C) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consideration of cer-tain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to extension disapproval resolutions. 
(D) It is not in order for— (i) the House of Representatives to consider 
any extension disapproval resolution not re-ported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules; 
(ii) the Senate to consider any extension dis-
approval resolution not reported by the Com-mittee on Finance; or 
(iii) either House of Congress to consider an 
extension disapproval resolution after June 30, 2018. 
(d) C
OMMENCEMENT OF NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
order to contribute to the continued economic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations covering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, prod-uct, or service sector, and expand existing sec-toral agreements to countries that are not par-ties to those agreements, in cases where the President determines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, commercial services, intellectual property rights, industrial and capital goods, government pro-curement, information technology products, en-vironmental technology and services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infra-structure products. In so doing, the President shall take into account all of the negotiating ob-jectives set forth in section 102. 
SEC. 104. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT, CON-
SULTATIONS, AND ACCESS TO IN-FORMATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS WITHMEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS DURING NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
the course of negotiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
(A) meet upon request with any Member of 
Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress, and the na-ture of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any requirement of, amendment to, or recommendation under, that agreement; 
(B) upon request of any Member of Congress, 
provide access to pertinent documents relating to the negotiations, including classified mate-rials; 
(C) consult closely and on a timely basis with, 
and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; 
(D) consult closely and on a timely basis with, 
and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations con-vened under subsection (c) and all committees of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7278 October 28, 2015 
the House of Representatives and the Senate 
with jurisdiction over laws that could be af-fected by a trade agreement resulting from the negotiations; and 
(E) with regard to any negotiations and 
agreement relating to agricultural trade, also consult closely and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotia-tions, the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Sen-ate. 
(2) C
ONSULTATIONS PRIOR TO ENTRY INTO  
FORCE .—Prior to exchanging notes providing for 
the entry into force of a trade agreement, the United States Trade Representative shall con-sult closely and on a timely basis with Members of Congress and committees as specified in para-graph (1), and keep them fully apprised of the measures a trading partner has taken to comply with those provisions of the agreement that are to take effect on the date that the agreement en-ters into force. 
(3) E
NHANCED COORDINATION WITH CON -
GRESS .— 
(A) W RITTEN GUIDELINES .—The United States 
Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on enhanced coordination with Con-gress, including coordination with designated congressional advisers under subsection (b), re-garding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT OF GUIDELINES .—The guidelines 
developed under subparagraph (A) shall en-hance coordination with Congress through pro-cedures to ensure— 
(i) timely briefings upon request of any Mem-
ber of Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress conducted under this title, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the adminis-tration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any requirement of, amendment to, or rec-ommendation under, that agreement; and 
(ii) the sharing of detailed and timely infor-
mation with Members of Congress, and their staff with proper security clearances as appro-priate, regarding those negotiations and perti-nent documents related to those negotiations (including classified information), and with committee staff with proper security clearances as would be appropriate in the light of the re-sponsibilities of that committee over the trade agreements programs affected by those negotia-tions. 
(C) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under subparagraph (A) to all Fed-eral agencies that could have jurisdiction over laws affected by trade negotiations. 
(b) D
ESIGNATED CONGRESSIONAL ADVISERS .— 
(1) D ESIGNATION .— 
(A) H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .—In each 
Congress, any Member of the House of Rep-resentatives may be designated as a congres-sional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, after consulting with the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be se-lected. 
(B) S
ENATE .—In each Congress, any Member 
of the Senate may be designated as a congres-sional adviser on trade policy and negotiations by the President pro tempore of the Senate, after consultation with the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Finance and the chairman and ranking member of the committee 
from which the Member will be selected. 
(2) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH DESIGNATED CON -
GRESSIONAL ADVISERS .—In the course of negotia-
tions conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall consult close-ly and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the congres-sional advisers for trade policy and negotiations designated under paragraph (1). 
(3) A
CCREDITATION .—Each Member of Con-
gress designated as a congressional adviser under paragraph (1) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegations to international con-ferences, meetings, and negotiating sessions re-lating to trade agreements. 
(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL ADVISORY GROUPS ON NE-
GOTIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—By not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 30 days after the convening of each Congress, the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives shall convene the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the chairman of the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate shall convene the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations (in this subsection referred to collectively as the ‘‘congressional advisory groups’’). 
(2) M
EMBERS AND FUNCTIONS .— 
(A) M EMBERSHIP OF THE HOUSE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, the 
House Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the House of Representatives: 
(i) The chairman and ranking member of the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and 3 addi-tional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same polit-ical party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the House of Representatives that would have, under the Rules of the House of Representatives, jurisdic-tion over provisions of law affected by a trade agreement negotiation conducted at any time during that Congress and to which this title would apply. 
(B) M
EMBERSHIP OF THE SENATE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, the 
Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the Sen-ate: 
(i) The chairman and ranking member of the 
Committee on Finance and 3 additional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same political party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the Senate that would have, under the Rules of the Senate, jurisdiction over provisions of law affected by a trade agreement negotiation conducted at any time during that Congress and to which this title would apply. 
(C) A
CCREDITATION .—Each member of the con-
gressional advisory groups described in subpara-graphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on be-half of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegation in negotiations for any trade agreement to which this title applies. Each member of the congressional advisory groups de-scribed in subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B)(ii) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegation in the negotiations by reason of which the mem-ber is in one of the congressional advisory groups. 
(D) C
ONSULTATION AND ADVICE .—The congres-
sional advisory groups shall consult with and provide advice to the Trade Representative re-garding the formulation of specific objectives, negotiating strategies and positions, the devel-opment of the applicable trade agreement, and compliance and enforcement of the negotiated 
commitments under the trade agreement. 
(E) C
HAIR.—The House Advisory Group on 
Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Senate Advi-sory Group on Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Committee on Finance of the Senate. 
(F) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER COMMITTEES .— 
Members of any committee represented on one of the congressional advisory groups may submit comments to the member of the appropriate con-gressional advisory group from that committee regarding any matter related to a negotiation for any trade agreement to which this title ap-plies. 
(3) G
UIDELINES .— 
(A) P URPOSE AND REVISION .—The United 
States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines to facilitate the useful and timely ex-change of information between the Trade Rep-resentative and the congressional advisory groups; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under subparagraph (A) shall provide for, among other things— 
(i) detailed briefings on a fixed timetable to be 
specified in the guidelines of the congressional advisory groups regarding negotiating objectives and positions and the status of the applicable negotiations, beginning as soon as practicable after the congressional advisory groups are con-vened, with more frequent briefings as trade ne-gotiations enter the final stage; 
(ii) access by members of the congressional ad-
visory groups, and staff with proper security clearances, to pertinent documents relating to 
the negotiations, including classified materials; 
(iii) the closest practicable coordination be-
tween the Trade Representative and the con-gressional advisory groups at all critical periods during the negotiations, including at negotia-tion sites; 
(iv) after the applicable trade agreement is 
concluded, consultation regarding ongoing com-pliance and enforcement of negotiated commit-ments under the trade agreement; and 
(v) the timeframe for submitting the report re-
quired under section 105(d)(3). 
(4) R
EQUEST FOR MEETING .—Upon the request 
of a majority of either of the congressional advi-sory groups, the President shall meet with that congressional advisory group before initiating negotiations with respect to a trade agreement, or at any other time concerning the negotia-tions. 
(d) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC .— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT .— 
The United States Trade Representative, in con-sultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop writ-ten guidelines on public access to information regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(2) P
URPOSES .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) facilitate transparency; (B) encourage public participation; and (C) promote collaboration in the negotiation 
process. 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed under 
paragraph (1) shall include procedures that— 
(A) provide for rapid disclosure of information 
in forms that the public can readily find and use; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7279 October 28, 2015 
(B) provide frequent opportunities for public 
input through Federal Register requests for com-ment and other means. 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdiction over laws affected by trade negotiations. 
(e) C
ONSULTATIONS WITHADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH ADVI -
SORY COMMITTEES .—The United States Trade 
Representative, in consultation with the chair-men and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Represent-atives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop writ-ten guidelines on enhanced coordination with advisory committees established pursuant to sec-tion 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guidelines 
as may be necessary from time to time. 
(2) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed under 
paragraph (1) shall enhance coordination with advisory committees described in that paragraph through procedures to ensure— 
(A) timely briefings of advisory committees 
and regular opportunities for advisory commit-tees to provide input throughout the negotiation process on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas represented by those commit-tees; and 
(B) the sharing of detailed and timely infor-
mation with each member of an advisory com-mittee regarding negotiations and pertinent doc-uments related to the negotiation (including classified information) on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas the member rep-resents, and with a designee with proper secu-rity clearances of each such member as appro-priate. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States Trade 
Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdiction over laws affected by trade negotiations. 
(f) E
STABLISHMENT OF POSITION OF CHIEF 
TRANSPARENCY OFFICER IN THE OFFICE OF THE  
UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .—Sec-
tion 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) There shall be in the Office one Chief 
Transparency Officer. The Chief Transparency Officer shall consult with Congress on trans-parency policy, coordinate transparency in trade negotiations, engage and assist the public, and advise the United States Trade Representa-tive on transparency policy.’’. 
SEC. 105. NOTICE, CONSULTATIONS, AND RE-
PORTS. 
(a) N OTICE , CONSULTATIONS , ANDREPORTS BE-
FORE NEGOTIATION .— 
(1) N OTICE .—The President, with respect to 
any agreement that is subject to the provisions of section 103(b), shall— 
(A) provide, at least 90 calendar days before 
initiating negotiations with a country, written notice to Congress of the President’s intention to enter into the negotiations with that country and set forth in the notice the date on which the President intends to initiate those negotiations, the specific United States objectives for the ne-gotiations with that country, and whether the President intends to seek an agreement, or changes to an existing agreement; 
(B) before and after submission of the notice, 
consult regarding the negotiations with the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, such other committees of the House and Senate as the President deems appro-
priate, and the House Advisory Group on Nego-tiations and the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under section 104(c); 
(C) upon the request of a majority of the mem-
bers of either the House Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under section 104(c), meet with the requesting congressional advisory group before initiating the negotiations or at any other time concerning the negotiations; and 
(D) after consulting with the Committee on 
Ways and Means and the Committee on Fi-nance, and at least 30 calendar days before ini-tiating negotiations with a country, publish on a publicly available Internet website of the Of-fice of the United States Trade Representative, and regularly update thereafter, a detailed and comprehensive summary of the specific objec-tives with respect to the negotiations, and a de-scription of how the agreement, if successfully concluded, will further those objectives and ben-efit the United States. 
(2) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING AGRICULTURE .— 
(A) A SSESSMENT AND CONSULTATIONS FOL -
LOWING ASSESSMENT .—Before initiating or con-
tinuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly related to the subject matter under section 102(b)(3)(B) with any country, the Presi-dent shall— 
(i) assess whether United States tariffs on ag-
ricultural products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country; 
(ii) consider whether the tariff levels bound 
and applied throughout the world with respect to imports from the United States are higher than United States tariffs and whether the ne-gotiation provides an opportunity to address any such disparity; and 
(iii) consult with the Committee on Ways and 
Means and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is ap-propriate for the United States to agree to fur-ther tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the assessment, and how all applica-ble negotiating objectives will be met. 
(B) S
PECIAL CONSULTATIONS ON IMPORT SEN -
SITIVE PRODUCTS .—(i) Before initiating negotia-
tions with regard to agriculture and, with re-spect to agreements described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 107(a), as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
(I) identify those agricultural products subject 
to tariff rate quotas on the date of enactment of this Act, and agricultural products subject to tariff reductions by the United States as a result of the Uruguay Round Agreements, for which the rate of duty was reduced on January 1, 1995, to a rate which was not less than 97.5 percent of the rate of duty that applied to such article on December 31, 1994; 
(II) consult with the Committee on Ways and 
Means and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate concerning— 
(aa) whether any further tariff reductions on 
the products identified under subclause (I) should be appropriate, taking into account the impact of any such tariff reduction on the United States industry producing the product concerned; 
(bb) whether the products so identified face 
unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary restric-tions, including those not based on scientific principles in contravention of the Uruguay Round Agreements; and 
(cc) whether the countries participating in the 
negotiations maintain export subsidies or other programs, policies, or practices that distort world trade in such products and the impact of such programs, policies, and practices on United States producers of the products; (III) request that the International Trade 
Commission prepare an assessment of the prob-able economic effects of any such tariff reduc-tion on the United States industry producing the product concerned and on the United States economy as a whole; and 
(IV) upon complying with subclauses (I), (II), 
and (III), notify the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate of those products identified under subclause (I) for which the Trade Representative intends to seek tariff liberalization in the negotiations and the reasons for seeking such tariff liberalization. 
(ii) If, after negotiations described in clause 
(i) are commenced— 
(I) the United States Trade Representative 
identifies any additional agricultural product described in clause (i)(I) for tariff reductions which were not the subject of a notification under clause (i)(IV), or 
(II) any additional agricultural product de-
scribed in clause (i)(I) is the subject of a request for tariff reductions by a party to the negotia-tions, 
the Trade Representative shall, as soon as prac-
ticable, notify the committees referred to in clause (i)(IV) of those products and the reasons for seeking such tariff reductions. 
(3) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING THE FISHING IN -
DUSTRY .—Before initiating, or continuing, nego-
tiations that directly relate to fish or shellfish trade with any country, the President shall con-sult with the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and shall keep the Committees apprised of the nego-tiations on an ongoing and timely basis. 
(4) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING TEXTILES .—Be-
fore initiating or continuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly related to tex-tiles and apparel products with any country, the President shall— 
(A) assess whether United States tariffs on 
textile and apparel products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country and whether the negotiation provides an oppor-tunity to address any such disparity; and 
(B) consult with the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is ap-propriate for the United States to agree to fur-ther tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the assessment, and how all applica-ble negotiating objectives will be met. 
(5) A
DHERENCE TO EXISTING INTERNATIONAL  
TRADE AND INVESTMENT AGREEMENT OBLIGA -
TIONS .—In determining whether to enter into ne-
gotiations with a particular country, the Presi-dent shall take into account the extent to which that country has implemented, or has acceler-ated the implementation of, its international trade and investment commitments to the United States, including pursuant to the WTO Agree-ment. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHCONGRESS BEFORE  
ENTRY INTOAGREEMENT .— 
(1) C ONSULTATION .—Before entering into any 
trade agreement under section 103(b), the Presi-dent shall consult with— 
(A) the Committee on Ways and Means of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate; 
(B) each other committee of the House and the 
Senate, and each joint committee of Congress, which has jurisdiction over legislation involving subject matters which would be affected by the trade agreement; and 
(C) the House Advisory Group on Negotiations 
and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations convened under section 104(c). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7280 October 28, 2015 
(2) S COPE.—The consultation described in 
paragraph (1) shall include consultation with respect to— 
(A) the nature of the agreement; (B) how and to what extent the agreement 
will achieve the applicable purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(C) the implementation of the agreement 
under section 106, including the general effect of the agreement on existing laws. 
(3) R
EPORT REGARDING UNITED STATES TRADE  
REMEDY LAWS .— 
(A) C HANGES IN CERTAIN TRADE LAWS .—The 
President, not less than 180 calendar days be-fore the day on which the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall re-port to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate— 
(i) the range of proposals advanced in the ne-
gotiations with respect to that agreement, that may be in the final agreement, and that could require amendments to title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) or to chapter 1 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.); and 
(ii) how these proposals relate to the objectives 
described in section 102(b)(16). 
(B) R
ESOLUTIONS .—(i) At any time after the 
transmission of the report under subparagraph (A), if a resolution is introduced with respect to that report in either House of Congress, the pro-cedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) shall apply to that resolution if— 
(I) no other resolution with respect to that re-
port has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be, pursuant to those procedures; and 
(II) no procedural disapproval resolution 
under section 106(b) introduced with respect to a trade agreement entered into pursuant to the negotiations to which the report under subpara-graph (A) relates has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be. 
(ii) For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
term ‘‘resolution’’ means only a resolution of ei-ther House of Congress, the matter after the re-solving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll finds that the proposed changes to 
United States trade remedy laws contained in the report of the President transmitted to Con-gress on llll under section 105(b)(3) of the 
Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 with respect to llll , are inconsistent with the negotiating 
objectives described in section 102(b)(16) of that Act.’’, with the first blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Con-gress, the second blank space being filled with the appropriate date of the report, and the third blank space being filled with the name of the country or countries involved. 
(iii) Resolutions in the House of Representa-
tives— 
(I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Com-mittee on Rules; and 
(III) may not be amended by either Committee. (iv) Resolutions in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance; and 
(III) may not be amended. (v) It is not in order for the House of Rep-
resentatives to consider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules. 
(vi) It is not in order for the Senate to con-
sider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Finance. 
(vii) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to floor consideration of certain 
resolutions in the House and Senate) shall apply to resolutions. 
(4) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE REPORTS .—The re-
port required under section 135(e)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155(e)(1)) regard-ing any trade agreement entered into under sub-section (a) or (b) of section 103 shall be provided to the President, Congress, and the United States Trade Representative not later than 30 days after the date on which the President noti-fies Congress under section 103(a)(2) or 106(a)(1)(A) of the intention of the President to enter into the agreement. 
(c) I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION AS-
SESSMENT .— 
(1) S UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO COMMIS -
SION.—The President, not later than 90 calendar 
days before the day on which the President en-ters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall provide the International Trade Commis-sion (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Com-mission’’) with the details of the agreement as it exists at that time and request the Commission to prepare and submit an assessment of the agreement as described in paragraph (2). Be-tween the time the President makes the request under this paragraph and the time the Commis-sion submits the assessment, the President shall keep the Commission current with respect to the details of the agreement. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 105 calendar 
days after the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a re-port assessing the likely impact of the agreement on the United States economy as a whole and on specific industry sectors, including the impact the agreement will have on the gross domestic product, exports and imports, aggregate employ-ment and employment opportunities, the pro-duction, employment, and competitive position of industries likely to be significantly affected by the agreement, and the interests of United States consumers. 
(3) R
EVIEW OF EMPIRICAL LITERATURE .—In 
preparing the assessment under paragraph (2), the Commission shall review available economic assessments regarding the agreement, including literature regarding any substantially equiva-lent proposed agreement, and shall provide in its assessment a description of the analyses used and conclusions drawn in such literature, and a discussion of areas of consensus and divergence between the various analyses and conclusions, including those of the Commission regarding the agreement. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President shall 
make each assessment under paragraph (2) available to the public. 
(d) R
EPORTS SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEES WITH 
AGREEMENT .— 
(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS AND REPORTS .— 
The President shall— 
(A) conduct environmental reviews of future 
trade and investment agreements, consistent with Executive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169), dated November 16, 1999, and its relevant guide-lines; and 
(B) submit a report on those reviews and on 
the content and operation of consultative mech-anisms established pursuant to section 102(c) to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate at the time the President submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E). 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT IMPACT REVIEWS AND RE -
PORTS .—The President shall— 
(A) review the impact of future trade agree-
ments on United States employment, including labor markets, modeled after Executive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169) to the extent appro-priate in establishing procedures and criteria; and 
(B) submit a report on such reviews to the 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance 
of the Senate at the time the President submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E). 
(3) R
EPORT ON LABOR RIGHTS .—The President 
shall submit to the Committee on Ways and 
Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, on a time-frame determined in accordance with section 104(c)(3)(B)(v)— 
(A) a meaningful labor rights report of the 
country, or countries, with respect to which the President is negotiating; and 
(B) a description of any provisions that would 
require changes to the labor laws and labor practices of the United States. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President shall 
make all reports required under this subsection available to the public. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION AND ENFORCEMENT  
PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At the time the President 
submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E), the President shall also submit to Congress a plan for implementing and enforcing the agreement. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation and en-
forcement plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) B
ORDER PERSONNEL REQUIREMENTS .—A 
description of additional personnel required at border entry points, including a list of addi-tional customs and agricultural inspectors. 
(B) A
GENCY STAFFING REQUIREMENTS .—A de-
scription of additional personnel required by Federal agencies responsible for monitoring and implementing the trade agreement, including personnel required by the Office of the United States Trade Representative, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Agriculture (in-cluding additional personnel required to imple-ment sanitary and phytosanitary measures in order to obtain market access for United States exports), the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of the Treasury, and such other agencies as may be necessary. 
(C) C
USTOMS INFRASTRUCTURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—A description of the additional equip-
ment and facilities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(D) I
MPACT ON STATE AND LOCAL GOVERN -
MENTS .—A description of the impact the trade 
agreement will have on State and local govern-ments as a result of increases in trade. 
(E) C
OST ANALYSIS .—An analysis of the costs 
associated with each of the items listed in sub-paragraphs (A) through (D). 
(3) B
UDGET SUBMISSION .—The President shall 
include a request for the resources necessary to support the plan required by paragraph (1) in the first budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, after the date of the submission of the plan. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President shall 
make the plan required under this subsection available to the public. 
(f) O
THER REPORTS .— 
(1) R EPORT ON PENALTIES .—Not later than one 
year after the imposition by the United States of a penalty or remedy permitted by a trade agree-ment to which this title applies, the President shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the effectiveness of the penalty or remedy ap-plied under United States law in enforcing United States rights under the trade agreement, which shall address whether the penalty or rem-edy was effective in changing the behavior of the targeted party and whether the penalty or remedy had any adverse impact on parties or in-terests not party to the dispute. 
(2) R
EPORT ON IMPACT OF TRADE PROMOTION  
AUTHORITY .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 5 years thereafter, the United States Inter-national Trade Commission shall submit to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7281 October 28, 2015 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of 
Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements with respect to which Congress has enacted an implementing bill under trade authorities proce-dures since January 1, 1984. 
(3) E
NFORCEMENT CONSULTATIONS AND RE -
PORTS .—(A) The United States Trade Represent-
ative shall consult with the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate after acceptance of a petition for review or taking an enforcement action in regard to an obligation under a trade agreement, including a labor or environmental obligation. During such con-sultations, the United States Trade Representa-tive shall describe the matter, including the basis for such action and the application of any relevant legal obligations. 
(B) As part of the report required pursuant to 
section 163 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2213), the President shall report annually to Congress on enforcement actions taken pursu-ant to a trade agreement to which the United States is a party, as well as on any public re-ports issued by Federal agencies on enforcement matters relating to a trade agreement. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL COORDINATION WITHMEM-
BERS.—Any Member of the House of Representa-
tives may submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and any Member of the Senate may submit to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate the views of that Member on any matter relevant to a pro-posed trade agreement, and the relevant Com-mittee shall receive those views for consider-ation. 
SEC. 106. IMPLEMENTATION OF TRADE AGREE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) N OTIFICATION AND SUBMISSION .—Any 
agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall enter into force with respect to the United States if (and only if)— 
(A) the President, at least 90 calendar days 
before the day on which the President enters into the trade agreement, notifies the House of Representatives and the Senate of the Presi-dent’s intention to enter into the agreement, and promptly thereafter publishes notice of such intention in the Federal Register; 
(B) the President, at least 60 days before the 
day on which the President enters into the agreement, publishes the text of the agreement on a publicly available Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Representa-tive; 
(C) within 60 days after entering into the 
agreement, the President submits to Congress a description of those changes to existing laws that the President considers would be required in order to bring the United States into compli-ance with the agreement; 
(D) the President, at least 30 days before sub-
mitting to Congress the materials under sub-paragraph (E), submits to Congress— 
(i) a draft statement of any administrative ac-
tion proposed to implement the agreement; and 
(ii) a copy of the final legal text of the agree-
ment; 
(E) after entering into the agreement, the 
President submits to Congress, on a day on which both Houses of Congress are in session, a copy of the final legal text of the agreement, to-gether with— 
(i) a draft of an implementing bill described in 
section 103(b)(3); 
(ii) a statement of any administrative action 
proposed to implement the trade agreement; and 
(iii) the supporting information described in 
paragraph (2)(A); 
(F) the implementing bill is enacted into law; 
and 
(G) the President, not later than 30 days be-
fore the date on which the agreement enters into force with respect to a party to the agreement, submits written notice to Congress that the President has determined that the party has 
taken measures necessary to comply with those provisions of the agreement that are to take ef-fect on the date on which the agreement enters into force. 
(2) S
UPPORTING INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The supporting information 
required under paragraph (1)(E)(iii) consists of— 
(i) an explanation as to how the implementing 
bill and proposed administrative action will change or affect existing law; and 
(ii) a statement— (I) asserting that the agreement makes 
progress in achieving the applicable purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(II) setting forth the reasons of the President 
regarding— 
(aa) how and to what extent the agreement 
makes progress in achieving the applicable pur-poses, policies, and objectives referred to in sub-clause (I); 
(bb) whether and how the agreement changes 
provisions of an agreement previously nego-tiated; 
(cc) how the agreement serves the interests of 
United States commerce; and 
(dd) how the implementing bill meets the 
standards set forth in section 103(b)(3). 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make the supporting information described in subparagraph (A) available to the public. 
(3) R
ECIPROCAL BENEFITS .—In order to ensure 
that a foreign country that is not a party to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) does not receive benefits under the agree-ment unless the country is also subject to the obligations under the agreement, the imple-menting bill submitted with respect to the agree-ment shall provide that the benefits and obliga-tions under the agreement apply only to the parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. The implementing bill may also provide that the ben-efits and obligations under the agreement do not apply uniformly to all parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. 
(4) D
ISCLOSURE OF COMMITMENTS .—Any 
agreement or other understanding with a for-eign government or governments (whether oral or in writing) that— 
(A) relates to a trade agreement with respect 
to which Congress enacts an implementing bill under trade authorities procedures; and 
(B) is not disclosed to Congress before an im-
plementing bill with respect to that agreement is introduced in either House of Congress, 
shall not be considered to be part of the agree-
ment approved by Congress and shall have no force and effect under United States law or in any dispute settlement body. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON TRADE AUTHORITIES PRO-
CEDURES .— 
(1) F OR LACK OF NOTICE OR CONSULTATIONS .— 
 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) if during the 60-day period beginning on the date that one House of Congress agrees to a procedural disapproval resolution for lack of notice or consultations with respect to such trade agreement or agreements, the other House separately agrees to a procedural disapproval resolution with respect to such trade agreement or agreements. 
(B) P
ROCEDURAL DISAPPROVAL RESOLUTION .— 
(i) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘procedural disapproval resolution’’ means a resolution of either House of Congress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or re-fused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 on negotiations 
with respect to llllllll and, therefore, 
the trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agreement or agreements with respect to which the President is considered to have failed or refused to notify or consult. 
(ii) For purposes of clause (i) and paragraphs 
(3)(C) and (4)(C), the President has ‘‘failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’ on negotiations with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements if— 
(I) the President has failed or refused to con-
sult (as the case may be) in accordance with sec-tions 104 and 105 and this section with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; 
(II) guidelines under section 104 have not been 
developed or met with respect to the negotia-tions, agreement, or agreements; 
(III) the President has not met with the House 
Advisory Group on Negotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations pursuant to a request made under section 104(c)(4) with re-spect to the negotiations, agreement, or agree-ments; or 
(IV) the agreement or agreements fail to make 
progress in achieving the purposes, policies, pri-orities, and objectives of this title. 
(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR CONSIDERING RESOLU -
TIONS .—(A) Procedural disapproval resolu-
tions— 
(i) in the House of Representatives— (I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Com-mittee on Rules; and 
(III) may not be amended by either Committee; 
and 
(ii) in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of the 
Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance; and 
(III) may not be amended. (B) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consideration of cer-tain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to a procedural disapproval resolution intro-duced with respect to a trade agreement if no other procedural disapproval resolution with re-spect to that trade agreement has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Com-mittee on Finance, as the case may be, and if no resolution described in clause (ii) of section 105(b)(3)(B) with respect to that trade agreement has been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Com-mittee on Finance, as the case may be, pursuant to the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) of such section. 
(C) It is not in order for the House of Rep-
resentatives to consider any procedural dis-approval resolution not reported by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules. 
(D) It is not in order for the Senate to con-
sider any procedural disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Finance. 
(3) C
ONSIDERATION IN SENATE OF CONSULTA -
TION AND COMPLIANCE RESOLUTION TO REMOVE  
TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCEDURES .— 
(A) R EPORTING OF RESOLUTION .—If, when the 
Committee on Finance of the Senate meets on whether to report an implementing bill with re-spect to a trade agreement or agreements en-tered into under section 103(b), the committee fails to favorably report the bill, the committee shall report a resolution described in subpara-graph (C). 
(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities procedures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7282 October 28, 2015 
shall not apply in the Senate to any imple-
menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or agreements described in subpara-graph (A) if the Committee on Finance reports a resolution described in subparagraph (C) and such resolution is agreed to by the Senate. 
(C) R
ESOLUTION DESCRIBED .—A resolution de-
scribed in this subparagraph is a resolution of the Senate originating from the Committee on Finance the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the Presi-dent has failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 on negotiations with respect to lllll and, 
therefore, the trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply in the Senate to any implementing bill submitted with respect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agreement or agreements described in subparagraph (A). 
(D) P
ROCEDURES .—If the Senate does not 
agree to a motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to a resolution described in sub-paragraph (C), the resolution shall be committed to the Committee on Finance. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES OF A CONSULTATION AND COMPLI -
ANCE RESOLUTION .— 
(A) Q UALIFICATIONS FOR REPORTING RESOLU -
TION.—If— 
(i) the Committee on Ways and Means of the 
House of Representatives reports an imple-menting bill with respect to a trade agreement or agreements entered into under section 103(b) with other than a favorable recommendation; and 
(ii) a Member of the House of Representatives 
has introduced a consultation and compliance resolution on the legislative day following the filing of a report to accompany the imple-menting bill with other than a favorable rec-ommendation, 
then the Committee on Ways and Means shall 
consider a consultation and compliance resolu-tion pursuant to subparagraph (B). 
(B) C
OMMITTEE CONSIDERATION OF A QUALI -
FYING RESOLUTION .—(i) Not later than the 
fourth legislative day after the date of introduc-tion of the resolution, the Committee on Ways and Means shall meet to consider a resolution meeting the qualifications set forth in subpara-graph (A). 
(ii) After consideration of one such resolution 
by the Committee on Ways and Means, this sub-paragraph shall not apply to any other such resolution. 
(iii) If the Committee on Ways and Means has 
not reported the resolution by the sixth legisla-tive day after the date of its introduction, that committee shall be discharged from further con-sideration of the resolution. 
(C) C
ONSULTATION AND COMPLIANCE RESOLU -
TION DESCRIBED .—A consultation and compli-
ance resolution— 
(i) is a resolution of the House of Representa-
tives, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or refused to notify or consult in accord-ance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 on ne-gotiations with respect to lllll and, there-
fore, the trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply in the House of Representa-tives to any implementing bill submitted with re-spect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a descrip-tion of the trade agreement or agreements de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) shall be referred to the Committee on Ways 
and Means. 
(D) A
PPLICABILITY OF TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .—The trade authorities procedures 
shall not apply in the House of Representatives to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or agreements which are the object of a consultation and compliance res-
olution if such resolution is adopted by the House. 
(5) F
OR FAILURE TO MEET OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Not later than December 15, 2015, the 
Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treas-ury, the Attorney General, and the United States Trade Representative, shall transmit to Congress a report setting forth the strategy of the executive branch to address concerns of Congress regarding whether dispute settlement panels and the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization have added to obligations, or diminished rights, of the United States, as de-scribed in section 102(b)(15)(C). Trade authori-ties procedures shall not apply to any imple-menting bill with respect to an agreement nego-tiated under the auspices of the World Trade Organization unless the Secretary of Commerce has issued such report by the deadline specified in this paragraph. 
(6) L
IMITATIONS ON PROCEDURES WITH RESPECT  
TO AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES NOT IN COMPLI -
ANCE WITH TRAFFICKING VICTIMS PROTECTION  
ACT OF 2000 .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country to which the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking are applicable and the government of which does not fully comply with such standards and is not making significant efforts to bring the country into compliance (commonly referred to as a ‘‘tier 3’’ country), as determined in the most recent annual report on trafficking in persons sub-mitted under section 110(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(1)). 
(B) M
INIMUM STANDARDS FOR THE ELIMI -
NATION OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘‘minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking’’ means the standards set forth in section 108 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7106). 
(c) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND  
SENATE .—Subsection (b) of this section, section 
103(c), and section 105(b)(3) are enacted by Con-gress— 
(1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate, re-spectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, and such pro-cedures supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and 
(2) with the full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedures of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as any other rule of that House. 
SEC. 107. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN TRADE 
AGREEMENTS FOR WHICH NEGOTIA-TIONS HAVE ALREADY BEGUN. 
(a) C ERTAIN AGREEMENTS .—Notwithstanding 
the prenegotiation notification and consultation requirement described in section 105(a), if an agreement to which section 103(b) applies— 
(1) is entered into under the auspices of the 
World Trade Organization, 
(2) is entered into with the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership countries with respect to which no-tifications have been made in a manner con-sistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, 
(3) is entered into with the European Union, (4) is an agreement with respect to inter-
national trade in services entered into with WTO members with respect to which a notifica-tion has been made in a manner consistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act, or 
(5) is an agreement with respect to environ-
mental goods entered into with WTO members with respect to which a notification has been made in a manner consistent with section 105(a)(1)(A) as of the date of the enactment of 
this Act, 
and results from negotiations that were com-
menced before the date of the enactment of this Act, subsection (b) shall apply. 
(b) T
REATMENT OF AGREEMENTS .—In the case 
of any agreement to which subsection (a) ap-plies, the applicability of the trade authorities procedures to implementing bills shall be deter-mined without regard to the requirements of sec-tion 105(a) (relating only to notice prior to initi-ating negotiations), and any resolution under paragraph (1)(B), (3)(C), or (4)(C) of section 106(b) shall not be in order on the basis of a fail-ure or refusal to comply with the provisions of section 105(a), if (and only if) the President, as soon as feasible after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) notifies Congress of the negotiations de-
scribed in subsection (a), the specific United States objectives in the negotiations, and wheth-er the President is seeking a new agreement or changes to an existing agreement; and 
(2) before and after submission of the notice, 
consults regarding the negotiations with the committees referred to in section 105(a)(1)(B) and the House and Senate Advisory Groups on Negotiations convened under section 104(c). 
SEC. 108. SOVEREIGNTY. 
(a) U NITED STATES LAWTOPREVAIL IN EVENT 
OFCONFLICT .—No provision of any trade agree-
ment entered into under section 103(b), nor the application of any such provision to any person or circumstance, that is inconsistent with any law of the United States, any State of the United States, or any locality of the United States shall have effect. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS OF  
UNITED STATES LAW.—No provision of any trade 
agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall prevent the United States, any State of the United States, or any locality of the United States from amending or modifying any law of the United States, that State, or that locality (as the case may be). 
(c) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT REPORTS .—Reports, 
including findings and recommendations, issued by dispute settlement panels convened pursuant to any trade agreement entered into under sec-tion 103(b) shall have no binding effect on the law of the United States, the Government of the United States, or the law or government of any State or locality of the United States. 
SEC. 109. INTERESTS OF SMALL BUSINESSES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the United States Trade Representative 
should facilitate participation by small busi-nesses in the trade negotiation process; and 
(2) the functions of the Office of the United 
States Trade Representative relating to small businesses should continue to be reflected in the title of the Assistant United States Trade Rep-resentative assigned the responsibility for small businesses. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF SMALL BUSINESS INTER-
ESTS.—The Assistant United States Trade Rep-
resentative for Small Business, Market Access, and Industrial Competitiveness shall be respon-sible for ensuring that the interests of small businesses are considered in all trade negotia-tions in accordance with the objective described in section 102(a)(8). 
SEC. 110. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS; APPLICA-
TION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
(a) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A DVICE FROM UNITED STATES INTER -
NATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION .—Section 131 of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2151) is amend-ed— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(a) or (b) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b) of section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7283 October 28, 2015 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(b) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(b) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
2103(a)(3)(A) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(a)(4)(A) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 2103 
of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(a) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(2) H
EARINGS .—Section 132 of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2152) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Prior-ities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(3) P
UBLIC HEARINGS .—Section 133(a) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2153(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(4) P
REREQUISITES FOR OFFERS .—Section 134 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2154) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipar-tisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(5) I
NFORMATION AND ADVICE FROM PRIVATE  
AND PUBLIC SECTORS .—Section 135 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘section 2103 of the Bipartisan 
Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘not later than the date on 
which the President notifies the Congress under section 2105(a)(1)(A) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President notifies Congress under section 106(a)(1)(A) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 2102 
of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 102 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(6) P
ROCEDURES RELATING TO IMPLEMENTING  
BILLS .—Section 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2191) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 2105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘section 
2105(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 106(a)(1) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(7) T
RANSMISSION OF AGREEMENTS TO CON -
GRESS .—Section 162(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2212(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 2103 of the Bipartisan Trade Promotion Au-thority Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
For purposes of applying sections 125, 126, and 127 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2135, 
2136, and 2137)— 
(1) any trade agreement entered into under 
section 103 shall be treated as an agreement en-tered into under section 101 or 102 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2111 or 2112), as appro-priate; and 
(2) any proclamation or Executive order issued 
pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under section 103 shall be treated as a proclama-tion or Executive order issued pursuant to a trade agreement entered into under section 102 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2112). 
SEC. 111. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GREEMENT ON AGRICULTURE .—The term 
‘‘Agreement on Agriculture’’ means the agree-ment referred to in section 101(d)(2) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(2)). 
(2) A
GREEMENT ON SAFEGUARDS .—The term 
‘‘Agreement on Safeguards’’ means the agree-ment referred to in section 101(d)(13) of the Uru-guay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(13)). 
(3) A
GREEMENT ON SUBSIDIES AND COUNTER -
VAILING MEASURES .—The term ‘‘Agreement on 
Subsidies and Countervailing Measures’’ means the agreement referred to in section 101(d)(12) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(12)). 
(4) A
NTIDUMPING AGREEMENT .—The term 
‘‘Antidumping Agreement’’ means the Agree-ment on Implementation of Article VI of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade 1994 referred to in section 101(d)(7) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(7)). 
(5) A
PPELLATE BODY .—The term ‘‘Appellate 
Body’’ means the Appellate Body established under Article 17.1 of the Dispute Settlement Un-derstanding. 
(6) C
OMMON MULTILATERAL ENVIRONMENTAL  
AGREEMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘common multilat-
eral environmental agreement’’ means any agreement specified in subparagraph (B) or in-cluded under subparagraph (C) to which both the United States and one or more other parties to the negotiations are full parties, including any current or future mutually agreed upon protocols, amendments, annexes, or adjustments to such an agreement. 
(B) A
GREEMENTS SPECIFIED .—The agreements 
specified in this subparagraph are the following: 
(i) The Convention on International Trade in 
Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, done at Washington March 3, 1973 (27 UST 1087; TIAS 8249). 
(ii) The Montreal Protocol on Substances that 
Deplete the Ozone Layer, done at Montreal Sep-tember 16, 1987. 
(iii) The Protocol of 1978 Relating to the Inter-
national Convention for the Prevention of Pol-lution from Ships, 1973, done at London Feb-ruary 17, 1978. 
(iv) The Convention on Wetlands of Inter-
national Importance Especially as Waterfowl Habitat, done at Ramsar February 2, 1971 (TIAS 11084). 
(v) The Convention on the Conservation of 
Antarctic Marine Living Resources, done at Canberra May 20, 1980 (33 UST 3476). 
(vi) The International Convention for the 
Regulation of Whaling, done at Washington De-cember 2, 1946 (62 Stat. 1716). 
(vii) The Convention for the Establishment of 
an Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission, done at Washington May 31, 1949 (1 UST 230). 
(C) A
DDITIONAL AGREEMENTS .—Both the 
United States and one or more other parties to the negotiations may agree to include any other multilateral environmental or conservation agreement to which they are full parties as a common multilateral environmental agreement under this paragraph. 
(7) C
ORE LABOR STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘core 
labor standards’’ means— (A) freedom of association; 
(B) the effective recognition of the right to 
collective bargaining; 
(C) the elimination of all forms of forced or 
compulsory labor; 
(D) the effective abolition of child labor and a 
prohibition on the worst forms of child labor; and 
(E) the elimination of discrimination in re-
spect of employment and occupation. 
(8) D
ISPUTE SETTLEMENT UNDERSTANDING .— 
The term ‘‘Dispute Settlement Understanding’’ means the Understanding on Rules and Proce-dures Governing the Settlement of Disputes re-ferred to in section 101(d)(16) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(16)). 
(9) E
NABLING CLAUSE .—The term ‘‘Enabling 
Clause’’ means the Decision on Differential and More Favourable Treatment, Reciprocity and Fuller Participation of Developing Countries (L/ 4903), adopted November 28, 1979, under GATT 1947 (as defined in section 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501)). 
(10) E
NVIRONMENTAL LAWS .—The term ‘‘envi-
ronmental laws’’, with respect to the laws of the United States, means environmental statutes and regulations enforceable by action of the Federal Government. 
(11) GATT 
1994.—The term ‘‘GATT 1994’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501). 
(12) G
ENERAL AGREEMENT ON TRADE IN SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘‘General Agreement on Trade 
in Services’’ means the General Agreement on Trade in Services (referred to in section 101(d)(14) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(14))). 
(13) G
OVERNMENT PROCUREMENT AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘‘Government Procurement 
Agreement’’ means the Agreement on Govern-ment Procurement referred to in section 101(d)(17) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3511(d)(17)). 
(14) ILO.—The term ‘‘ILO’’ means the Inter-
national Labor Organization. 
(15) I
MPORT SENSITIVE AGRICULTURAL PROD -
UCT.—The term ‘‘import sensitive agricultural 
product’’ means an agricultural product— 
(A) with respect to which, as a result of the 
Uruguay Round Agreements, the rate of duty was the subject of tariff reductions by the United States and, pursuant to such Agree-ments, was reduced on January 1, 1995, to a rate that was not less than 97.5 percent of the rate of duty that applied to such article on December 31, 1994; or 
(B) which was subject to a tariff rate quota on 
the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(16) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AGREEMENT .— 
The term ‘‘Information Technology Agreement’’ means the Ministerial Declaration on Trade in Information Technology Products of the World Trade Organization, agreed to at Singapore De-cember 13, 1996. 
(17) I
NTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED CORE  
LABOR STANDARDS .—The term ‘‘internationally 
recognized core labor standards’’ means the core labor standards only as stated in the ILO Dec-laration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and its Follow-Up (1998). 
(18) L
ABOR LAWS .—The term ‘‘labor laws’’ 
means the statutes and regulations, or provi-sions thereof, of a party to the negotiations that are directly related to core labor standards as well as other labor protections for children and minors and acceptable conditions of work with respect to minimum wages, hours of work, and occupational safety and health, and for the United States, includes Federal statutes and regulations addressing those standards, protec-tions, or conditions, but does not include State or local labor laws. 
(19) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term 
‘‘United States person’’ means— 
(A) a United States citizen; (B) a partnership, corporation, or other legal 
entity that is organized under the laws of the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7284 October 28, 2015 
(C) a partnership, corporation, or other legal 
entity that is organized under the laws of a for-eign country and is controlled by entities de-scribed in subparagraph (B) or United States citizens, or both. 
(20) U
RUGUAY ROUND AGREEMENTS .—The term 
‘‘Uruguay Round Agreements’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(7) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(7)). 
(21) W
ORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION ; WTO.—The 
terms ‘‘World Trade Organization’’ and ‘‘WTO’’ mean the organization established pursuant to the WTO Agreement. 
(22) WTO 
AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘WTO 
Agreement’’ means the Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization entered into on April 15, 1994. 
(23) WTO 
MEMBER .—The term ‘‘WTO mem-
ber’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(10) of the Uruguay Round Agreements Act (19 U.S.C. 3501(10)). 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trade Adjust-
ment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS RELAT-
ING TO TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SNAPBACK .—Section 233 of the 
Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–40; 125 Stat. 416) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— 
Except as otherwise provided in this title, the provisions of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on December 31, 2013, and as amended by this title, shall— 
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment of 
this Act; and 
(2) apply to petitions for certification filed 
under chapter 2, 3, or 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after such date of enactment. 
(c) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this title, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision of chap-ters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of any such chapter, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TERMINATION PROVISIONS .— 
Section 285 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(b) T
RAINING FUNDS.—Section 236(a)(2)(A) of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘shall not exceed $450,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021.’’. 
(c) R
EEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE .—Section 246(b)(1) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2318(b)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR WORK -
ERS.—Section 245(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2317(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(2) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS .—Section 255(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2345(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
(3) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR FARM -
ERS.—Section 298(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2401g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal years 2015 through 2021’’. SEC. 204. PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT AND RE-
PORTING. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Section 239(j) 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2311(j)) is 
amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘DATAREPORTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERFORM -
ANCE MEASURES ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘an annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘meas-
ures’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘core’’ 
and inserting ‘‘primary’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘that 
promote efficiency and effectiveness’’ after ‘‘as-sistance program’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ORE INDICATORS DESCRIBED ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE ’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) P RIMARY INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE  
DESCRIBED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The primary indicators of 
performance referred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall consist of— 
‘‘(I) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who are in unsub-sidized employment during the second calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(II) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program and who are in unsub-sidized employment during the fourth calendar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(III) the median earnings of workers de-
scribed in subclause (I); 
‘‘(IV) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, subject to clause (ii), obtain a recognized postsecondary creden-tial or a secondary school diploma or its recog-nized equivalent, during participation in the program or within one year after exit from the program; and 
‘‘(V) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, during a year while receiving such benefits, are in an edu-cation or training program that leads to a recog-nized postsecondary credential or employment and who are achieving measurable gains in skills toward such a credential or employment. 
‘‘(ii) I
NDICATOR RELATING TO CREDENTIAL .— 
For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a worker who re-ceived benefits under the trade adjustment as-sistance program who obtained a secondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent shall be included in the percentage counted for pur-poses of that clause only if the worker, in addi-tion to obtaining such a diploma or its recog-nized equivalent, has obtained or retained em-ployment or is in an education or training pro-gram leading to a recognized postsecondary cre-dential within one year after exit from the pro-gram.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
DATA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEASURES ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘annual’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting ‘‘meas-
ures’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
CCESSIBILITY OF STATE PERFORMANCE  
REPORTS .—The Secretary shall, on an annual 
basis, make available (including by electronic means), in an easily understandable format, the reports of cooperating States or cooperating State agencies required by paragraph (1) and the information contained in those reports.’’. 
(b) C
OLLECTION AND PUBLICATION OF DATA.— 
Section 249B of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘enrolled 
in’’ and inserting ‘‘who received’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘complete’’ and inserting 
‘‘exited’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘who were enrolled in’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, including who received’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exited’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exit’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) The average cost per worker of receiving 
training approved under section 236. 
‘‘(H) The percentage of workers who received 
training approved under section 236 and ob-tained unsubsidized employment in a field re-lated to that training.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by striking 
‘‘quarterly’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(C) The median earnings of workers de-
scribed in section 239(j)(2)(A)(i)(III) during the second calendar quarter after exit from the pro-gram, expressed as a percentage of the median earnings of such workers before the calendar quarter in which such workers began receiving benefits under this chapter.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) the reports required under section 
239(j);’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a quar-
terly’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual’’. 
(c) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIAL  
DEFINED .—Section 247 of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(19) The term ‘recognized postsecondary cre-
dential’ means a credential consisting of an in-dustry-recognized certificate or certification, a certificate of completion of an apprenticeship, a license recognized by a State or the Federal Government, or an associate or baccalaureate degree.’’. 
SEC. 205. APPLICABILITY OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT 
ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS. 
(a) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .— 
(1) P ETITIONS FILED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1 , 
2014, AND BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C ERTIFICATIONS OF WORKERS NOT CER -
TIFIED BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(i) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Labor has not made a determination with respect to whether to cer-tify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in clause (iii), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIALS OF CERTIFI -
CATIONS .—If, before the date of the enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary made a determination not to certify a group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a peti-tion described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall— 
(I) reconsider that determination; and (II) if the group of workers meets the require-
ments of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the group of workers as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7285 October 28, 2015 
(iii) P ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this clause is a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility for a group of workers filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause 
(ii), a worker certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be eligible, on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to receive ben-efits only under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) C
OMPUTATION OF MAXIMUM BENEFITS .— 
Benefits received by a worker described in clause (i) under chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be included in any determination of the maximum benefits for which the worker is eligible under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
ETITIONS FILED BEFORE JANUARY 1 , 2014.— 
A worker certified as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or before December 31, 2013, shall continue to be el-igible to apply for and receive benefits under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of such Act, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
(3) Q
UALIFYING SEPARATIONS WITH RESPECT TO  
PETITIONS FILED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF DATE OF EN -
ACTMENT .—Section 223(b) of the Trade Act of 
1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall be applied and administered by substituting ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ for ‘‘more than one year before the date of the petition on which such certification was granted’’ for pur-poses of determining whether a worker is eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a petition filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and on or before the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(b) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS.— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS NOT CERTIFIED  
BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in sub-paragraph (C), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(B) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIAL OF CERTAIN  
PETITIONS .—If, before the date of the enactment 
of this Act, the Secretary made a determination not to certify a firm as eligible to apply for ad-justment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition de-scribed in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall— 
(i) reconsider that determination; and (ii) if the firm meets the requirements of sec-
tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the firm as eligi-ble to apply for adjustment assistance. 
(C) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition described 
in this subparagraph is a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility filed by a firm or its rep-resentative under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS THAT DID NOT  
SUBMIT PETITIONS BETWEEN JANUARY 1 , 2014, AND 
DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Commerce 
shall certify a firm described in subparagraph (B) as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in 
effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, if the firm or its representative files a petition for a certification of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(B) F
IRM DESCRIBED .—A firm described in this 
subparagraph is a firm that the Secretary deter-mines would have been certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance if— 
(i) the firm or its representative had filed a pe-
tition for a certification of eligibility under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on a date dur-ing the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act; and 
(ii) the provisions of chapter 3 of title II of the 
Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, had been in effect on that date dur-ing the period described in clause (i). 
SEC. 206. SUNSET PROVISIONS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF PRIOR LAW.—Subject to 
subsection (b), beginning on July 1, 2021, the provisions of chapters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.), as in effect on January 1, 2014, shall be in effect and apply, except that in applying and admin-istering such chapters— 
(1) paragraph (1) of section 231(c) of that Act 
shall be applied and administered as if subpara-graphs (A), (B), and (C) of that paragraph were not in effect; 
(2) section 233 of that Act shall be applied and 
administered— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by substituting ‘‘104-week 
period’’ for ‘‘104-week period’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘130-week period)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by substituting ‘‘65’’ for ‘‘52’’; and 
(II) by substituting ‘‘78-week period’’ for ‘‘52- 
week period’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering subsection 
(g) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(g) P
AYMENT OF TRADE READJUSTMENT AL-
LOWANCES TOCOMPLETE TRAINING .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, in order to assist an adversely affected worker to complete training approved for the worker under section 236 that leads to the completion of a degree or industry-recognized credential, pay-ments may be made as trade readjustment allow-ances for not more than 13 weeks within such period of eligibility as the Secretary may pre-scribe to account for a break in training or for justifiable cause that follows the last week for which the worker is otherwise entitled to a trade readjustment allowance under this chapter if— 
‘‘(1) payment of the trade readjustment allow-
ance for not more than 13 weeks is necessary for the worker to complete the training; 
‘‘(2) the worker participates in training in 
each such week; and 
‘‘(3) the worker— ‘‘(A) has substantially met the performance 
benchmarks established as part of the training approved for the worker; 
‘‘(B) is expected to continue to make progress 
toward the completion of the training; and 
‘‘(C) will complete the training during that 
period of eligibility.’’; 
(3) section 245(a) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’; 
(4) section 246(b)(1) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘the date that is 5 years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State’’; 
(5) section 256(b) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007, and $4,000,000 for the 3-month period beginning on October 1, 2007’’; 
(6) section 298(a) of that Act shall be applied 
and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of 
the fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘October 1, 2007’’; and 
(7) section 285 of that Act shall be applied and 
administered— 
(A) in subsection (a), by substituting ‘‘June 
30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering subsection 
(b) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(b) O
THER ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE FOR FIRMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), assistance may not be provided under chapter 3 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), any assistance approved under chap-ter 3 pursuant to a petition filed under section 251 on or before June 30, 2022, may be pro-vided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pursuant 
to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assist-
ance is otherwise eligible to receive such assist-ance. 
‘‘(2) F
ARMERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), assistance may not be provided under chapter 6 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), any assistance approved under chap-ter 6 on or before June 30, 2022, may be pro-vided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pursuant 
to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the assist-
ance is otherwise eligible to receive such assist-ance.’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of chapters 
2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall continue to apply on and after July 1, 2021, with respect to— 
(1) workers certified as eligible for trade ad-
justment assistance benefits under chapter 2 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 221 of that Act before July 1, 2021; 
(2) firms certified as eligible for technical as-
sistance or grants under chapter 3 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under sec-tion 251 of that Act before July 1, 2021; and 
(3) agricultural commodity producers certified 
as eligible for technical or financial assistance under chapter 6 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 292 of that Act before July 1, 2021. 
SEC. 207. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
HEALTH COVERAGE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subparagraph (B) of section 
35(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘before January 1, 2020’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATION WITHCREDIT FOR COV-
ERAGE UNDER A QUALIFIED HEALTH PLAN.—Sub-
section (g) of section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-
graph (13), and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(11) E
LECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—This section shall not 
apply to any taxpayer for any eligible coverage month unless such taxpayer elects the applica-tion of this section for such month. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING AND APPLICABILITY OF ELEC -
TION.—Except as the Secretary may provide— 
‘‘(i) an election to have this section apply for 
any eligible coverage month in a taxable year shall be made not later than the due date (in-cluding extensions) for the return of tax for the taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) any election for this section to apply for 
an eligible coverage month shall apply for all subsequent eligible coverage months in the tax-able year and, once made, shall be irrevocable with respect to such months. 
‘‘(12) C
OORDINATION WITH PREMIUM TAX CRED -
IT.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7286 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible coverage month 
to which the election under paragraph (11) ap-plies shall not be treated as a coverage month (as defined in section 36B(c)(2)) for purposes of section 36B with respect to the taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH ADVANCE PAYMENTS  
OF PREMIUM TAX CREDIT .—In the case of a tax-
payer who makes the election under paragraph (11) with respect to any eligible coverage month in a taxable year or on behalf of whom any ad-vance payment is made under section 7527 with respect to any month in such taxable year— 
‘‘(i) the tax imposed by this chapter for the 
taxable year shall be increased by the excess, if any, of— 
‘‘(I) the sum of any advance payments made 
on behalf of the taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and section 7527 for months during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(II) the sum of the credits allowed under this 
section (determined without regard to para-graph (1)) and section 36B (determined without regard to subsection (f)(1) thereof) for such tax-able year, and 
‘‘(ii) section 36B(f)(2) shall not apply with re-
spect to such taxpayer for such taxable year, ex-cept that if such taxpayer received any advance payments under section 7527 for any month in such taxable year and is later allowed a credit under section 36B for such taxable year, then section 36B(f)(2)(B) shall be applied by sub-stituting the amount determined under clause (i) for the amount determined under section 36B(f)(2)(A).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF ADVANCE PAYMENT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 7527 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘the date that is 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reau-thorization Act of 2015’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) 
of section 7527(e) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘occurring’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘occurring— 
‘‘(A) after the date that is 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015, and 
‘‘(B) prior to the first month for which an ad-
vance payment is made on behalf of such indi-vidual under subsection (a).’’. 
(d) I
NDIVIDUAL INSURANCE TREATED AS QUALI-
FIED HEALTH INSURANCE WITHOUT REGARD TO  
ENROLLMENT DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (J) of section 
35(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘insurance if the eligible individual’’ and all that follows through ‘‘For purposes of’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance. For pur-poses of’’. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Subparagraph (J) of sec-
tion 35(e)(1) of such Code, as amended by para-graph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘insurance.’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance (other than coverage enrolled in through an Exchange established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act).’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (m) 
of section 6501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, 35(g)(11)’’ after ‘‘30D(e)(4)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(2) P
LANS AVAILABLE ON INDIVIDUAL MARKET  
FOR USE OF TAX CREDIT .—The amendment made 
by subsection (d)(2) shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2015. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 35(g)(11)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this title), an election to apply section 35 of such Code to an eligible cov-erage month (as defined in section 35(b) of such Code) (and not to claim the credit under section 
36B of such Code with respect to such month) in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2013, and before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(A) may be made at any time on or after such 
date of enactment and before the expiration of the 3-year period of limitation prescribed in sec-tion 6511(a) with respect to such taxable year; and 
(B) may be made on an amended return. (g) A
GENCY OUTREACH .—As soon as possible 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the Treasury, Health and Human Services, and Labor (or such Secretaries’ dele-gates) and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or the Director’s dele-gate) shall carry out programs of public out-reach, including on the Internet, to inform po-tential eligible individuals (as defined in section 35(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the extension of the credit under section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the availability of the election to claim such credit retroactively for coverage months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 208. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Fees may be charged under paragraphs 
(9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 29, 2025, and ending on Sep-tember 30, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea 
Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) F
URTHER ADDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the 
period beginning on July 15, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SEC. 209. CHILD TAX CREDIT NOT REFUNDABLE 
FOR TAXPAYERS ELECTING TO EX-CLUDE FOREIGN EARNED INCOME FROM TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24(d) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Paragraph (1) shall 
not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 210. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corpora-tion with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding tax-able year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment of 
corporate estimated tax which is otherwise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 2.75 percent of such amount (deter-mined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in para-graph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to re-flect the amount of the increase by reason of such paragraph. SEC. 211. COVERAGE AND PAYMENT FOR RENAL 
DIALYSIS SERVICES FOR INDIVID-UALS WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY. 
(a) C OVERAGE .—Section 1861(s)(2)(F) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(s)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including such renal dialysis serv-ices furnished on or after January 1, 2017, by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under section 1881(b)(14) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in section 1834(r)(2))’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT .—Section 1834 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(r) P
AYMENT FOR RENAL DIALYSIS SERVICES  
FORINDIVIDUALS WITHACUTE KIDNEY INJURY .— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENT RATE .—In the case of renal di-
alysis services (as defined in subparagraph (B) of section 1881(b)(14)) furnished under this part by a renal dialysis facility or provider of serv-ices paid under such section during a year (be-ginning with 2017) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in paragraph (2)), the amount of payment under this part for such services shall be the base rate for renal dialysis services determined for such year under such section, as adjusted by any applicable geo-graphic adjustment factor applied under sub-paragraph (D)(iv)(II) of such section and may be adjusted by the Secretary (on a budget neu-tral basis for payments under this paragraph) by any other adjustment factor under subpara-graph (D) of such section. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-
vidual with acute kidney injury’ means an indi-vidual who has acute loss of renal function and does not receive renal dialysis services for which payment is made under section 1881(b)(14).’’. 
SEC. 212. MODIFICATION OF THE MEDICARE SE-
QUESTER FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024. 
Section 251A(6)(D)(ii) of the Balanced Budget 
and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)(D)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘0.0 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘0.25 percent’’. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the motion. 
The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Rogers of Kentucky moves that the 
House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314 with the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–315 modified by the amendment printed in part B of that re-port. 
The text of the House amendment to 
the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted by the Senate amendment, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
Sec. 101. Amendments to the Balanced Budg-
et and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985. 
Sec. 102. Authority for fiscal year 2017 budg-
et resolution in the Senate. 
TITLE II—AGRICULTURE 
Sec. 201. Standard Reinsurance Agreement. 
TITLE III—COMMERCE 
Sec. 301. Debt collection improvements. 
TITLE IV—STRATEGIC PETROLEUM 
RESERVE 
Sec. 401. Strategic Petroleum Reserve test 
drawdown and sale notification and definition change. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.009 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7287 October 28, 2015 
Sec. 402. Strategic Petroleum Reserve mis-
sion readiness optimization. 
Sec. 403. Strategic Petroleum Reserve draw-
down and sale. 
Sec. 404. Energy Security and Infrastructure 
Modernization Fund. 
TITLE V—PENSIONS 
Sec. 501. Single employer plan annual pre-
mium rates. 
Sec. 502. Pension Payment Acceleration. Sec. 503. Mortality tables. Sec. 504. Extension of current funding sta-
bilization percentages to 2018, 2019, and 2020. 
TITLE VI—HEALTH CARE 
Sec. 601. Maintaining 2016 Medicare part B 
premium and deductible levels consistent with actuarially fair rates. 
Sec. 602. Applying the Medicaid additional 
rebate requirement to generic drugs. 
Sec. 603. Treatment of off-campus out-
patient departments of a pro-vider. 
Sec. 604. Repeal of automatic enrollment re-
quirement. 
TITLE VII—JUDICIARY 
Sec. 701. Civil monetary penalty inflation 
adjustments. 
Sec. 702. Crime Victims Fund. Sec. 703. Assets Forfeiture Fund. 
TITLE VIII—SOCIAL SECURITY 
Sec. 801. Short title. 
Subtitle A—Ensuring Correct Payments and 
Reducing Fraud 
Sec. 811. Expansion of cooperative disability 
investigations units. 
Sec. 812. Exclusion of certain medical 
sources of evidence. 
Sec. 813. New and stronger penalties. Sec. 814. References to Social Security and 
Medicare in electronic commu-nications. 
Sec. 815. Change to cap adjustment author-
ity. 
Subtitle B—Promoting Opportunity for 
Disability Beneficiaries 
Sec. 821. Temporary reauthorization of dis-
ability insurance demonstra-tion project authority. 
Sec. 822. Modification of demonstration 
project authority. 
Sec. 823. Promoting opportunity demonstra-
tion project. 
Sec. 824. Use of electronic payroll data to 
improve program administra-tion. 
Sec. 825. Treatment of earnings derived from 
services. 
Sec. 826. Electronic reporting of earnings. 
Subtitle C—Protecting Social Security 
Benefits 
Sec. 831. Closure of unintended loopholes. 
Sec. 832. Requirement for medical review. Sec. 833. Reallocation of payroll tax rev-
enue. 
Sec. 834. Access to financial information for 
waivers and adjustments of re-covery. 
Subtitle D—Relieving Administrative 
Burdens and Miscellaneous Provisions 
Sec. 841. Interagency coordination to im-
prove program administration. 
Sec. 842. Elimination of quinquennial deter-
minations relating to wage credits for military service prior to 1957. 
Sec. 843. Certification of benefits payable to 
a divorced spouse of a railroad worker to the Railroad Retire-ment Board. 
Sec. 844. Technical amendments to elimi-
nate obsolete provisions. Sec. 845. Reporting requirements to Con-
gress. 
Sec. 846. Expedited examination of adminis-
trative law judges. 
TITLE IX—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF 
PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT 
Sec. 901. Temporary extension of public debt 
limit. 
Sec. 902. Restoring congressional authority 
over the national debt. 
TITLE X—SPECTRUM PIPELINE 
Sec. 1001. Short title. 
Sec. 1002. Definitions. Sec. 1003. Rule of construction. Sec. 1004. Identification, reallocation, and 
auction of Federal spectrum. 
Sec. 1005. Additional uses of Spectrum Relo-
cation Fund. 
Sec. 1006. Plans for auction of certain spec-
trum. 
Sec. 1007. FCC auction authority. Sec. 1008. Reports to Congress. 
TITLE XI—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
RELATED TO TAX COMPLIANCE 
Sec. 1101. Partnership audits and adjust-
ments. 
Sec. 1102. Partnership interests created by 
gift. 
TITLE XII—DESIGNATION OF SMALL 
HOUSE ROTUNDA 
Sec. 1201. Designating small House rotunda 
as ‘‘Freedom Foyer’’. 
TITLE I—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 101. AMENDMENTS TO THE BALANCED 
BUDGET AND EMERGENCY DEFICIT CONTROL ACT OF 1985. 
(a) R EVISED DISCRETIONARY SPENDING LIM-
ITS.—Section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget 
and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)) is amended by striking para-graphs (3) and (4) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) for fiscal year 2016— ‘‘(A) for the revised security category, 
$548,091,000,000 in new budget authority; and 
‘‘(B) for the revised nonsecurity category 
$518,491,000,000 in new budget authority; 
‘‘(4) for fiscal year 2017— ‘‘(A) for the revised security category, 
$551,068,000,000 in new budget authority; and 
‘‘(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, 
$518,531,000,000 in new budget authority;’’. 
(b) D
IRECT SPENDING ADJUSTMENTS FOR FIS-
CALYEARS 2016 AND2017.—Section 251A of the 
Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (10)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (10) and (11)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) I
MPLEMENTING DIRECT SPENDING RE -
DUCTIONS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2016 AND 2017 .—(A) 
OMB shall make the calculations necessary to implement the direct spending reductions calculated pursuant to paragraphs (3) and (4) without regard to the amendment made to section 251(c) revising the discretionary spending limits for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
‘‘(B) Paragraph (5)(B) shall not be imple-
mented for fiscal years 2016 and 2017.’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF DIRECT SPENDING REDUC -
TIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR2025.—Section 251A(6) 
of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘and for fiscal year 2024’’ and by inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2024, and for fiscal year 2025’’; 
(2) by striking subparagraph (C) and redes-
ignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (C); and 
(3) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2024’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2025’’. (d) O
VERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS  
AMOUNTS .—In fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the 
adjustments under section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)) for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism appropriations will be as fol-lows: 
(1) For budget function 150— (A) for fiscal year 2016, $14,895,000,000; and (B) for fiscal year 2017, $14,895,000,000. (2) For budget function 050— (A) for fiscal year 2016, $58,798,000,000; and (B) for fiscal year 2017, $58,798,000,000. 
This subsection shall not affect the appli-
cability of section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 102. AUTHORITY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 
BUDGET RESOLUTION IN THE SEN-ATE. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2017.—For the purpose of 
enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, after April 15, 2016, and enforcing budg-etary points of order in prior concurrent res-olutions on the budget, the allocations, ag-gregates, and levels provided for in sub-section (b) shall apply in the Senate in the same manner as for a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017 with appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2018 through 2026. 
(b) C
OMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS , AGGREGATES , 
AND LEVELS .—After April 15, 2016, but not 
later than May 15, 2016, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall file— 
(1) for the Committee on Appropriations, 
committee allocations for fiscal year 2017 consistent with discretionary spending lim-its set forth in section 251(c)(4) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended by this Act, for the purpose of enforcing section 302 of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974; 
(2) for all committees other than the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, committee alloca-tions for fiscal years 2017, 2017 through 2021, and 2017 through 2026 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted dur-ing the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the pur-pose of enforcing section 302 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974; 
(3) aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 
2017 in accordance with the allocations es-tablished under paragraphs (1) and (2), for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; 
(4) aggregate revenue levels for fiscal years 
2017, 2017 through 2021, and 2017 through 2026 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; and 
(5) levels of Social Security revenues and 
outlays for fiscal years 2017, 2017 through 2021, and 2017 through 2026 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congres-sional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law en-acted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL MATTER .—The filing re-
ferred to in subsection (b) may also include for fiscal year 2017 the matter contained in subtitles A and B of title IV of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress) updated by 1 fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7288 October 28, 2015 
(d) E XPIRATION .—This section shall expire 
if a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017 is agreed to by the Senate and the House of Representatives pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
TITLE II—AGRICULTURE 
SEC. 201. STANDARD REINSURANCE AGREEMENT. 
Section 508(k)(8) of the Federal Crop Insur-
ance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508(k)(8)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘may renego-tiate’’ and all that follows through the end of clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘shall renegotiate the financial terms and conditions of each Standard Reinsurance Agreement— 
‘‘(i) not later than December 31, 2016; and ‘‘(ii) not less than once during each period 
of 5 reinsurance years thereafter.’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (E) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(E) C
AP ON OVERALL RATE OF RETURN .— 
Notwithstanding subparagraph (F), the Board shall ensure that the Standard Rein-surance Agreement renegotiated under sub-paragraph (A)(i) establishes a target rate of return for the approved insurance providers, taken as a whole, that does not exceed 8.9 percent of retained premium for each of the 2017 through 2026 reinsurance years.’’. 
TITLE III—COMMERCE 
SEC. 301. DEBT COLLECTION IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 227(b) of the Com-
munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by inserting ‘‘, 
unless such call is made solely to collect a debt owed to or guaranteed by the United States’’ after ‘‘charged for the call’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, is 
made solely pursuant to the collection of a debt owed to or guaranteed by the United States,’’ after ‘‘purposes’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (G), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) may restrict or limit the number and 
duration of calls made to a telephone num-ber assigned to a cellular telephone service to collect a debt owed to or guaranteed by the United States.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE FOR REGULATIONS .—Not later 
than 9 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Communications Com-mission, in consultation with the Depart-ment of the Treasury, shall prescribe regula-tions to implement the amendments made 
by this section. 
TITLE IV—STRATEGIC PETROLEUM 
RESERVE 
SEC. 401. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
TEST DRAWDOWN AND SALE NOTIFI-CATION AND DEFINITION CHANGE. 
(a) N OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Section 161(g) of 
the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(g)) is amended by striking para-graph (8) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(8) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(A) P RIOR NOTICE .—Not less than 14 days 
before the date on which a test is carried out under this subsection, the Secretary shall notify both Houses of Congress of the test. 
‘‘(B) E
MERGENCY .—The prior notice re-
quirement in subparagraph (A) shall not apply if the Secretary determines that an emergency exists which requires a test to be carried out, in which case the Secretary shall notify both Houses of Congress of the test as soon as possible. 
‘‘(C) D
ETAILED DESCRIPTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date on which a test is completed under this subsection, the Secretary shall 
submit to both Houses of Congress a detailed description of the test. 
‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—A detailed description sub-
mitted under clause (i) may be included as part of a report made to the President and Congress under section 165.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION CHANGE .—Section 3(8)(C)(iii) 
of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6202(8)(C)(iii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sabotage or an act of God’’ and insert-ing ‘‘sabotage, an act of terrorism, or an act of God’’. 
SEC. 402. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE MIS-
SION READINESS OPTIMIZATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
(1) complete a long-range strategic review 
of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve; and 
(2) develop and submit to Congress a pro-
posed action plan, including a proposed im-plementation schedule, that— 
(A) specifies near- and long-term roles of 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve relative to the energy and economic security goals and objectives of the United States; 
(B) describes whether existing legal au-
thorities that govern the policies, configura-tion, and capabilities of the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve are adequate to ensure that the Strategic Petroleum Reserve can meet the current and future energy and economic security goals and objectives of the United States; 
(C) identifies the configuration and per-
formance capabilities of the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve and recommends an action plan to achieve the optimal— 
(i) capacity, location, and composition of 
petroleum products in the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve; and 
(ii) storage and distributional capabilities; 
and 
(D) estimates the resources required to at-
tain and maintain the long-term sustain-ability and operational effectiveness of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
SEC. 403. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.—Notwith-
standing section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell— 
(1) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2018; 
(2) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2019; 
(3) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2020; 
(4) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2021; 
(5) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2022; 
(6) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2023; 
(7) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2024; and 
(8) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2025. 
(b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Sec-
retary shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in amounts that would limit the authority to sell petroleum prod-ucts under section 161(h) of the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C.6241(h)) in the full amount authorized by that sub-section. 
(c) P
ROCEEDS .—Proceeds from a sale under 
this section shall be deposited into the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal 
year in which the sale occurs. 
SEC. 404. ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-
TURE MODERNIZATION FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-
tablished in the Treasury of the United States a fund to be known as the Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Modernization Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), consisting of— 
(1) collections deposited in the Fund under 
subsection (c); and 
(2) amounts otherwise appropriated to the 
Fund. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Fund is 
to provide for the construction, mainte-nance, repair, and replacement of Strategic 
Petroleum Reserve facilities. 
(c) C
OLLECTION AND DEPOSIT OF SALEPRO-
CEEDS IN FUND.— 
(1) D RAWDOWN AND SALE .—Notwithstanding 
section 161 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), to the extent provided in advance in appropriation Acts, the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in amounts as authorized under sub-section (e), except as provided in paragraph (2). Amounts received for a sale under this paragraph shall be deposited into the Fund during the fiscal year in which the sale oc-curs. Such amounts shall remain available in the Fund without fiscal year limitation. 
(2) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary 
shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this subsection in amounts that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under section 161(h) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C.6241(h)) in the full amount authorized by that subsection. 
(d) A
UTHORIZED USES OF FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts in the Fund may 
be used for, or may be credited as offsetting collections for amounts used for, carrying out the program described in paragraph (2)(B), to the extent provided in advance in appropriation Acts. 
(2) P
ROGRAM TO MODERNIZE THE STRATEGIC  
PETROLEUM RESERVE .— 
(A) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(i) The Strategic Petroleum Reserve is one 
of the Nation’s most valuable energy secu-rity assets. 
(ii) The age and condition of the Strategic 
Petroleum Reserve have diminished its value as a Federal energy security asset. 
(iii) Global oil markets and the location 
and amount of United States oil production and refining capacity have dramatically changed in the 40 years since the establish-ment of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
(iv) Maximizing the energy security value 
of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve requires a modernized infrastructure that meets the drawdown and distribution needs of changed domestic and international oil and refining market conditions. 
(B) P
ROGRAM .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall establish a Strategic Petroleum Re-serve modernization program to protect the United States economy from the impacts of emergency product supply disruptions. The program may include— 
(i) operational improvements to extend the 
useful life of surface and subsurface infra-structure; 
(ii) maintenance of cavern storage integ-
rity; and 
(iii) addition of infrastructure and facili-
ties to optimize the drawdown and incre-mental distribution capacity of the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated (and drawdowns and sales under subsection (c) in an equal amount are authorized) for carrying out subsection (d)(2)(B), $2,000,000,000 for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7289 October 28, 2015 
period encompassing fiscal years 2017 
through 2020. 
(f) T RANSMISSION OF DEPARTMENT BUDGET  
REQUESTS .—The Secretary of Energy shall 
prepare and submit in the Department’s an-nual budget request to Congress— 
(1) an itemization of the amounts of funds 
necessary to carry out subsection (d); and 
(2) a designation of any activities there-
under for which a multiyear budget author-ity would be appropriate. 
(g) S
UNSET .—The authority of the Sec-
retary to draw down and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve under this section shall expire at the end of fiscal year 2020. 
TITLE V—PENSIONS 
SEC. 501. SINGLE EMPLOYER PLAN ANNUAL PRE-
MIUM RATES. 
(a) F LAT-RATE PREMIUM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4006(a)(3)(A)(i) of 
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-clause (IV), by striking the period at the end of subclause (V) and inserting a semicolon, and by inserting after subclause (V) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(VI) for plan years beginning after De-
cember 31, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, $69; 
‘‘(VII) for plan years beginning after De-
cember 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, $74; and 
‘‘(VIII) for plan years beginning after De-
cember 31, 2018, $80.’’. 
(2) P
REMIUM RATES AFTER 2019 .—Section 
4006(a)(3)(G) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(3)(G)) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and 
(B) in clause (i)(II) by striking ‘‘2014’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) V
ARIABLE -RATE PREMIUM INCREASES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4006(a)(8)(C) of 
such Act (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(8)(C)) is amend-ed— (A) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-
ing ‘‘increase in 2014 and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘increases’’; 
(B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(C) in clause (iii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) in the case of plan years beginning in 
calendar year 2017, by $3; 
‘‘(v) in the case of plan years beginning in 
calendar year 2018, by $4; and 
‘‘(vi) in the case of plan years beginning in 
calendar year 2019, by $4.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
4006(a)(8) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(8)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) for plan years beginning after calendar 
year 2017, the amount in effect for plan years beginning in 2017 (determined after applica-tion of subparagraph (C)); 
‘‘(vi) for plan years beginning after cal-
endar year 2018, the amount in effect for plan 
years beginning in 2018 (determined after ap-plication of subparagraph (C)); and 
‘‘(vii) for plan years beginning after cal-
endar year 2019, the amount in effect for plan years beginning in 2019 (determined after ap-plication of subparagraph (C)).’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) 2015, in the case of plan years begin-
ning after calendar year 2017; 
‘‘(vi) 2016, in the case of plan years begin-
ning after calendar year 2018; and 
‘‘(vii) 2017, in the case of plan years begin-
ning after calendar year 2019.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 502. PENSION PAYMENT ACCELERATION. 
Notwithstanding section 4007(a) of the Em-
ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1307(a)) and section 4007.11 of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations, for plan years commencing after December 31, 2024, and before January 1, 2026, the premium due date for such plan years shall be the fif-teenth day of the ninth calendar month that begins on or after the first day of the pre-mium payment year. 
SEC. 503. MORTALITY TABLES. 
(a) C REDIBILITY .—For purposes of subclause 
(I) of section 430(h)(3)(C)(iii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and subclause (I) of sec-tion 303(h)(3)(C)(iii) of the Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974, the deter-mination of whether plans have credible in-formation shall be made in accordance with established actuarial credibility theory, which— 
(1) is materially different from rules under 
such section of such Code, including Revenue Procedure 2007-37, that are in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and 
(2) permits the use of tables that reflect 
adjustments to the tables described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 430(h)(3) of such Code, and subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 303(h)(3) of such Act, if such adjust-ments are based on the experience described in subclause (II) of section 430(h)(3)(C)(iii) of such Code and in subclause (II) of section 303(h)(3)(C)(iii) of such Act. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
apply to plan years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2015. 
SEC. 504. EXTENSION OF CURRENT FUNDING STA-
BILIZATION PERCENTAGES TO 2018, 2019 AND 2020. 
(a) F UNDING STABILIZATION UNDER THE IN-
TERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986.—The table in 
subclause (II) of section 430(h)(2)(C)(iv) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘If the calendar year is: The applicable minimum percentage is: The applicable maximum percentage is: 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, or 
2020.90% ................................................................ 110% 
2021 ................................................................... 85% ..................................................... ........... 115% 
2022 ................................................................... 80% ..................................................... ........... 120% 
2023 ................................................................... 75% ..................................................... ........... 125% 
After 2023 ......................................................... 70% ......................................................... ....... 130%’’. 
(b) F UNDING STABILIZATION UNDER EM-
PLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF  
1974.— (1) I N GENERAL .—The table in subclause (II) 
of section 303(h)(2)(C)(iv) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1083(h)(2)(C)(iv)) is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘If the calendar year is: The applicable minimum percentage is: The applicable maximum percentage is: 
2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, or 
2020.90% ................................................................ 110% 
2021 ................................................................... 85% ..................................................... ........... 115% 
2022 ................................................................... 80% ..................................................... ........... 120% 
2023 ................................................................... 75% ..................................................... ........... 125% 
After 2023 ......................................................... 70% ......................................................... ....... 130%’’. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 101(f)(2)(D) of 
such Act (29 U.S.C. 1021(f)(2)(D)) is amended— 
(i) in clause (i) by striking ‘‘and the High-
way and Transportation Funding Act of 2014’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014, and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015’’, ‘and 
(ii) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘2020’’ and in-
serting ‘‘2023’’. 
(B) S
TATEMENTS .—The Secretary of Labor 
shall modify the statements required under subclauses (I) and (II) of section 101(f)(2)(D)(i) 
of such Act to conform to the amendments made by this section. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to plan years beginning after December 31, 2015. TITLE VI—HEALTH CARE 
SEC. 601. MAINTAINING 2016 MEDICARE PART B 
PREMIUM AND DEDUCTIBLE LEVELS CONSISTENT WITH ACTUARIALLY FAIR RATES. 
(a) 2016 P REMIUM AND DEDUCTIBLE AND RE-
PAYMENT THROUGH FUTURE PREMIUMS .—Sec-
tion 1839(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(a)) is amended— 
(1) in the second sentence of paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Such’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraphs (5) and (6), such’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7290 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(5)(A) In applying this part (including 
subsection (i) and section 1833(b)), the monthly actuarial rate for enrollees age 65 and over for 2016 shall be determined as if subsection (f) did not apply. 
‘‘(B) Subsection (f) shall continue to be ap-
plied to paragraph (6)(A) (during a repay-ment month, as described in paragraph (6)(B)) and without regard to the application of subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(6)(A) With respect to a repayment month 
(as described in subparagraph (B)), the monthly premium otherwise established under paragraph (3) shall be increased by, subject to subparagraph (D), $3. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of this paragraph, a re-
payment month is a month during a year, beginning with 2016, for which a balance due amount is computed under subparagraph (C) as greater than zero. 
‘‘(C) For purposes of this paragraph, the 
balance due amount computed under this subparagraph, with respect to a month, is the amount estimated by the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices to be equal to— 
‘‘(i) the amount transferred under section 
1844(d)(1); plus 
‘‘(ii) the amount that is equal to the aggre-
gate reduction, for all individuals enrolled under this part, in the income related monthly adjustment amount as a result of the application of paragraph (5); minus 
‘‘(iii) the amounts payable under this part 
as a result of the application of this para-graph for preceding months. 
‘‘(D) If the balance due amount computed 
under subparagraph (C), without regard to this subparagraph, for December of a year would be less than zero, the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices shall estimate, and the Secretary shall apply, a reduction to the dollar amount in-crease applied under subparagraph (A) for each month during such year in a manner such that the balance due amount for Janu-ary of the subsequent year is equal to zero.’’. 
(b) T
RANSITIONAL GOVERNMENT CONTRIBU -
TION.—Section 1844 of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘In applying paragraph (1), the amounts 
transferred under subsection (d)(1) with re-spect to enrollees described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of such subsection shall be treat-ed as premiums payable and deposited in the Trust Fund under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of paragraph (1).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d)(1) For 2016, there shall be transferred 
from the General Fund to the Trust Fund an amount, as estimated by the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices, equal to the reduction in aggregate pre-miums payable under this part for a month in such year (excluding any changes in amounts collected under section 1839(i)) that is attributable to the application of section 1839(a)(5)(A) with respect to— 
‘‘(A) enrollees age 65 and over; and ‘‘(B) enrollees under age 65. 
Such amounts shall be transferred from time 
to time as appropriate. 
‘‘(2) Premium increases affected under sec-
tion 1839(a)(6) shall not be taken into ac-count in applying subsection (a). 
‘‘(3) There shall be transferred from the 
Trust Fund to the General Fund of the Treasury amounts equivalent to the addi-tional premiums payable as a result of the application of section 1839(a)(6), excluding the aggregate payments attributable to the application of section 1839(i)(3)(A)(ii)(II).’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING APPLICATION OF HIGHIN-
COME ADJUSTMENTS TO INCREASED MONTHLY  
PREMIUM IN SAME MANNER AS FOR REGULAR  
MEDICARE PREMIUMS .—Section 1839(i)(3)(A)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395r(i)(3)(A)(ii)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘ AMOUNT .–200 percent’’ and 
inserting the following: ‘‘ AMOUNT .– 
‘‘(I) 200 percent’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-
serting ‘‘; plus’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subclause: 
‘‘(II) 4 times the amount of the increase in 
the monthly premium under subsection (a)(6) for a month in the year.’’. 
(d) C
ONDITIONAL APPLICATION TO 2017 IFNO 
SOCIAL SECURITY COLA FOR2017.—If there is 
no increase in the monthly insurance bene-fits payable under title II with respect to De-cember 2016 pursuant to section 215(i), then the amendments made by this section shall be applied as if— 
(1) the reference to ‘‘2016’’ in paragraph 
(5)(A) of section 1839(a) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(a)), as added by sub-section (a)(2), was a reference to ‘‘2016 and 2017’’; 
(2) the reference to ‘‘a month during a 
year, beginning with 2016’’ in paragraph (6)(B) of section 1839 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(a)), as added by subsection (a)(2), was a reference to ‘‘a month in a year, beginning with 2016 and beginning with 2017, respec-tively’’; and 
(3) the reference to ‘‘2016’’ in subsection 
(d)(1) of section 1844 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w), as added by subsection (b)(2), was a reference to ‘‘each of 2016 and 2017’’. 
Any increase in premiums effected under 
this subsection shall be in addition to the in-crease effected by the amendments made by subsection (a). 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION REGARDING NOAUTHOR -
ITY TO INITIATE APPLICATION TO YEARS AFTER  
2017.—Nothing in subsection (d) or the amendments made by this section shall be construed as authorizing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to initiate appli-cation of such subsection or amendments for a year after 2017. 
SEC. 602. APPLYING THE MEDICAID ADDITIONAL 
REBATE REQUIREMENT TO GENERIC DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1927(c)(3) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(c)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The 
amount’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the amount’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL REBATE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The amount of the rebate 
specified in this paragraph for a rebate pe-riod, with respect to each dosage form and strength of a covered outpatient drug other than a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug of a manufacturer, shall be increased in the manner that the re-bate for a dosage form and strength of a sin-gle source drug or an innovator multiple source drug is increased under subparagraphs (A) and (D) of paragraph (2), except as pro-vided in clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES FOR APPLICATION OF  
PROVISION .—In applying subparagraphs (A) 
and (D) of paragraph (2) under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) the reference in subparagraph (A)(i) of 
such paragraph to ‘1990’ shall be deemed a reference to ‘2014’; 
‘‘(II) subject to clause (iii), the reference in 
subparagraph (A)(ii) of such paragraph to ‘the calendar quarter beginning July 1, 1990’ shall be deemed a reference to ‘the calendar quarter beginning July 1, 2014’; and 
‘‘(III) subject to clause (iii), the reference 
in subparagraph (A)(ii) of such paragraph to ‘September 1990’ shall be deemed a reference to ‘September 2014’; 
‘‘(IV) the references in subparagraph (D) of 
such paragraph to ‘paragraph (1)(A)(ii)’, ‘this paragraph’, and ‘December 31, 2009’ shall be 
deemed references to ‘subparagraph (A)’, ‘this subparagraph’, and ‘December 31, 2014’, respectively; and 
‘‘(V) any reference in such paragraph to a 
‘single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug’ shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to a drug to which clause (i) applies. 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN NONINNO -
VATOR MULTIPLE SOURCE DRUGS .—In applying 
paragraph (2)(A)(ii)(II) under clause (i) with respect to a covered outpatient drug that is first marketed as a drug other than a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug after April 1, 2013, such paragraph shall be applied— 
‘‘(I) by substituting ‘the applicable quar-
ter’ for ‘the calendar quarter beginning July 1, 1990’; and 
‘‘(II) by substituting ‘the last month in 
such applicable quarter’ for ‘September 1990’. 
‘‘(iv) A
PPLICABLE QUARTER DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘applicable quarter’ means, with respect to a drug described in clause (iii), the fifth full calendar quarter after which the drug is marketed as a drug other than a single source drug or an inno-
vator multiple source drug.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to rebate periods beginning after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 603. TREATMENT OF OFF-CAMPUS OUT-
PATIENT DEPARTMENTS OF A PRO-VIDER. 
Section 1833(t) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1395l(t)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘but’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (iv), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(v) does not include applicable items and 
services (as defined in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (21)) that are furnished on or after January 1, 2017, by an off-campus outpatient department of a provider (as defined in sub-paragraph (B) of such paragraph).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(21) S
ERVICES FURNISHED BY AN OFF -CAM-
PUS OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENT OF A PRO -
VIDER .— 
‘‘(A) A PPLICABLE ITEMS AND SERVICES .—For 
purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(v) and this para-graph, the term ‘applicable items and serv-ices’ means items and services other than items emergency department (as defined in section 489.24(b) of title 42 of the Code of Fed-eral Regulations). 
‘‘(B) O
FF-CAMPUS OUTPATIENT DEPARTMENT  
OF A PROVIDER .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-
graph (1)(B)(v) and this paragraph, subject to clause (ii), the term ‘off-campus outpatient department of a provider’ means a depart-ment of a provider (as defined in section 413.65(a)(2) of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph) that is not lo-cated— 
‘‘(I) on the campus (as defined in such sec-
tion 413.65(a)(2)) of such provider; or 
‘‘(II) within the distance (described in such 
definition of campus) from a remote location of a hospital facility (as defined in such sec-tion 413.65(a)(2)). 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—For purposes of para-
graph (1)(B)(v) and this paragraph, the term ‘off-campus outpatient department of a pro-vider’ shall not include a department of a provider (as so defined) that was billing under this subsection with respect to covered OPD services furnished prior to the date of the enactment of this paragraph. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7291 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(C) A VAILABILITY OF PAYMENT UNDER  
OTHER PAYMENT SYSTEMS .—Payments for ap-
plicable items and services furnished by an off-campus outpatient department of a pro-vider that are described in paragraph (1)(B)(v) shall be made under the applicable payment system under this part (other than under this subsection) if the requirements for such payment are otherwise met. 
‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION NEEDED FOR IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Each hospital shall provide to the 
Secretary such information as the Secretary determines appropriate to implement this paragraph and paragraph (1)(B)(v) (which may include reporting of information on a hospital claim using a code or modifier and reporting information about off-campus out-patient departments of a provider on the en-rollment form described in section 1866(j)). 
‘‘(E) L
IMITATIONS .—There shall be no ad-
ministrative or judicial review under section 1869, section 1878, or otherwise of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) The determination of the applicable 
items and services under subparagraph (A) and applicable payment systems under sub-paragraph (C). 
‘‘(ii) The determination of whether a de-
partment of a provider meets the term de-scribed in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(iii) Any information that hospitals are 
required to report pursuant to subparagraph (D).’’. 
SEC. 604. REPEAL OF AUTOMATIC ENROLLMENT 
REQUIREMENT. 
The Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 
U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended by repealing section 18A (as added by section 1511 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148)). 
TITLE VII—JUDICIARY 
SEC. 701. CIVIL MONETARY PENALTY INFLATION 
ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Federal Civil Penalties Infla-tion Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
MENDMENTS .—The Federal Civil Pen-
alties Inflation Adjustment Act of 1990 (28 U.S.C. 2461 note) is amended— 
(1) in section 4— (A) by striking the matter preceding para-
graph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 
2016, and not later than January 15 of every year thereafter, and subject to subsections (c) and (d), the head of each agency shall—’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘by regulation adjust’’ and 
inserting ‘‘in accordance with subsection (b), adjust’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, the Tariff Act of 1930, the 
Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, or the Social Security Act’’ and inserting ‘‘ or the Tariff Act of 1930’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘such reg-
ulation’’ and inserting ‘‘such adjustment’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) P
ROCEDURES FOR ADJUSTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ATCH UP ADJUSTMENT .—For the first 
adjustment made under subsection (a) after the date of enactment of the Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improve-ments Act of 2015— 
‘‘(A) the head of an agency shall adjust 
civil monetary penalties through an interim final rulemaking; and 
‘‘(B) the adjustment shall take effect not 
later than August 1, 2016. 
‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT ADJUSTMENTS .—For the 
second adjustment made under subsection (a) after the date of enactment of the Fed-eral Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015, and each ad-justment thereafter, the head of an agency shall adjust civil monetary penalties and 
shall make the adjustment notwithstanding section 553 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—For the first adjustment 
made under subsection (a) after the date of enactment of the Federal Civil Penalties In-flation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015, the head of an agency may adjust the amount of a civil monetary penalty by less than the otherwise required amount if— 
‘‘(1) the head of the agency, after pub-
lishing a notice of proposed rulemaking and providing an opportunity for comment, de-termines in a final rule that— 
‘‘(A) increasing the civil monetary penalty 
by the otherwise required amount will have a negative economic impact; or 
‘‘(B) the social costs of increasing the civil 
monetary penalty by the otherwise required amount outweigh the benefits; and 
‘‘(2) the Director of the Office of Manage-
ment and Budget concurs with the deter-mination of the head of the agency under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) O
THER ADJUSTMENTS MADE.—If a civil 
monetary penalty subject to a cost-of-living adjustment under this Act is, during the 12 months preceding a required cost-of-living adjustment, increased by an amount greater than the amount of the adjustment required under subsection (a), the head of the agency is not required to make the cost-of-living ad-justment for that civil monetary penalty in that year.’’; 
(2) in section 5— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘to the 
nearest—’’ and all that follows through the end of subsection (a) and inserting ‘‘to the nearest multiple of $1.’’; and 
(B) by amending subsection (b) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), for purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘cost-of-living adjustment’ means the percentage (if any) for each civil mone-tary penalty by which— 
‘‘(A) the Consumer Price Index for the 
month of October preceding the date of the adjustment, exceeds 
‘‘(B) the Consumer Price Index for the 
month of October 1 year before the month of October referred to in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) I
NITIAL ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(C), for the first inflation adjustment under section 4 made by an agency after the date of enactment of the Federal Civil Penalties In-flation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015, the term ‘cost-of-living adjustment’ means the percentage (if any) for each civil monetary penalty by which the Consumer Price Index for the month of October, 2015 exceeds the Consumer Price Index for the month of October of the calendar year during which the amount of such civil monetary penalty was established or adjusted under a provision of law other than this Act. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION OF ADJUSTMENT .—The 
cost-of-living adjustment described in sub-paragraph (A) shall be applied to the amount of the civil monetary penalty as it was most recently established or adjusted under a pro-vision of law other than this Act. 
‘‘(C) M
AXIMUM ADJUSTMENT .—The amount 
of the increase in a civil monetary penalty under subparagraph (A) shall not exceed 150 percent of the amount of that civil monetary penalty on the date of enactment of the Fed-eral Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Improvements Act of 2015.’’; 
(3) in section 6, by striking ‘‘violations 
which occur’’ and inserting ‘‘civil monetary penalties, including those whose associated violation predated such increase, which are assessed’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 7. IMPLEMENTATION AND OVERSIGHT EN-
HANCEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) OMB G UIDANCE .—Not later than Feb-
ruary 29, 2016, not later than December 15, 2016, and December 15 of every year there-after, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall issue guidance to agencies on implementing the inflation ad-justments required under this Act. 
‘‘(b) A
GENCY FINANCIAL REPORTS .—The 
head of each agency shall include in the Agency Financial Report submitted under OMB Circular A–136, or any successor there-to, information about the civil monetary penalties within the jurisdiction of the agen-cy, including the adjustment of the civil monetary penalties by the head of the agen-cy under this Act. 
‘‘(c) GAO R
EVIEW .—The Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall annually sub-mit to Congress a report assessing the com-pliance of agencies with the inflation adjust-ments required under this Act, which may be included as part of another report submitted to Congress.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL .—Section 31001(s) of the Debt 
Collection Improvement Act of 1996 (28 U.S.C. 2461 note) is amended by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 702. CRIME VICTIMS FUND. 
There is hereby rescinded and permanently 
canceled $1,500,000,000 of the funds deposited or available in the Crime Victims Fund cre-ated by section 1402 of the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10601). 
SEC. 703. ASSETS FORFEITURE FUND. 
Of the amounts deposited in the Depart-
ment of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund, $746,000,000 are hereby rescinded and perma-nently cancelled. 
TITLE VIII—SOCIAL SECURITY 
SEC. 801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Social Se-
curity Benefit Protection and Opportunity Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
Subtitle A—Ensuring Correct Payments and 
Reducing Fraud 
SEC. 811. EXPANSION OF COOPERATIVE DIS-
ABILITY INVESTIGATIONS UNITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 
2022, the Commissioner of Social Security shall take any necessary actions, subject to the availability of appropriations, to ensure that cooperative disability investigations units have been established, in areas where there is cooperation with local law enforce-ment agencies, that would cover each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, and American Samoa. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act and an-nually thereafter until the earlier of 2022 or the date on which nationwide coverage is achieved, the Commissioner of Social Secu-rity shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report describing a plan to implement the nationwide coverage described in subsection (a) and outlining areas where the Social Se-curity Administration did not receive the co-operation of local law enforcement agencies. 
SEC. 812. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN MEDICAL 
SOURCES OF EVIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(5) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 423(d)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C)(i) In making any determination with 
respect to whether an individual is under a disability or continues to be under a dis-ability, the Commissioner of Social Security may not consider (except for good cause as determined by the Commissioner) any evi-dence furnished by— 
‘‘(I) any individual or entity who has been 
convicted of a felony under section 208 or under section 1632; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7292 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(II) any individual or entity who has been 
excluded from participation in any Federal health care program under section 1128; or 
‘‘(III) any person with respect to whom a 
civil money penalty or assessment has been imposed under section 1129 for the submis-sion of false evidence. 
‘‘(ii) To the extent and at such times as is 
necessary for the effective implementation of clause (i) of this subparagraph— 
‘‘(I) the Inspector General of the Social Se-
curity Administration shall transmit to the Commissioner information relating to per-sons described in subclause (I) or (III) of clause (i); 
‘‘(II) the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services shall transmit to the Commissioner information relating to persons described in subclause (II) of clause (i); and’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Social Security shall issue regulations to carry out the amend-ment made by subsection (a). 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to determinations of disability made on or after the earlier of— 
(1) the effective date of the regulations 
issued by the Commissioner under subsection (b); or 
(2) one year after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act. 
SEC. 813. NEW AND STRONGER PENALTIES. 
(a) C ONSPIRACY TO COMMIT SOCIAL SECURITY  
FRAUD .— 
(1) A MENDMENT TO TITLE II .—Section 208(a) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (7)(C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (8), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(9) conspires to commit any offense de-
scribed in any of paragraphs (1) through (4),’’. 
(2) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE VIII .—Section 
811(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1011(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking the 
comma and adding ‘‘; or’’ at the end; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) conspires to commit any offense de-
scribed in any of paragraphs (1) through (3),’’. 
(3) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE XVI .—Section 
1632(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1383a(a)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) conspires to commit any offense de-
scribed in any of paragraphs (1) through (3),’’. 
(b) I
NCREASED CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR  
CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS VIOLATING POSITIONS OF  
TRUST .— 
(1) A MENDMENT TO TITLE II .—Section 208(a) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408(a)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, except that in the case of a person who receives a fee or other income for services performed in connection with any determination with respect to benefits under this title (including a claimant representa-tive, translator, or current or former em-ployee of the Social Security Administra-tion), or who is a physician or other health care provider who submits, or causes the 
submission of, medical or other evidence in connection with any such determination, such person shall be guilty of a felony and upon conviction thereof shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than ten years, or both.’’. 
(2) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE VIII .—Section 
811(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1011(a)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amend-ed by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, except that in the case of a person who receives a fee or other income for serv-ices performed in connection with any deter-mination with respect to benefits under this title (including a claimant representative, translator, or current or former employee of the Social Security Administration), or who is a physician or other health care provider who submits, or causes the submission of, medical or other evidence in connection with any such determination, such person shall be guilty of a felony and upon conviction there-of shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than ten years, or both.’’. 
(3) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE XVI .—Section 
1632(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1383a(a)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amend-ed by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, except that in the case of a person who receives a fee or other income for serv-ices performed in connection with any deter-mination with respect to benefits under this title (including a claimant representative, translator, or current or former employee of the Social Security Administration), or who is a physician or other health care provider who submits, or causes the submission of, medical or other evidence in connection with any such determination, such person shall be guilty of a felony and upon conviction there-of shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than ten years, or both.’’. 
(c) I
NCREASED CIVIL MONETARY PENALTIES  
FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS VIOLATING POSI-
TIONS OF TRUST .—Section 1129(a)(1) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-8(a)(1)) is amended, in the matter following subpara-graph (C), by inserting after ‘‘withholding disclosure of such fact’’ the following: ‘‘, ex-cept that in the case of such a person who re-ceives a fee or other income for services per-formed in connection with any such deter-mination (including a claimant representa-tive, translator, or current or former em-ployee of the Social Security Administra-tion) or who is a physician or other health care provider who submits, or causes the submission of, medical or other evidence in connection with any such determination, the amount of such penalty shall be not more than $7,500’’. 
(d) N
OBENEFITS PAYABLE TO INDIVIDUALS  
FORWHOM A CIVILMONETARY PENALTY ISIM-
POSED FOR FRAUDULENTLY CONCEALING WORK 
ACTIVITY .—Section 222(c)(5) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 422(c)(5)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘conviction by a Federal court’’ the following: ‘‘, or the imposition of a civil monetary penalty under section 1129,’’. 
SEC. 814. REFERENCES TO SOCIAL SECURITY 
AND MEDICARE IN ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1140(a)(1) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b-10(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including any Internet or other electronic communica-tion)’’ after ‘‘or other communication’’. 
(b) E
ACHCOMMUNICATION TREATED AS SEPA-
RATE VIOLATION .—Section 1140(b) of such Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1320b-10(b)) is amended by insert-ing after the second sentence the following: ‘‘In the case of any items referred to in sub-section (a)(1) consisting of Internet or other electronic communications, each dissemina-tion, viewing, or accessing of such a commu-
nication which contains one or more words, letters, symbols, or emblems in violation of subsection (a) shall represent a separate vio-lation’’. 
SEC. 815. CHANGE TO CAP ADJUSTMENT AU-
THORITY. 
Section 251(b)(2)(B) of the Balanced Budget 
and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i)— (A) in the matter before subclause (I), by 
striking ‘‘and for the cost associated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act’’ and inserting ‘‘, for the cost associated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the cost of co-operative disability inves-tigation units, and for the cost associated with the prosecution of fraud in the pro-grams and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assistant United States Attorneys’’; 
(B) in subclause (VI), by striking 
‘‘$1,309,000,000’’’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,546,000,000’’; 
(C) in subclause (VII), by striking 
‘‘$1,309,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,462,000,000’’; 
(D) in subclause (VIII), by striking 
‘‘$1,309,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,410,000,000’’; and 
(E) in subclause (X), by striking 
‘‘$1,309,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,302,000,000’’; 
(2) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing work-related continuing disability re-views to determine whether earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful ac-tivity’’ before the semicolon; and 
(3) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘and rede-
terminations’’ and inserting ‘‘, redetermina-tions, co-operative disability investigation units, and fraud prosecutions’’. 
Subtitle B—Promoting Opportunity for 
Disability Beneficiaries 
SEC. 821. TEMPORARY REAUTHORIZATION OF 
DISABILITY INSURANCE DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT AUTHORITY. 
(a) T ERMINATION DATE.—Section 234(d)(2) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 434(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 18, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021, and the author-ity to carry out such projects shall termi-nate on December 31, 2022’’. 
(b) A
UTHORITY TO WAIVE COMPLIANCE WITH 
BENEFITS REQUIREMENTS .—Section 234(c) of 
such Act is amended by striking ‘‘December 17, 2005’’ and inserting ‘‘December 30, 2021’’. 
SEC. 822. MODIFICATION OF DEMONSTRATION 
PROJECT AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 234(a)(1) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 434(a)(1)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by inserting ‘‘to promote attach-ment to the labor force and’’ after ‘‘de-signed’’. 
(b) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW PERIOD .—Sec-
tion 234(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 434(c)), as amended by section 821(b) of this Act, is further amended by inserting ‘‘including the objectives of the experiment or demonstration project, the expected an-nual and total costs, and the dates on which the experiment or demonstration project is expected to start and finish,’’ after ‘‘there-of,’’ 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—Section 234 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 434), as amended by subsection (b), is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In devel-
oping and carrying out any experiment or demonstration project under this section, the Commissioner may not require any indi-vidual to participate in such experiment or demonstration project and shall ensure— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7293 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(1) that the voluntary participation of in-
dividuals in such experiment or demonstra-tion project is obtained through informed written consent which satisfies the require-ments for informed consent established by the Commissioner for use in such experiment or demonstration project in which human subjects are at risk; 
‘‘(2) that any individual’s voluntary agree-
ment to participate in any such experiment or demonstration project may be revoked by such individual at any time; and 
‘‘(3) that such experiment or demonstra-
tion project is expected to yield statistically significant results.’’. 
(d) A
NNUAL REPORTING DEADLINE .—Section 
234(d)(1) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘June 9’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30’’. 
SEC. 823. PROMOTING OPPORTUNITY DEM-
ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
Section 234 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 434), as amended by section 822 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) P
ROMOTING OPPORTUNITY DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner shall 
carry out a demonstration project under this subsection as described in paragraph (2) dur-ing a 5-year period beginning not later than January 1, 2017. 
‘‘(2) B
ENEFIT OFFSET .—Under the dem-
onstration project described in this para-graph, with respect to any individual partici-pating in the project who is otherwise enti-tled to a benefit under section 223(a)(1) for a month— 
‘‘(A) any such benefit otherwise payable to 
the individual for such month (other than a benefit payable for any month prior to the 1st month beginning after the date on which the individual’s entitlement to such benefit is determined) shall be reduced by $1 for each $2 by which the individual’s earnings derived from services paid during such month ex-ceeds an amount equal to the individual’s impairment-related work expenses for such month (as determined under paragraph (3)), except that such benefit may not be reduced below $0; 
‘‘(B) no benefit shall be payable under sec-
tion 202 on the basis of the wages and self- employment income of the individual for any month for which the benefit of such indi-vidual under section 223(a)(1) is reduced to $0 pursuant to subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) entitlement to any benefit described 
in subparagraph (A) or (B) shall not termi-nate due to earnings derived from services except following the first month for which such benefit has been reduced to $0 pursuant to subparagraph (A) (and the trial work pe-riod (as defined in section 222(c)) and ex-tended period of eligibility shall not apply to any such individual for any such month); and 
‘‘(D) in any case in which such an indi-
vidual is entitled to hospital insurance bene-fits under part A of title XVIII by reason of section 226(b) and such individual’s entitle-ment to a benefit described in subparagraph (A) or (B) or status as a qualified railroad re-tirement beneficiary is terminated pursuant to subparagraph (C), such individual shall be deemed to be entitled to such benefits or to occupy such status (notwithstanding the ter-mination of such entitlement or status) for the period of consecutive months throughout all of which the physical or mental impair-ment, on which such entitlement or status was based, continues, and throughout all of which such individual would have been enti-tled to monthly insurance benefits under title II or as a qualified railroad retirement beneficiary had such termination of entitle-ment or status not occurred, but not in ex-cess of 93 such months. 
‘‘(3) I
MPAIRMENT -RELATED WORK EX -
PENSES .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-
graph (2)(A) and except as provided in sub-paragraph (C), the amount of an individual’s impairment-related work expenses for a month is deemed to be the minimum thresh-old amount. 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM THRESHOLD AMOUNT .—In this 
paragraph, the term ‘minimum threshold amount’ means an amount, to be determined by the Commissioner, which shall not exceed the amount sufficient to demonstrate that an individual has rendered services in a month, as determined by the Commissioner under section 222(c)(4)(A). The Commissioner may test multiple minimum threshold amounts. 
‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR ITEMIZED IMPAIRMENT - 
RELATED WORK EXPENSES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), in any case in which the amount of such an individual’s itemized im-pairment-related work expenses (as defined in clause (ii)) for a month is greater than the minimum threshold amount, the amount of the individual’s impairment-related work ex-penses for the month shall be equal to the amount of the individual’s itemized impair-ment-related work expenses (as so defined) for the month. 
‘‘(ii) D
EFINITION .—In this subparagraph, 
the term ‘itemized impairment-related work expenses’ means the amount excluded under section 223(d)(4)(A) from an individual’s earnings for a month in determining whether an individual is able to engage in substantial gainful activity by reason of such earnings in such month, except that such amount does not include the cost to the individual of any item or service for which the individual does not provide to the Commissioner a sat-isfactory itemized accounting. 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding the 
other provisions of this paragraph, for pur-poses of paragraph (2)(A), the amount of an individual’s impairment-related work ex-penses for a month shall not exceed the amount of earnings derived from services, prescribed by the Commissioner under regu-lations issued pursuant to section 223(d)(4)(A), sufficient to demonstrate an in-dividual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful activity.’’. 
SEC. 824. USE OF ELECTRONIC PAYROLL DATA TO 
IMPROVE PROGRAM ADMINISTRA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XI of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1301, et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1183 the following: ‘‘ 
‘‘
INFORMATION EXCHANGE WITH PAYROLL DATA  
PROVIDERS  
‘‘SEC. 1184. (a) I NGENERAL .—The Commis-
sioner of Social Security may enter into an information exchange with a payroll data provider for purposes of— 
‘‘(1) efficiently administering— ‘‘(A) monthly insurance benefits under sub-
sections (d)(1)(B)(ii), (d)(6)(A)(ii), (d)(6)(B), (e)(1)(B)(ii), and (f)(1)(B)(ii) of section 202 and subsection (a)(1) of section 223; and 
‘‘(B) supplemental security income bene-
fits under title XVI; and 
‘‘(2) preventing improper payments of such 
benefits without the need for verification by independent or collateral sources. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—Before 
entering into an information exchange pur-suant to subsection (a), the Commissioner shall publish in the Federal Register a notice describing the information exchange and the extent to which the information received through such exchange is— 
‘‘(1) relevant and necessary to— ‘‘(A) accurately determine entitlement to, 
and the amount of, benefits described under subparagraph (A) of subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(B) accurately determine eligibility for, 
and the amount of, benefits described in sub-paragraph (B) of such subsection; and 
‘‘(C) prevent improper payment of such 
benefits; and 
‘‘(2) sufficiently accurate, up-to-date, and 
complete. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
‘‘(1) P AYROLL DATA PROVIDER .—The term 
‘payroll data provider’ means payroll pro-viders, wage verification companies, and other commercial or non-commercial enti-ties that collect and maintain data regarding employment and wages, without regard to whether the entity provides such data for a fee or without cost. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION EXCHANGE .—The term ‘in-
formation exchange’ means the automated comparison of a system of records main-tained by the commissioner of Social Secu-rity with records maintained by a payroll data provider.’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION TO ACCESS INFORMATION  
HELD BY PAYROLL DATAPROVIDERS .— 
(1) A MENDMENT TO TITLE II .—Section 225 of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 425) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION HELD BY PAY-
ROLL DATA PROVIDERS .—(1) The Commis-
sioner of Social Security may require each individual who applies for or is entitled to monthly insurance benefits under sub-sections (d)(1)(B)(ii), (d)(6)(A)(ii), (d)(6)(B), (e)(1)(B)(ii), and (f)(1)(B)(ii) of section 202 and subsection (a)(1) of section 223 to provide au-thorization by the individual for the Com-missioner to obtain from any payroll data provider (as defined in section 1184(c)(1)) any record held by the payroll data provider with respect to the individual whenever the Com-missioner determines the record is needed in connection with a determination of initial or ongoing entitlement to such benefits. 
‘‘(2) An authorization provided by an indi-
vidual under this subsection shall remain ef-fective until the earliest of— 
‘‘(A) the rendering of a final adverse deci-
sion on the individual’s application or enti-tlement to benefits under this title; 
‘‘(B) the termination of the individual’s en-
titlement to benefits under this title; or 
‘‘(C) the express revocation by the indi-
vidual of the authorization, in a written no-tification to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) The Commissioner of Social Security 
is not required to furnish any authorization obtained pursuant to this subsection to the payroll data provider. 
‘‘(4) The Commissioner shall inform any 
person who provides authorization pursuant to this clause of the duration and scope of the authorization. 
‘‘(5) If an individual who applies for or is 
entitled to benefits under this title refuses to provide, or revokes, any authorization under this subsection, subsection (d) shall not apply to such individual beginning with the first day of the first month in which he or she refuses or revokes such authoriza-tion.’’. 
(2) T
ITLE XVI .—Section 1631(e)(1)(B) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(e)(1)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iii)(I) The Commissioner of Social Secu-
rity may require each applicant for, or re-cipient of, benefits under this title to pro-vide authorization by the applicant, recipi-ent or legal guardian (or by any other person whose income or resources are material to the determination of the eligibility of the applicant or recipient for such benefits) for the Commissioner to obtain from any payroll data provider (as defined in section 1184(c)(1)) any record held by the payroll data provider with respect to the applicant or recipient (or any such other person) whenever the Com-missioner determines the record is needed in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7294 October 28, 2015 
connection with a determination of initial or 
ongoing eligibility or the amount of such benefits. 
‘‘(II) An authorization provided by an ap-
plicant, recipient or legal guardian (or any other person whose income or resources are material to the determination of the eligi-bility of the applicant or recipient) under this clause shall remain effective until the earliest of— 
‘‘(aa) the rendering of a final adverse deci-
sion on the applicant’s application for eligi-bility for benefits under this title; 
‘‘(bb) the cessation of the recipient’s eligi-
bility for benefits under this title; 
‘‘(cc) the express revocation by the appli-
cant, or recipient (or such other person re-ferred to in subclause (I)) of the authoriza-tion, in a written notification to the Com-missioner; or 
‘‘(dd) the termination of the basis upon 
which the Commissioner considers another person’s income and resources available to the applicant or recipient. 
‘‘(III) The Commissioner of Social Security 
is not required to furnish any authorization obtained pursuant to this clause to the pay-roll data provider. 
‘‘(IV) The Commissioner shall inform any 
person who provides authorization pursuant to this clause of the duration and scope of the authorization. 
‘‘(V) If an applicant for, or recipient of, 
benefits under this title (or any such other person referred to in subclause (I)) refuses to provide, or revokes, any authorization re-quired by subclause (I), paragraph (2)(B) and paragraph (10) shall not apply to such appli-cant or recipient beginning with the first day of the first month in which he or she re-fuses or revokes such authorization.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTING RESPONSIBILITIES FOR BENE-
FICIARIES SUBJECT TO INFORMATION EXCHANGE  
WITHPAYROLL DATAPROVIDER .— 
(1) A MENDMENT TO TITLE II .—Section 225 of 
the Social Security (42 U.S.C. 425), as amend-ed by subsection (b)(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) An individual who has authorized the 
Commissioner of Social Security to obtain records from a payroll data provider under subsection (c) shall not be subject to a pen-alty under section 1129A for any omission or error with respect to such individual’s wages as reported by the payroll data provider.’’. 
(2) A
MENDMENT TO TITLE XVI .—Section 
1631(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(e)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘In the case of the failure’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(A) In the case of the failure’’; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
Commissioner of Social Security shall find that good cause exists for the failure of, or delay by, an individual in submitting a re-port of an event or change in circumstances relevant to eligibility for or amount of bene-fits under this title in any case where— 
‘‘(i) the individual (or another person re-
ferred to in paragraph (1)(B)(iii)(I)) has pro-vided authorization to the Commissioner to access payroll data records related to the in-dividual; and 
‘‘(ii) the event or change in circumstance 
is a change in the individual’s employer.’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(10) An individual who has authorized the 
Commissioner of Social Security to obtain records from a payroll data provider under paragraph (1)(B)(iii) (or on whose behalf an-other person described in subclause (I) of such paragraph has provided such authoriza-tion) shall not be subject to a penalty under section 1129A for any omission or error with 
respect to such individual’s wages as re-ported by the payroll data provider.’’. 
(d) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Social Security shall prescribe by regulation procedures for imple-menting the Commissioner’s access to and use of information held by payroll providers, including— 
(1) guidelines for establishing and main-
taining information exchanges with payroll providers, pursuant to section 1184 of the So-cial Security Act; 
(2) beneficiary authorizations; (3) reduced wage reporting responsibilities 
for individuals who authorize the Commis-sioner to access information held by payroll data providers through an information ex-change; and 
(4) procedures for notifying individuals in 
writing when they become subject to such reduced wage reporting requirements and when such reduced wage reporting require-ments no longer apply to them. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 825. TREATMENT OF EARNINGS DERIVED 
FROM SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(4) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 423(d)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C)(i) Subject to clause (ii), in deter-
mining when earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual’s ability to en-gage in substantial gainful activity, such earnings shall be presumed to have been earned— 
‘‘(I) in making a determination of initial 
entitlement on the basis of disability, in the month in which the services were performed from which such earnings were derived; and 
‘‘(II) in any other case, in the month in 
which such earnings were paid. 
‘‘(ii) A presumption made under clause (i) 
shall not apply to a determination described in such clause if— 
‘‘(I) the Commissioner can reasonably es-
tablish, based on evidence readily available at the time of such determination, that the earnings were earned in a different month than when paid; or 
‘‘(II) in any case in which there is a deter-
mination that no benefit is payable due to earnings, after the individual is notified of the presumption made and provided with an opportunity to submit additional informa-tion along with an explanation of what addi-tional information is needed, the individual shows to the satisfaction of the Commis-sioner that such earnings were earned in an-other month.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect upon the date of the enactment of this Act, or as soon as practicable thereafter. 
SEC. 826. ELECTRONIC REPORTING OF EARN-
INGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 
30, 2017, the Commissioner of Social Security shall establish and implement a system that— 
(1) allows an individual entitled to a 
monthly insurance benefit based on dis-ability under title II of the Social Security Act (or a representative of the individual) to report to the Commissioner the individual’s earnings derived from services through elec-tronic means, including by telephone and Internet; and 
(2) automatically issues a receipt to the in-
dividual (or representative) after receiving each such report. 
(b) S
UPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME RE-
PORTING SYSTEM AS MODEL .—The Commis-sioner shall model the system established 
under subsection (a) on the electronic wage reporting systems for recipients of supple-mental security income under title XVI of such Act. 
Subtitle C—Protecting Social Security 
Benefits 
SEC. 831. CLOSURE OF UNINTENDED LOOP-
HOLES. 
(a) P RESUMED FILING OF APPLICATION BY IN-
DIVIDUALS ELIGIBLE FOR OLD-AGE INSURANCE  
BENEFITS AND FOR WIFE’SO R HUSBAND ’SIN-
SURANCE BENEFITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 202(r) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402(r)) is amend-ed by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(1) If an individual is eligible for a wife’s 
or husband’s insurance benefit (except in the case of eligibility pursuant to clause (ii) of subsection (b)(1)(B) or subsection (c)(1)(B), as appropriate), in any month for which the in-dividual is entitled to an old-age insurance benefit, such individual shall be deemed to have filed an application for wife’s or hus-band’s insurance benefits for such month. 
‘‘(2) If an individual is eligible (but for sec-
tion 202(k)(4)) for an old-age insurance ben-efit in any month for which the individual is entitled to a wife’s or husband’s insurance benefit (except in the case of entitlement pursuant to clause (ii) of subsection (b)(1)(B) or subsection (c)(1)(B), as appropriate), such individual shall be deemed to have filed an application for old-age insurance benefits— 
‘‘(A) for such month, or ‘‘(B) if such individual is also entitled to a 
disability insurance benefit for such month, in the first subsequent month for which such individual is not entitled to a disability in-surance benefit.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 202 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking sub-
paragraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B)(i) has attained age 62, or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a wife, has in her care 
(individually or jointly with such individual) at the time of filing such application a child entitled to a child’s insurance benefit on the basis of the wages and self-employment in-come of such individual,’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking sub-
paragraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B)(i) has attained age 62, or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a husband, has in his 
care (individually or jointly with such indi-vidual) at the time of filing such application a child entitled to a child’s insurance benefit on the basis of the wages and self-employ-ment income of such individual,’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to individuals who attain age 62 in any calendar year after 2015. 
(b) V
OLUNTARY SUSPENSION OF BENEFITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 202 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(z) V
OLUNTARY SUSPENSION .—(1)(A) Except 
as otherwise provided in this subsection, any individual who has attained retirement age (as defined in section 216(l)) and is entitled to old-age insurance benefits may request that payment of such benefits be suspended— 
‘‘(i) beginning with the month following 
the month in which such request is received by the Commissioner, and 
‘‘(ii) ending with the earlier of the month 
following the month in which a request by the individual for a resumption of such bene-fits is so received or the month following the month in which the individual attains the age of 70. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7295 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(2) An individual may not suspend such 
benefits under this subsection, and any sus-pension of such benefits under this sub-section shall end, effective with respect to any month in which the individual becomes subject to— 
‘‘(A) mandatory suspension of such bene-
fits under section 202(x); 
‘‘(B) termination of such benefits under 
section 202(n); 
‘‘(C) a penalty under section 1129A impos-
ing nonpayment of such benefits; or 
‘‘(D) any other withholding, in whole or in 
part, of such benefits under any other provi-sion of law that authorizes recovery of a debt by withholding such benefits. 
‘‘(3) In the case of an individual who re-
quests that such benefits be suspended under this subsection, for any month during the pe-riod in which the suspension is in effect— 
‘‘(A) no retroactive benefits (as defined in 
subsection (j)(4)(B)(iii)) shall be payable to such individual; 
‘‘(B) no monthly benefit shall be payable to 
any other individual on the basis of such in-dividual’s wages and self-employment in-come; and 
‘‘(C) no monthly benefit shall be payable to 
such individual on the basis of another indi-vidual’s wages and self-employment in-come.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
202(w)(2)(B)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 402(w)(2)(B)(ii)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘under section 202(z)’’ after ‘‘request’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply with re-spect to requests for benefit suspension sub-mitted beginning at least 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 832. REQUIREMENT FOR MEDICAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 221(h) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 421(h)) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(h) An initial determination under sub-
section (a), (c), (g), or (i) shall not be made until the Commissioner of Social Security has made every reasonable effort to ensure— 
‘‘(1) in any case where there is evidence 
which indicates the existence of a mental impairment, that a qualified psychiatrist or psychologist has completed the medical por-tion of the case review and any applicable re-sidual functional capacity assessment; and 
‘‘(2) in any case where there is evidence 
which indicates the existence of a physical impairment, that a qualified physician has completed the medical portion of the case re-view and any applicable residual functional capacity assessment.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to determinations of disability made on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 833. REALLOCATION OF PAYROLL TAX REV-
ENUE. 
(1) W AGES .—Section 201(b)(1) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘and (R) 1.80 per centum of the wages (as so defined) paid after December 31, 1999, and so reported’’ and inserting ‘‘(R) 1.80 per centum of the wages (as so defined) paid after December 31, 1999, and before January 1, 2016, and so reported, (S) 2.37 per centum of the wages (as so defined) paid after Decem-ber 31, 2015, and before January 1, 2019, and so reported, and (T) 1.80 per centum of the wages (as so defined) paid after December 31, 2018, and so reported,’’. 
(2) S
ELF-EMPLOYMENT INCOME .—Section 
201(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 401(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘and (R) 1.80 per cen-tum of the amount of self-employment in-come (as so defined) so reported for any tax-able year beginning after December 31, 1999’’ and inserting ‘‘(R) 1.80 per centum of the amount of self-employment income (as so de-
fined) so reported for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 1999, and before Jan-uary 1, 2016, (S) 2.37 per centum of the amount of self-employment income (as so de-fined) so reported for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2015, and before Jan-uary 1, 2019, and (T) 1.80 per centum of the amount of self-employment income (as so de-fined) so reported for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2018’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to wages paid after December 31, 2015, and self-employment income for taxable years beginning after such date. 
SEC. 834. ACCESS TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
FOR WAIVERS AND ADJUSTMENTS OF RECOVERY. 
(a) A CCESS TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR  
OLD-AGE, SURVIVORS , AND DISABILITY INSUR -
ANCE WAIVERS .—Section 204(b) of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 404(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b)(1) In any case in which more than the 
correct amount of payment has been made, 
there shall be no adjustment of payments to, or recovery by the United States from, any person who is without fault if such adjust-ment or recovery would defeat the purpose of this title or would be against equity and good conscience. 
‘‘(2) In making for purposes of this sub-
section any determination of whether any individual is without fault, the Commis-sioner of Social Security shall specifically take into account any physical, mental, edu-cational, or linguistic limitation such indi-vidual may have (including any lack of facil-ity with the English language). 
‘‘(3)(A) In making for purposes of this sub-
section any determination of whether such adjustment or recovery would defeat the pur-pose of this title, the Commissioner of Social Security shall require an individual to pro-vide authorization for the Commissioner to obtain (subject to the cost reimbursement requirements of section 1115(a) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act) from any financial institution (within the meaning of section 1101(1) of such Act) any financial record (within the meaning of section 1101(2) of such Act) held by the institution with respect to such individual whenever the Commissioner determines the record is needed in connec-tion with a determination with respect to such adjustment or recovery. 
‘‘(B) Notwithstanding section 1104(a)(1) of 
the Right to Financial Privacy Act, an au-thorization provided by an individual pursu-ant this paragraph shall remain effective until the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) the rendering of a final decision on 
whether adjustment or recovery would de-feat the purpose of this title; or 
‘‘(ii) the express revocation by the indi-
vidual of the authorization, in a written no-tification to the Commissioner. 
‘‘(C)(i) An authorization obtained by the 
Commissioner of Social Security pursuant this paragraph shall be considered to meet the requirements of the Right to Financial Privacy Act for purposes of section 1103(a) of such Act, and need not be furnished to the fi-nancial institution, notwithstanding section 1104(a) of such Act. 
‘‘(ii) The certification requirements of sec-
tion 1103(b) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act shall not apply to requests by the Com-missioner of Social Security pursuant to an authorization provided under this paragraph. 
‘‘(iii) A request by the Commissioner pur-
suant to an authorization provided under this paragraph is deemed to meet the re-quirements of section 1104(a)(3) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act and the flush lan-guage of section 1102 of such Act. 
‘‘(D) The Commissioner shall inform any 
person who provides authorization pursuant to this paragraph of the duration and scope 
of the authorization. 
‘‘(E) If an individual refuses to provide, or 
revokes, any authorization for the Commis-sioner of Social Security to obtain from any financial institution any financial record, the Commissioner may, on that basis, deter-mine that adjustment or recovery would not defeat the purpose of this title.’’. 
(b) A
CCESS TO FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR  
SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME WAIVERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1631(b)(1)(B) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(b)(1)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘In making for purposes of this sub-paragraph a determination of whether an ad-justment or recovery would defeat the pur-pose of this title, the Commissioner of Social Security shall require an individual to pro-vide authorization for the Commissioner to obtain (subject to the cost reimbursement requirements of section 1115(a) of the Right to Financial Privacy Act) from any financial institution (within the meaning of section 1101(1) of such Act) any financial record (within the meaning of section 1101(2) of such Act) held by the institution with respect to such individual whenever the Commissioner determines that the record is needed in con-nection with a determination with respect to such adjustment or recovery, under the terms and conditions established under sub-section (e)(1)(B).’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1631(e)(1)(B)(ii)(V) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1383(e)(1)(B)(ii)(V)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, determine that adjustment or recovery on account of an overpayment with respect to the applicant or recipient would not defeat the purpose of this title, or both’’ before the period at the end. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to determinations made on or after the date that is 3 months after the date of the enact-ment of this section. 
Subtitle D—Relieving Administrative 
Burdens and Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 841. INTERAGENCY COORDINATION TO IM-
PROVE PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XI of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1127 the following: 
‘‘
INTERAGENCY COORDINATION TO IMPROVE  
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘SEC. 1127A. (a) C OORDINATION AGREE -
MENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, including section 207 of this Act, the Commissioner of Social Security (referred to in this section as ‘the Commissioner’) and the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement (referred to in this section as ‘the Director’) shall enter into an agreement under which a system is established to carry out the following procedure: 
‘‘(1) The Director shall notify the Commis-
sioner when any individual is determined to be entitled to a monthly disability annuity payment pursuant to subchapter V of chap-ter 84 of subpart G of part III of title 5, United States Code, and shall certify that such individual has provided the authoriza-tion described in subsection (f). 
‘‘(2) If the Commissioner determines that 
an individual described in paragraph (1) is also entitled to past-due benefits under sec-tion 223, the Commissioner shall notify the Director of such fact. 
‘‘(3) Not later than 30 days after receiving 
a notification described in paragraph (2) with respect to an individual, the Director shall provide the Commissioner with the total amount of any disability annuity overpay-ments made to such individual, as well as any other information (in such form and manner as the Commissioner shall require) that the Commissioner determines is nec-essary to carry out this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7296 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(4) If the Director provides the Commis-
sioner with the information described in paragraph (3) in a timely manner, the Com-missioner may withhold past-due benefits under section 223 to which such individual is entitled and may pay the amount described in paragraph (3) to the Office of Personnel Management for any disability annuity over-payments made to such individual. 
‘‘(5) The Director shall credit any amount 
received under paragraph (4) with respect to an individual toward any disability annuity overpayment owed by such individual. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) P RIORITY OF OTHER REDUCTIONS .—Ben-
efits shall only be withheld under this sec-tion after any other reduction applicable under this Act, including sections 206(a)(4), 224, and 1127(a). 
‘‘(2) T
IMELY NOTIFICATION REQUIRED .—The 
Commissioner may not withhold benefits under this section if the Director does not provide the notice described in subsection (a)(3) within the time period described in such subsection. 
‘‘(c) D
ELAYED PAYMENT OF PAST-DUEBENE-
FITS.—If the Commissioner is required to 
make a notification described in subsection (a)(2) with respect to an individual, the Com-missioner shall not make any payment of past-due benefits under section 223 to such individual until after the period described in subsection (a)(3). 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—Notwithstanding section 205 
or any other provision of law, any deter-mination regarding the withholding of past- due benefits under this section shall only be subject to adjudication and review by the Di-rector under section 8461 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(e) D
ISABILITY ANNUITY OVERPAYMENT DE-
FINED .—For purposes of this section, the 
term ‘disability annuity overpayment’ means the amount of the reduction under section 8452(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, applicable to a monthly annuity pay-ment made to an individual pursuant to sub-chapter V of chapter 84 of subpart G of part III of such title due to the individual’s con-current entitlement to a disability insurance benefit under section 223 during such month. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION TO WITHHOLD BENE-
FITS.—The authorization described in this 
subsection, with respect to an individual, is written authorization provided by the indi-vidual to the Director which authorizes the Commissioner to withhold past-due benefits under section 223 to which such individual is entitled in order to pay the amount withheld to the Office of Personnel Management for any disability overpayments made to such individual. 
‘‘(g) E
XPENSES .—The Director shall pay to 
the Social Security Administration an amount equal to the amount estimated by the Commissioner as the total cost incurred by the Social Security Administration in carrying out this section for each calendar quarter.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to past-due disability insurance benefits payable on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section. 
SEC. 842. ELIMINATION OF QUINQUENNIAL DE-
TERMINATIONS RELATING TO WAGE CREDITS FOR MILITARY SERVICE PRIOR TO 1957. 
Section 217(g)(2) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 417(g)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘through 2010’’ after ‘‘each 
fifth year thereafter’’; and 
(2) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following: ‘‘The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall revise the amount de-termined under paragraph (1) with respect to the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under title XVIII in 2015 and each fifth year thereafter through such date, and using such 
data, as the Secretary determines appro-priate on the basis of the amount of benefits and administrative expenses actually paid from such Trust Fund under title XVIII and the relevant actuarial assumptions set forth in the report of the Board of Trustees of such Trust Fund for such year under section 1817(b).’’. 
SEC. 843. CERTIFICATION OF BENEFITS PAYABLE 
TO A DIVORCED SPOUSE OF A RAIL-ROAD WORKER TO THE RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD. 
Section 205(i) of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 405(i)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or di-vorced wife or divorced husband’’ after ‘‘the wife or husband’’. 
SEC. 844. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO ELIMI-
NATE OBSOLETE PROVISIONS. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF REFERENCE IN SECTION  
226 TO A REPEALED PROVISION .—Section 226 of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 426) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (i); and (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (i). 
(b) E
LIMINATION OF REFERENCE IN SECTION  
226A TO A REPEALED PROVISION .—Section 
226A of such Act (42 U.S.C. 426-1) is amended by striking the second subsection (c). 
SEC. 845. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO CON-
GRESS. 
(a) R EPORT ON FRAUD AND IMPROPER PAY-
MENT PREVENTION ACTIVITIES .—Section 704(b) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 904(b)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) For each fiscal year beginning with 
2016 and ending with 2021, the Commissioner shall include in the annual budget prepared pursuant to subparagraph (A) a report de-scribing the purposes for which amounts made available for purposes described in sec-tion 251(b)(2)(B) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 for the fiscal year were expended by the Social Security Administration and the purposes for which the Commissioner plans for the Administration to expend such funds in the succeeding fiscal year, including— 
‘‘(A) the total such amount expended; ‘‘(B) the amount expended on co-operative 
disability investigation units; 
‘‘(C) the number of cases of fraud prevented 
by co-operative disability investigation units and the amount expended on such cases (as reported to the Commissioner by the In-spector General of the Social Security Ad-ministration); 
‘‘(D) the number of felony cases prosecuted 
under section 208 (as reported to the Com-missioner by the Inspector General) and the amount expended by the Social Security Ad-ministration in supporting the prosecution of such cases; 
‘‘(E) the amount of such felony cases suc-
cessfully prosecuted (as reported to the Com-missioner by the Inspector General) and the amount expended by the Social Security Ad-ministration in supporting the prosecution of such cases; 
‘‘(F) the amount expended on and the num-
ber of completed— 
‘‘(i) continuing disability reviews con-
ducted by mail; 
‘‘(ii) redeterminations conducted by mail; ‘‘(iii) medical continuing disability reviews 
conducted pursuant to section 221(i); 
‘‘(iv) medical continuing disability reviews 
conducted pursuant to 1614(a)(3)(H); 
‘‘(v) redeterminations conducted pursuant 
to section 1611(c); and 
‘‘(vi) work-related continuing disability re-
views to determine whether earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful ac-tivity; 
‘‘(G) the number of cases of fraud identified 
for which benefits were terminated as a re-sult of medical continuing disability reviews 
(as reported to the Commissioner by the In-spector General), work-related continuing disability reviews, and redeterminations, and the amount of resulting savings for each such type of review or redetermination; and 
‘‘(H) the number of work-related con-
tinuing disability reviews in which a bene-ficiary improperly reported earnings derived from services for more than 3 consecutive months, and the amount of resulting sav-ings.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON WORK-RELATED CONTINUING  
DISABILITY REVIEWS .—The Commissioner of 
Social Security shall annually submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate a report on the number of work-related continuing disability reviews conducted each year to determine whether earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substan-tial gainful activity. Such report shall in-clude— 
(1) the number of individuals receiving 
benefits based on disability under title II of such Act for whom reports of earnings were received from any source by the Commis-sioner in the previous calendar year, re-ported as a total number and separately by the source of the report; 
(2) the number of individuals for whom 
such reports resulted in a determination to conduct a work-related continuing disability review, and the basis on which such deter-minations were made; 
(3) in the case of a beneficiary selected for 
a work-related continuing disability review on the basis of a report of earnings from any source— 
(A) the average number of days— (i) between the receipt of the report and 
the initiation of the review, 
(ii) between the initiation and the comple-
tion of the review, and 
(iii) the average amount of overpayment, if 
any; 
(B) the number of such reviews completed 
during such calendar year, and the number of such reviews that resulted in a suspension or termination of benefits; 
(C) the number of such reviews initiated in 
the current year that had not been com-pleted as of the end of such calendar year; 
(D) the number of such reviews initiated in 
a prior year that had not been completed as of the end of such calendar year; 
(4) the total savings to the Trust Funds 
and the Treasury generated from benefits suspended or terminated as a result of such reviews; and 
(5) with respect to individuals for whom a 
work-related continuing disability review was completed during such calendar year— 
(A) the number who participated in the 
Ticket to Work program under section 1148 during such calendar year; 
(B) the number who used any program 
work incentives during such calendar year; and 
(C) the number who received vocational re-
habilitation services during such calendar year with respect to which the Commissioner of Social Security reimbursed a State agen-cy under section 222(d). 
(c) R
EPORT ON OVERPAYMENT WAIVERS .— 
Not later than January 1 of each calendar year, the Commissioner of Social Security shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on— 
(1) the number and total value of overpay-
ments recovered or scheduled to be recovered by the Social Security Administration dur-ing the previous fiscal year of benefits under title II and title XVI, respectively, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7297 October 28, 2015 
the terms and conditions of repayment of 
such overpayments; and 
(2) the number and total value of overpay-
ments waived by the Social Security Admin-istration during the previous fiscal year of benefits under title II and title XVI, respec-tively. 
SEC. 846. EXPEDITED EXAMINATION OF ADMINIS-
TRATIVE LAW JUDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Office of Per-sonnel Management shall, upon request of 
the Commissioner of Social Security, expedi-tiously administer a sufficient number of competitive examinations, as determined by the Commissioner, for the purpose of identi-fying an adequate number of candidates to be appointed as Administrative Law Judges under section 3105 of title 5, United States Code. The first such examination shall take place not later than April 1, 2016 and other examinations shall take place at such time or times requested by the Commissioner, but not later than December 31, 2022. Such ex-aminations shall proceed even if one or more individuals who took a prior examination have appealed an adverse determination and one or more of such appeals have not con-cluded, provided that— 
(1) the Commissioner of Social Security 
has made a determination that delaying the examination poses a significant risk that an adequate number of Administrative Law Judges will not be available to meet the need of the Social Security Administration to re-duce or prevent a backlog of cases awaiting a hearing; 
(2) an individual whose appeal is pending is 
provided an option to continue their appeal or elects to take the new examination, in which case the appeal is considered vacated; and 
(3) an individual who decides to continue 
his or her appeal and who ultimately pre-vails in the appeal shall receive expeditious consideration for hire by the Office Per-sonnel Management and the Commissioner of Social Security. 
(b) P
AYMENT OF COSTS.—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Commis-sioner of Social Security shall pay the full cost associated with each examination con-ducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
TITLE IX—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF 
PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT 
SEC. 901. TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC 
DEBT LIMIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3101(b) of title 31, 
United States Code, shall not apply for the period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and ending on March 15, 2017. 
(b) S
PECIAL RULERELATING TO OBLIGATIONS  
ISSUED DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—Effective 
March 16, 2017, the limitation in effect under section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall be increased to the extent that— 
(1) the face amount of obligations issued 
under chapter 31 of such title and the face amount of obligations whose principal and interest are guaranteed by the United States Government (except guaranteed obligations held by the Secretary of the Treasury) out-standing on March 16, 2017, exceeds 
(2) the face amount of such obligations 
outstanding on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 902. RESTORING CONGRESSIONAL AUTHOR-
ITY OVER THE NATIONAL DEBT. 
(a) E XTENSION LIMITED TO NECESSARY OBLI-
GATIONS .—An obligation shall not be taken 
into account under section 901(b)(1) unless the issuance of such obligation was nec-essary to fund a commitment incurred pur-suant to law by the Federal Government that required payment before March 16, 2017. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON CREATION OF CASHRE-
SERVE DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—The Sec-retary of the Treasury shall not issue obliga-
tions during the period specified in section 901(a) for the purpose of increasing the cash balance above normal operating balances in anticipation of the expiration of such period. 
TITLE X—SPECTRUM PIPELINE 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Spectrum 
Pipeline Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘As-
sistant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Communications and Information. 
(2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Communications Com-mission. 
(3) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal 
entity’’ has the meaning given such term in section 113(l) of the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration Or-ganization Act (47 U.S.C. 923(l)). 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Commerce. 
SEC. 1003. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Each range of frequencies described in this 
title shall be construed to be inclusive of the upper and lower frequencies in the range. 
SEC. 1004. IDENTIFICATION, REALLOCATION, AND 
AUCTION OF FEDERAL SPECTRUM. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF SPECTRUM .—Not 
later than January 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the President and to the Commission a report identifying 30 mega-hertz of electromagnetic spectrum (in bands of not less than 10 megahertz of contiguous frequencies) below the frequency of 3 gigahertz (except for the spectrum between the frequencies of 1675 megahertz and 1695 megahertz) for reallocation from Federal use to non-Federal use or shared Federal and non-Federal use, or a combination thereof. 
(b) C
LEARING OF SPECTRUM .—The President 
shall— 
(1) not later than January 1, 2022, begin the 
process of withdrawing or modifying the as-signment to a Federal Government station of the electromagnetic spectrum identified under subsection (a); and 
(2) not later than 30 days after completing 
the withdrawal or modification, notify the Commission that the withdrawal or modi-fication is complete. 
(c) R
EALLOCATION AND AUCTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall— 
(A) reallocate the electromagnetic spec-
trum identified under subsection (a) for non- Federal use or shared Federal and non-Fed-eral use, or a combination thereof; and 
(B) notwithstanding paragraph (15)(A) of 
section 309(j) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)), not later than July 1, 2024, begin a system of competitive bidding under such section to grant new initial li-censes for the use of such spectrum, subject to flexible-use service rules. 
(2) P
ROCEEDS TO COVER 110 PERCENT OF FED -
ERAL RELOCATION OR SHARING COSTS .—Noth-
ing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to re-lieve the Commission from the requirements of section 309(j)(16)(B) of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(16)(B)). 
SEC. 1005. ADDITIONAL USES OF SPECTRUM RE-
LOCATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 118 of the Na-
tional Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 928) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (i); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL PAYMENTS FOR RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT AND PLANNING ACTIVI -
TIES.— ‘‘(1) A MOUNTS AVAILABLE .—Notwith-
standing subsections (c) through (e)— 
‘‘(A) there are appropriated from the Fund 
on the date of the enactment of the Spec-trum Pipeline Act of 2015, and available to the Director of OMB for use in accordance with paragraph (2), not more than $500,000,000 from amounts in the Fund on such date of enactment; and 
‘‘(B) there are appropriated from the Fund 
after such date of enactment, and available to the Director of OMB for use in accordance with such paragraph, not more than 10 per-cent of the amounts deposited in the Fund after such date of enactment. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Director of OMB 
may use amounts made available under para-graph (1) to make payments requested by Federal entities for research and develop-ment, engineering studies, economic anal-yses, activities with respect to systems, or other planning activities intended to im-prove the efficiency and effectiveness of the spectrum use of Federal entities in order to make available frequencies described in sub-paragraph (C) for reallocation for non-Fed-eral use or shared Federal and non-Federal use, or a combination thereof, and for auc-tion in accordance with such reallocation. 
‘‘(B) S
YSTEMS THAT IMPROVE EFFICIENCY  
AND EFFECTIVENESS OF FEDERAL SPECTRUM  
USE.—For purposes of a payment under sub-
paragraph (A) for activities with respect to systems that improve the efficiency and ef-fectiveness of the spectrum use of Federal entities, such systems include the following: 
‘‘(i) Systems that have increased 
functionality or that increase the ability of a Federal entity to accommodate spectrum sharing with non-Federal entities. 
‘‘(ii) Systems that consolidate functions or 
services that have been provided using sepa-rate systems. 
‘‘(iii) Non-spectrum technology or systems. ‘‘(C) F
REQUENCIES DESCRIBED .—The fre-
quencies described in this subparagraph are, with respect to a payment under subpara-graph (A), frequencies that— 
‘‘(i) are assigned to a Federal entity; and ‘‘(ii) at the time of the activities con-
ducted with such payment, are not identified for auction. 
‘‘(D) C
ONDITIONS .—The Director of OMB 
may not make a payment to a Federal entity under subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) unless— ‘‘(I) the Federal entity has submitted to 
the Technical Panel established under sec-tion 113(h)(3) a plan describing the activities that the Federal entity will conduct with 
such payment; 
‘‘(II) the Technical Panel has approved 
such plan under subparagraph (E); and 
‘‘(III) the Director of OMB has submitted 
the plan approved under subparagraph (E) to the congressional committees described in subsection (d)(2)(C); and 
‘‘(ii) until 60 days have elapsed after sub-
mission of the plan under clause (i)(III). 
‘‘(E) R
EVIEW BY TECHNICAL PANEL .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after a Federal entity submits a plan under subparagraph (D)(i)(I) to the Technical Panel established under section 113(h)(3), the Tech-nical Panel shall approve or disapprove such plan. 
‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA FOR REVIEW .—In considering 
whether to approve or disapprove a plan under this subparagraph, the Technical Panel shall consider whether— 
‘‘(I) the activities that the Federal entity 
will conduct with the payment will— 
‘‘(aa) increase the probability of relocation 
from or sharing of Federal spectrum; 
‘‘(bb) facilitate an auction intended to 
occur not later than 8 years after the pay-ment; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7298 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(cc) increase the net expected auction 
proceeds in an amount not less than the time value of the amount of the payment; and 
‘‘(II) the transfer will leave sufficient 
amounts in the Fund for the other purposes of the Fund. 
‘‘(h) P
RIORITIZATION OF PAYMENTS .—In de-
termining whether to make payments under subsections (f) and (g), the Director of OMB shall, to the extent practicable, prioritize payments under subsection (g).’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT FOR TECH-
NICAL PANEL .—Section 113(h)(3)(C) of the Na-
tional Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 923(h)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘this subsection and subsection (i)’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection, subsection (i), and section 118(g)(2)(E)’’. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE FEDERAL ENTITIES .—Section 
113 of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act (47 U.S.C. 923) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘authorized to use a band of 
eligible frequencies described in paragraph (2) and’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘eligible’’ after ‘‘auction 
of’’; 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘eligible’’ after ‘‘realloca-
tion of’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘pre-
viously assigned to such entity or the shar-ing of spectrum frequencies assigned to such entity’’ and inserting ‘‘or the sharing of spectrum frequencies’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h)(1), by striking ‘‘au-
thorized to use any such frequency’’. 
SEC. 1006. PLANS FOR AUCTION OF CERTAIN 
SPECTRUM. 
(a) R EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—In accordance 
with each paragraph of subsection (c), the Commission, in coordination with the Assist-ant Secretary, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report containing a proposed plan for the assignment of new licenses for non-Federal use of the spectrum identified under such paragraph, including— 
(1) an assessment of the operations of Fed-
eral entities that operate Federal Govern-ment stations authorized to use such spec-trum; 
(2) an estimated timeline for the competi-
tive bidding process; and 
(3) a proposed plan for balance between un-
licensed and licensed use. 
(b) I
NFORMATION FOR ASSESSMENT OF FED-
ERAL ENTITY OPERATIONS .—The Assistant 
Secretary, in coordination with the affected Federal entities, shall provide to the Com-mission the necessary information to carry out subsection (a)(1). 
(c) R
EPORT DEADLINES ; IDENTIFICATION OF  
SPECTRUM .—The Commission shall submit 
reports under subsection (a) as follows: 
(1) Not later than January 1, 2022, for at 
least 50 megahertz of spectrum (in bands of not less than 10 megahertz of contiguous fre-quencies) below 6 gigahertz, to be identified by the Commission, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary, from spectrum other than the spectrum identified under section 1004(a). 
(2) Not later than January 1, 2024, for at 
least 50 megahertz of spectrum (in bands of not less than 10 megahertz of contiguous fre-quencies) below 6 gigahertz, to be identified by the Commission, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary, from spectrum other than the spectrum identified under para-graph (1) or section 1004(a). 
SEC. 1007. FCC AUCTION AUTHORITY. 
Section 309(j)(11) of the Communications 
Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 309(j)(11)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the fol-
lowing: ‘‘, except that, with respect to the electromagnetic spectrum identified under section 1004(a) of the Spectrum Pipeline Act of 2015, such authority shall expire on Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1008. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to Congress— 
(1) a report containing an analysis of the 
results of the rules changes relating to the frequencies between 3550 megahertz and 3650 megahertz; and 
(2) a report containing an analysis of pro-
posals to promote and identify additional spectrum bands that can be shared between incumbent uses and new licensed, and unli-censed services under such rules and identi-fication of at least 1 gigahertz between 6 gigahertz and 57 GHz for such use. 
TITLE XI—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
RELATED TO TAX COMPLIANCE 
SEC. 1101. PARTNERSHIP AUDITS AND ADJUST-
MENTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF TEFRA P ARTNERSHIP AUDIT 
RULES .—Chapter 63 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking sub-chapter C (and by striking the item relating to such subchapter in the table of sub-chapters for such chapter). 
(b) R
EPEAL OF ELECTING LARGE PARTNER -
SHIP RULES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter K of chapter 1 
of such Code is amended by striking part IV (and by striking the item relating to such part in the table of parts for such sub-chapter). 
(2) A
SSESSMENT RULES RELATING TO ELECT -
ING LARGE PARTNERSHIPS .—Chapter 63 of such 
Code is amended by striking subchapter D (and by striking the item relating to such subchapter in the table of subchapters for such chapter). 
(c) P
ARTNERSHIP AUDIT REFORM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 63 of such Code, 
as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is amended by inserting after subchapter B the following new subchapter: 
‘‘Subchapter C—Treatment of Partnerships 
‘‘P
ARTI—INGENERAL  
‘‘PARTII—P ARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENTS  
‘‘PARTIII—P ROCEDURE  
‘‘PARTIV—D EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES  
‘‘PART I—IN GENERAL 
‘‘Sec. 6221. Determination at partnership 
level. 
‘‘Sec. 6222. Partner’s return must be con-
sistent with partnership return. 
‘‘Sec. 6223. Designation of partnership rep-
resentative. 
‘‘SEC. 6221. DETERMINATION AT PARTNERSHIP 
LEVEL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Any adjustment to 
items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership for a partnership tax-able year (and any partner’s distributive share thereof) shall be determined, any tax attributable thereto shall be assessed and collected, and the applicability of any pen-alty, addition to tax, or additional amount which relates to an adjustment to any such item or share shall be determined, at the partnership level pursuant to this sub-chapter. 
‘‘(b) E
LECTION OUT FOR CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS WITH100 ORFEWER PARTNERS , ETC.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This subchapter shall 
not apply with respect to any partnership for any taxable year if— 
‘‘(A) the partnership elects the application 
of this subsection for such taxable year, 
‘‘(B) for such taxable year the partnership 
is required to furnish 100 or fewer statements under section 6031(b) with respect to its part-ners, ‘‘(C) each of the partners of such partner-
ship is an individual, a C corporation, any foreign entity that would be treated as a C corporation were it domestic, an S corpora-tion, or an estate of a deceased partner, 
‘‘(D) the election— ‘‘(i) is made with a timely filed return for 
such taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) includes (in the manner prescribed by 
the Secretary) a disclosure of the name and taxpayer identification number of each part-ner of such partnership, and 
‘‘(E) the partnership notifies each such 
partner of such election in the manner pre-scribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO CERTAIN  
PARTNERS .— 
‘‘(A) S CORPORATION PARTNERS .—In the case 
of a partner that is an S corporation— 
‘‘(i) the partnership shall only be treated 
as meeting the requirements of paragraph (1)(C) with respect to such partner if such partnership includes (in the manner pre-scribed by the Secretary) a disclosure of the name and taxpayer identification number of each person with respect to whom such S corporation is required to furnish a state-ment under section 6037(b) for the taxable year of the S corporation ending with or within the partnership taxable year for which the application of this subsection is elected, and 
‘‘(ii) the statements such S corporation is 
required to so furnish shall be treated as statements furnished by the partnership for purposes of paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(B) F
OREIGN PARTNERS .—For purposes of 
paragraph (1)(D)(ii), the Secretary may pro-vide for alternative identification of any for-eign partners. 
‘‘(C) O
THER PARTNERS .—The Secretary may 
by regulation or other guidance prescribe rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (A) with respect to any partners not described in such subparagraph or paragraph (1)(C). 
‘‘SEC. 6222. PARTNER’S RETURN MUST BE CON-
SISTENT WITH PARTNERSHIP RE-TURN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A partner shall, on the 
partner’s return, treat each item of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit attributable to a partnership in a manner which is con-sistent with the treatment of such income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit on the part-nership return. 
‘‘(b) U
NDERPAYMENT DUE TO INCONSISTENT  
TREATMENT ASSESSED AS MATHERROR .—Any 
underpayment of tax by a partner by reason of failing to comply with the requirements of subsection (a) shall be assessed and collected in the same manner as if such underpayment 
were on account of a mathematical or cler-ical error appearing on the partner’s return. Paragraph (2) of section 6213(b) shall not apply to any assessment of an underpayment referred to in the preceding sentence. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR NOTIFICATION OF INCON -
SISTENT TREATMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any item 
referred to in subsection (a), if— 
‘‘(A)(i) the partnership has filed a return 
but the partner’s treatment on the partner’s return is (or may be) inconsistent with the treatment of the item on the partnership re-turn, or 
‘‘(ii) the partnership has not filed a return, 
and 
‘‘(B) the partner files with the Secretary a 
statement identifying the inconsistency, subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply to such item. 
‘‘(2) P
ARTNER RECEIVING INCORRECT INFOR -
MATION .—A partner shall be treated as hav-
ing complied with subparagraph (B) of para-graph (1) with respect to an item if the part-ner— 
‘‘(A) demonstrates to the satisfaction of 
the Secretary that the treatment of the item 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7299 October 28, 2015 
on the partner’s return is consistent with the 
treatment of the item on the statement fur-nished to the partner by the partnership, and 
‘‘(B) elects to have this paragraph apply 
with respect to that item. 
‘‘(d) F
INAL DECISION ON CERTAIN POSITIONS  
NOTBINDING ON PARTNERSHIP .—Any final de-
cision with respect to an inconsistent posi-tion identified under subsection (c) in a pro-ceeding to which the partnership is not a party shall not be binding on the partner-ship. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITION TO TAX FOR FAILURE TO COM-
PLY WITHSECTION .—For addition to tax in 
the case of a partner’s disregard of the re-quirements of this section, see part II of sub-chapter A of chapter 68. 
‘‘SEC. 6223. PARTNERS BOUND BY ACTIONS OF 
PARTNERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION OF PARTNERSHIP REP-
RESENTATIVE .—Each partnership shall des-
ignate (in the manner prescribed by the Sec-retary) a partner (or other person) with a substantial presence in the United States as the partnership representative who shall have the sole authority to act on behalf of the partnership under this subchapter. In any case in which such a designation is not in effect, the Secretary may select any per-son as the partnership representative. 
‘‘(b) B
INDING EFFECT .—A partnership and 
all partners of such partnership shall be bound— 
‘‘(1) by actions taken under this sub-
chapter by the partnership, and 
‘‘(2) by any final decision in a proceeding 
brought under this subchapter with respect to the partnership. 
‘‘PART II—PARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENTS 
‘‘Sec. 6225. Partnership adjustment by Sec-
retary. 
‘‘Sec. 6226. Alternative to payment of im-
puted underpayment by part-nership. 
‘‘Sec. 6227. Administrative adjustment re-
quest by partnership. 
‘‘SEC. 6225. PARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENT BY SEC-
RETARY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any ad-
justment by the Secretary in the amount of any item of income, gain, loss, deduction, or 
credit of a partnership, or any partner’s dis-tributive share thereof— 
‘‘(1) the partnership shall pay any imputed 
underpayment with respect to such adjust-ment in the adjustment year as provided in section 6232, and 
‘‘(2) any adjustment that does not result in 
an imputed underpayment shall be taken into account by the partnership in the ad-justment year— 
‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), as a reduction in non-separately stated income or an increase in non-separately stat-ed loss (whichever is appropriate) under sec-tion 702(a)(8), or 
‘‘(B) in the case of an item of credit, as a 
separately stated item. 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF IMPUTED UNDER -
PAYMENTS .—For purposes of this sub-
chapter— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), any imputed underpayment with respect to any partnership adjustment for any reviewed year shall be determined— 
‘‘(A) by netting all adjustments of items of 
income, gain, loss, or deduction and multi-plying such net amount by the highest rate of tax in effect for the reviewed year under section 1 or 11, 
‘‘(B) by treating any net increase or de-
crease in loss under subparagraph (A) as a decrease or increase, respectively, in income, and 
‘‘(C) by taking into account any adjust-
ments to items of credit as an increase or de-crease, as the case may be, in the amount de-termined under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS TO DISTRIBUTIVE SHARES  
OF PARTNERS NOT NETTED .—In the case of any 
adjustment which reallocates the distribu-tive share of any item from one partner to another, such adjustment shall be taken into account under paragraph (1) by dis-regarding— 
‘‘(A) any decrease in any item of income or 
gain, and 
‘‘(B) any increase in any item of deduction, 
loss, or credit. 
‘‘(c) M
ODIFICATION OF IMPUTED UNDERPAY -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish procedures under which the imputed underpayment amount may be modified con-sistent with the requirements of this sub-section. 
‘‘(2) A
MENDED RETURNS OF PARTNERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Such procedures shall 
provide that if— 
‘‘(i) one or more partners file returns (not-
withstanding section 6511) for the taxable year of the partners which includes the end of the reviewed year of the partnership, 
‘‘(ii) such returns take into account all ad-
justments under subsection (a) properly allo-cable to such partners (and for any other taxable year with respect to which any tax attribute is affected by reason of such ad-justments), and 
‘‘(iii) payment of any tax due is included 
with such return, then the imputed underpayment amount shall be determined without regard to the portion of the adjustments so taken into ac-count. 
‘‘(B) R
EALLOCATION OF DISTRIBUTIVE  
SHARE .—In the case of any adjustment which 
reallocates the distributive share of any item from one partner to another, paragraph (2) shall apply only if returns are filed by all partners affected by such adjustment. 
‘‘(3) T
AX-EXEMPT PARTNERS .—Such proce-
dures shall provide for determining the im-puted underpayment without regard to the portion thereof that the partnership dem-onstrates is allocable to a partner that would not owe tax by reason of its status as a tax-exempt entity (as defined in section 168(h)(2)). 
‘‘(4) M
ODIFICATION OF APPLICABLE HIGHEST  
TAX RATES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Such procedures shall 
provide for taking into account a rate of tax lower than the rate of tax described in sub-section (b)(1)(A) with respect to any portion of the imputed underpayment that the part-nership demonstrates is allocable to a part-ner which— 
‘‘(i) in the case of ordinary income, is a C 
corporation, or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a capital gain or quali-
fied dividend, is an individual. In no event shall the lower rate determined under the preceding sentence be less than the highest rate in effect with respect to the income and taxpayer described in clause (i) or clause (ii), as the case may be. For pur-poses of clause (ii), an S corporation shall be treated as an individual. 
‘‘(B) P
ORTION OF IMPUTED UNDERPAYMENT  
TO WHICH LOWER RATE APPLIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the portion of the imputed under-payment to which the lower rate applies with respect to a partner under subpara-graph (A) shall be determined by reference to the partners’ distributive share of items to which the imputed underpayment relates. 
‘‘(ii) R
ULE IN CASE OF VARIED TREATMENT OF  
ITEMS AMONG PARTNERS .—If the imputed un-
derpayment is attributable to the adjust-ment of more than 1 item, and any partner’s distributive share of such items is not the same with respect to all such items, then the portion of the imputed underpayment to which the lower rate applies with respect to a partner under subparagraph (A) shall be de-
termined by reference to the amount which would have been the partner’s distributive share of net gain or loss if the partnership had sold all of its assets at their fair market value as of the close of the reviewed year of the partnership. 
‘‘(5) O
THER PROCEDURES FOR MODIFICATION  
OF IMPUTED UNDERPAYMENT .—The Secretary 
may by regulations or guidance provide for additional procedures to modify imputed un-derpayment amounts on the basis of such other factors as the Secretary determines are necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection. 
‘‘(6) Y
EAR AND DAY FOR SUBMISSION TO SEC -
RETARY .—Anything required to be submitted 
pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the Secretary not later than the close of the 270-day period beginning on the date on which the notice of a proposed partnership adjustment is mailed under section 6231 un-less such period is extended with the consent of the Secretary. 
‘‘(7) D
ECISION OF SECRETARY .—Any modi-
fication of the imputed underpayment amount under this subsection shall be made only upon approval of such modification by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this 
subchapter— 
‘‘(1) R EVIEWED YEAR .—The term ‘reviewed 
year’ means the partnership taxable year to which the item being adjusted relates. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT YEAR .—The term ‘adjust-
ment year’ means the partnership taxable year in which— 
‘‘(A) in the case of an adjustment pursuant 
to the decision of a court in a proceeding brought under section 6234, such decision be-comes final, 
‘‘(B) in the case of an administrative ad-
justment request under section 6227, such ad-ministrative adjustment request is made, or 
‘‘(C) in any other case, notice of the final 
partnership adjustment is mailed under sec-tion 6231. 
‘‘SEC. 6226. ALTERNATIVE TO PAYMENT OF IM-
PUTED UNDERPAYMENT BY PART-NERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the partnership— 
‘‘(1) not later than 45 days after the date of 
the notice of final partnership adjustment, elects the application of this section with re-spect to an imputed underpayment, and 
‘‘(2) at such time and in such manner as 
the Secretary may provide, furnishes to each partner of the partnership for the reviewed year and to the Secretary a statement of the partner’s share of any adjustment to income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit (as deter-mined in the notice of final partnership ad-justment), 
section 6225 shall not apply with respect to 
such underpayment and each such partner shall take such adjustment into account as provided in subsection (b). The election under paragraph (1) shall be made in such manner as the Secretary may provide and, once made, shall be revocable only with the consent of the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) A
DJUSTMENTS TAKEN INTOACCOUNT BY  
PARTNER .— 
‘‘(1) T AX IMPOSED IN YEAR OF STATEMENT .— 
Each partner’s tax imposed by chapter 1 for the taxable year which includes the date the statement was furnished under subsection (a) shall be increased by the aggregate of the ad-justment amounts determined under para-graph (2) for the taxable years referred to therein. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT AMOUNTS .—The adjust-
ment amounts determined under this para-graph are— 
‘‘(A) in the case of the taxable year of the 
partner which includes the end of the re-viewed year, the amount by which the tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7300 October 28, 2015 
imposed under chapter 1 would increase if 
the partner’s share of the adjustments de-scribed in subsection (a) were taken into ac-count for such taxable year, plus 
‘‘(B) in the case of any taxable year after 
the taxable year referred to in subparagraph (A) and before the taxable year referred to in paragraph (1), the amount by which the tax imposed under chapter 1 would increase by reason of the adjustment to tax attributes under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENT OF TAX ATTRIBUTES .—Any 
tax attribute which would have been affected if the adjustments described in subsection (a) were taken into account for the taxable year referred to in paragraph (2)(A) shall— 
‘‘(A) in the case of any taxable year re-
ferred to in paragraph (2)(B), be appro-priately adjusted for purposes of applying such paragraph, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of any subsequent taxable 
year, be appropriately adjusted. 
‘‘(c) P
ENALTIES AND INTEREST .— 
‘‘(1) P ENALTIES .—Notwithstanding sub-
sections (a) and (b), any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amount shall be deter-mined as provided under section 6221 and the partners of the partnership for the reviewed year shall be liable for any such penalty, ad-dition to tax, or additional amount. 
‘‘(2) I
NTEREST .—In the case of an imputed 
underpayment with respect to which the ap-plication of this section is elected, interest shall be determined— 
‘‘(A) at the partner level, ‘‘(B) from the due date of the return for the 
taxable year to which the increase is attrib-utable (determined by taking into account any increases attributable to a change in tax attributes for a taxable year under sub-section (b)(2)), and 
‘‘(C) at the underpayment rate under sec-
tion 6621(a)(2), determined by substituting ‘5 percentage points’ for ‘3 percentage points’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘SEC. 6227. ADMINISTRATIVE ADJUSTMENT RE-
QUEST BY PARTNERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A partnership may file a 
request for an administrative adjustment in the amount of one or more items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of the part-nership for any partnership taxable year. 
‘‘(b) A
DJUSTMENT .—Any such adjustment 
under subsection (a) shall be determined and taken into account for the partnership tax-able year in which the administrative adjust-ment request is made— 
‘‘(1) by the partnership under rules similar 
to the rules of section 6225 (other than para-graphs (2), (6) and (7) of subsection (c) there-of) for the partnership taxable year in which the administrative adjustment request is made, or 
‘‘(2) by the partnership and partners under 
rules similar to the rules of section 6226 (de-termined without regard to the substitution described in subsection (c)(2)(C) thereof). 
In the case of an adjustment that would not 
result in an imputed underpayment, para-graph (1) shall not apply and paragraph (2) shall apply with appropriate adjustments. 
‘‘(c) P
ERIOD OF LIMITATIONS .—A partner-
ship may not file such a request more than 3 years after the later of— 
‘‘(1) the date on which the partnership re-
turn for such year is filed, or 
‘‘(2) the last day for filing the partnership 
return for such year (determined without re-gard to extensions). 
In no event may a partnership file such a re-
quest after a notice of an administrative pro-
ceeding with respect to the taxable year is mailed under section 6231. 
‘‘PART 1—PROCEDURE 
‘‘Sec. 6231. Notice of proceedings and adjust-
ment. 
‘‘Sec. 6232. Assessment, collection, and pay-
ment. ‘‘Sec. 6233. Interest and penalties. 
‘‘Sec. 6234. Judicial review of partnership 
adjustment. 
‘‘Sec. 6235. Period of limitations on making 
adjustments. 
‘‘SEC. 6231. NOTICE OF PROCEEDINGS AND AD-
JUSTMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
mail to the partnership and the partnership representative— 
‘‘(1) notice of any administrative pro-
ceeding initiated at the partnership level with respect to an adjustment of any item of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership for a partnership taxable year, or any partner’s distributive share thereof, 
‘‘(2) notice of any proposed partnership ad-
justment resulting from such proceeding, and 
‘‘(3) notice of any final partnership adjust-
ment resulting from such proceeding. Any notice of a final partnership adjustment shall not be mailed earlier than 270 days after the date on which the notice of the pro-posed partnership adjustment is mailed. Such notices shall be sufficient if mailed to the last known address of the partnership representative or the partnership (even if the partnership has terminated its existence). The first sentence shall apply to any pro-ceeding with respect to an administrative adjustment request filed by a partnership under section 6227. 
‘‘(b) F
URTHER NOTICES RESTRICTED .—If the 
Secretary mails a notice of a final partner-ship adjustment to any partnership for any partnership taxable year and the partnership files a petition under section 6234 with re-spect to such notice, in the absence of a showing of fraud, malfeasance, or misrepre-sentation of a material fact, the Secretary shall not mail another such notice to such partnership with respect to such taxable year. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY TO RESCIND NOTICE WITH 
PARTNERSHIP CONSENT .—The Secretary may, 
with the consent of the partnership, rescind any notice of a partnership adjustment mailed to such partnership. Any notice so re-scinded shall not be treated as a notice of a partnership adjustment for purposes of this subchapter, and the taxpayer shall have no right to bring a proceeding under section 6234 with respect to such notice. 
‘‘SEC. 6232. ASSESSMENT, COLLECTION, AND PAY-
MENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Any imputed under-
payment shall be assessed and collected in the same manner as if it were a tax imposed for the adjustment year by subtitle A, except that in the case of an administrative adjust-ment request to which section 6227(b)(1) ap-plies, the underpayment shall be paid when the request is filed. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON ASSESSMENT .—Except 
as otherwise provided in this chapter, no as-sessment of a deficiency may be made (and no levy or proceeding in any court for the collection of any amount resulting from such adjustment may be made, begun or pros-ecuted) before— 
‘‘(1) the close of the 90th day after the day 
on which a notice of a final partnership ad-justment was mailed, and 
‘‘(2) if a petition is filed under section 6234 
with respect to such notice, the decision of the court has become final. 
‘‘(c) P
REMATURE ACTION MAYBEEN-
JOINED .—Notwithstanding section 7421(a), 
any action which violates subsection (b) may be enjoined in the proper court, including the Tax Court. The Tax Court shall have no jurisdiction to enjoin any action under this subsection unless a timely petition has been filed under section 6234 and then only in re-spect of the adjustments that are the subject of such petition. ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTIONS TO RESTRICTIONS ON AD-
JUSTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A DJUSTMENTS ARISING OUT OF MATH OR  
CLERICAL ERRORS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— If the partnership is no-
tified that, on account of a mathematical or clerical error appearing on the partnership return, an adjustment to a item is required, rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 6213(b) shall apply to such adjustment. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—If a partnership is a 
partner in another partnership, any adjust-ment on account of such partnership’s fail-ure to comply with the requirements of sec-tion 6222(a) with respect to its interest in such other partnership shall be treated as an adjustment referred to in subparagraph (A), except that paragraph (2) of section 6213(b) shall not apply to such adjustment. 
‘‘(2) P
ARTNERSHIP MAY WAIVE RESTRIC -
TIONS .—The partnership may at any time 
(whether or not any notice of partnership ad-justment has been issued), by a signed notice in writing filed with the Secretary, waive the restrictions provided in subsection (b) on the making of any partnership adjustment. 
‘‘(e) L
IMIT WHERE NOPROCEEDING BEGUN .— 
If no proceeding under section 6234 is begun with respect to any notice of a final partner-ship adjustment during the 90-day period de-scribed in subsection (b) thereof, the amount for which the partnership is liable under sec-tion 6225 shall not exceed the amount deter-mined in accordance with such notice. 
‘‘SEC. 6233. INTEREST AND PENALTIES. 
‘‘(a) I NTEREST AND PENALTIES DETERMINED  
FROMREVIEWED YEAR.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except to the extent pro-
vided in section 6226(c), in the case of a part-nership adjustment for a reviewed year— 
‘‘(A) interest shall be computed under 
paragraph (2), and 
‘‘(B) the partnership shall be liable for any 
penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount as provided in paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF INTER -
EST.—The interest computed under this para-
graph with respect to any partnership ad-justment is the interest which would be de-termined under chapter 67 for the period be-ginning on the day after the return due date for the reviewed year and ending on the re-turn due date for the adjustment year (or, if earlier, the date payment of the imputed un-derpayment is made). Proper adjustments in the amount determined under the preceding sentence shall be made for adjustments re-quired for partnership taxable years after the reviewed year and before the adjustment year by reason of such partnership adjust-ment. 
‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES .—Any penalty, addition to 
tax, or additional amount shall be deter-mined at the partnership level as if such partnership had been an individual subject to tax under chapter 1 for the reviewed year and the imputed underpayment were an ac-tual underpayment (or understatement) for such year. 
‘‘(b) I
NTEREST AND PENALTIES WITHRE-
SPECT TO ADJUSTMENT YEARRETURN .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any failure 
to pay an imputed underpayment on the date prescribed therefor, the partnership shall be liable— 
‘‘(A) for interest as determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) for any penalty, addition to tax, or 
additional amount as determined under para-graph (3). 
‘‘(2) I
NTEREST .—Interest determined under 
this paragraph is the interest that would be determined by treating the imputed under-payment as an underpayment of tax imposed in the adjustment year. 
‘‘(3) P
ENALTIES .—Penalties, additions to 
tax, or additional amounts determined under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7301 October 28, 2015 
this paragraph are the penalties, additions to 
tax, or additional amounts that would be de-termined— 
‘‘(A) by applying section 6651(a)(2) to such 
failure to pay, and 
‘‘(B) by treating the imputed under-
payment as an underpayment of tax for pur-poses of part II of subchapter A of chapter 68. 
‘‘SEC. 6234. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF PARTNERSHIP 
ADJUSTMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Within 90 days after the 
date on which a notice of a final partnership adjustment is mailed under section 6231 with respect to any partnership taxable year, the partnership may file a petition for a read-justment for such taxable year with— 
‘‘(1) the Tax Court, ‘‘(2) the district court of the United States 
for the district in which the partnership’s principal place of business is located, or 
‘‘(3) the Claims Court. ‘‘(b) J
URISDICTIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR  
BRINGING ACTION IN DISTRICT COURT OR  
CLAIMS COURT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A readjustment petition 
under this section may be filed in a district court of the United States or the Claims Court only if the partnership filing the peti-tion deposits with the Secretary, on or be-fore the date the petition is filed, the amount of the imputed underpayment (as of the date of the filing of the petition) if the partnership adjustment was made as pro-vided by the notice of final partnership ad-justment. The court may by order provide that the jurisdictional requirements of this paragraph are satisfied where there has been a good faith attempt to satisfy such require-ment and any shortfall of the amount re-quired to be deposited is timely corrected. 
‘‘(2) I
NTEREST PAYABLE .—Any amount de-
posited under paragraph (1), while deposited, shall not be treated as a payment of tax for purposes of this title (other than chapter 67). 
‘‘(c) S
COPE OF JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A court 
with which a petition is filed in accordance with this section shall have jurisdiction to determine all items of income, gain, loss, de-duction, or credit of the partnership for the partnership taxable year to which the notice of final partnership adjustment relates, the proper allocation of such items among the partners, and the applicability of any pen-alty, addition to tax, or additional amount for which the partnership may be liable under this subchapter. 
‘‘(d) D
ETERMINATION OF COURT REVIEW -
ABLE .—Any determination by a court under 
this section shall have the force and effect of a decision of the Tax Court or a final judg-ment or decree of the district court or the Claims Court, as the case may be, and shall be reviewable as such. The date of any such determination shall be treated as being the date of the court’s order entering the deci-sion. 
‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF DECISION DISMISSING AC-
TION.—If an action brought under this sec-
tion is dismissed other than by reason of a rescission under section 6231(c), the decision of the court dismissing the action shall be considered as its decision that the notice of final partnership adjustment is correct, and an appropriate order shall be entered in the records of the court. 
‘‘SEC. 6235. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS ON MAKING 
ADJUSTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this section, no adjustment under this subpart for any partnership taxable year may be made after the later of— 
‘‘(1) the date which is 3 years after the lat-
est of— 
‘‘(A) the date on which the partnership re-
turn for such taxable year was filed, 
‘‘(B) the return due date for the taxable 
year, or ‘‘(C) the date on which the partnership 
filed an administrative adjustment request with respect to such year under section 6227, or 
‘‘(2) in the case of any modification of an 
imputed underpayment under section 6225(c), the date that is 270 days (plus the number of days of any extension consented to by the Secretary under paragraph (4) thereof) after the date on which everything required to be submitted to the Secretary pursuant to such section is so submitted, or 
‘‘(3) in the case of any notice of a proposed 
partnership adjustment under section 6231(a)(2), the date that is 270 days after the date of such notice. 
‘‘(b) E
XTENSION BY AGREEMENT .—The pe-
riod described in subsection (a) (including an extension period under this subsection) may be extended by an agreement entered into by the Secretary and the partnership before the expiration of such period. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE IN CASE OF FRAUD , 
ETC.— 
‘‘(1) F ALSE RETURN .—In the case of a false 
or fraudulent partnership return with intent to evade tax, the adjustment may be made at any time. 
‘‘(2) S
UBSTANTIAL OMISSION OF INCOME .—If 
any partnership omits from gross income an amount properly includible therein and such amount is described in section 6501(e)(1)(A), subsection (a) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘6 years’ for ‘3 years’. 
‘‘(3) N
O RETURN .—In the case of a failure by 
a partnership to file a return for any taxable year, the adjustment may be made at any time. 
‘‘(4) R
ETURN FILED BY SECRETARY .—For pur-
poses of this section, a return executed by the Secretary under subsection (b) of section 6020 on behalf of the partnership shall not be treated as a return of the partnership. 
‘‘(d) S
USPENSION WHEN SECRETARY MAILS 
NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENT .—If notice of a final 
partnership adjustment with respect to any taxable year is mailed under section 6231, the running of the period specified in subsection (a) (as modified by the other provisions of this section) shall be suspended— 
‘‘(1) for the period during which an action 
may be brought under section 6234 (and, if a petition is filed under such section with re-spect to such notice, until the decision of the court becomes final), and 
‘‘(2) for 1 year thereafter. 
‘‘PART 2—DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL 
RULES 
‘‘Sec. 6241. Definitions and special rules. 
‘‘SEC. 6241. DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES. 
‘‘For purposes of this subchapter— 
‘‘(1) P ARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘partnership’ 
means any partnership required to file a re-turn under section 6031(a). 
‘‘(2) P
ARTNERSHIP ADJUSTMENT .—The term 
‘partnership adjustment’ means any adjust-ment in the amount of any item of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partner-ship, or any partner’s distributive share thereof. 
‘‘(3) R
ETURN DUE DATE .—The term ‘return 
due date’ means, with respect to the taxable year, the date prescribed for filing the part-nership return for such taxable year (deter-mined without regard to extensions). 
‘‘(4) P
AYMENTS NONDEDUCTIBLE .—No deduc-
tion shall be allowed under subtitle A for any payment required to be made by a part-nership under this subchapter. 
‘‘(5) P
ARTNERSHIPS HAVING PRINCIPAL PLACE  
OF BUSINESS OUTSIDE UNITED STATES .—For 
purposes of sections 6234, a principal place of business located outside the United States shall be treated as located in the District of Columbia. 
‘‘(6) P
ARTNERSHIPS IN CASES UNDER TITLE 11  
OF UNITED STATES CODE .— ‘‘(A) S USPENSION OF PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS  
ON MAKING ADJUSTMENT , ASSESSMENT , OR COL -
LECTION .—The running of any period of limi-
tations provided in this subchapter on mak-ing a partnership adjustment (or provided by section 6501 or 6502 on the assessment or col-lection of any imputed underpayment deter-mined under this subchapter) shall, in a case under title 11 of the United States Code, be suspended during the period during which the Secretary is prohibited by reason of such case from making the adjustment (or assess-ment or collection) and— 
‘‘(i) for adjustment or assessment, 60 days 
thereafter, and 
‘‘(ii) for collection, 6 months thereafter. 
A rule similar to the rule of section 6213(f)(2) shall apply for purposes of section 6232(b). 
‘‘(B) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD OF LIMITATION  
FOR FILING FOR JUDICIAL REVIEW .—The run-
ning of the period specified in section 6234 shall, in a case under title 11 of the United States Code, be suspended during the period during which the partnership is prohibited by reason of such case from filing a petition under section 6234 and for 60 days thereafter. 
‘‘(7) T
REATMENT WHERE PARTNERSHIP  
CEASES TO EXIST .—If a partnership ceases to 
exist before a partnership adjustment under this subchapter takes effect, such adjust-ment shall be taken into account by the former partners of such partnership under regulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(8) E
XTENSION TO ENTITIES FILING PART -
NERSHIP RETURN .—If a partnership return is 
filed by an entity for a taxable year but it is determined that the entity is not a partner-ship (or that there is no entity) for such year, then, to the extent provided in regula-tions, the provisions of this subchapter are hereby extended in respect of such year to such entity and its items and to persons holding an interest in such entity.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
subchapters for chapter 63 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the pre-ceding provisions of this section, is amended by inserting after the item relating to sub-chapter B the following new item: 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER C . TREATMENT OF  
PARTNERSHIPS .’’. 
(d) B INDING NATURE OF PARTNERSHIP AD-
JUSTMENT PROCEEDINGS .—Section 6330(c)(4) of 
such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘; or’’, and by inserting after sub-paragraph (B) the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(C) a final determination has been made 
with respect to such issue in a proceeding brought under subchapter C of chapter 63.’’. 
(e) R
ESTRICTION ON AUTHORITY TO AMEND  
PARTNER INFORMATION STATEMENTS .—Sec-
tion 6031(b) of such Code is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘Except as pro-vided in the procedures under section 6225(c), with respect to statements under section 6226, or as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary, information required to be furnished by the partnership under this subsection may not be amended after the due date of the return under subsection (a) to which such information relates.’’. 
(f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 6031(b) of such Code is amended 
by striking the last sentence. 
(2) Section 6422 of such Code is amended by 
striking paragraph (12). 
(3) Section 6501(n) of such Code is amended 
by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and by striking ‘‘C
ROSS REFERENCES ’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘For period of limitations’’ and inserting ‘‘C
ROSS REFERENCE .—For pe-
riod of limitations’’. 
(4) Section 6503(a)(1) of such Code is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘(or section 6229’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of section 6230(a))’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7302 October 28, 2015 
(5) Section 6504 of such Code is amended by 
striking paragraph (11). 
(6) Section 6511 of such Code is amended by 
striking subsection (g). 
(7) Section 6512(b)(3) of such Code is amend-
ed by striking the second sentence. 
(8) Section 6515 of such Code is amended by 
striking paragraph (6). 
(9) Section 6601(c) of such Code is amended 
by striking the last sentence. 
(10) Section 7421(a) of such Code is amended 
by striking ‘‘6225(b), 6246(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘6232(c)’’. 
(11) Section 7422 of such Code is amended 
by striking subsection (h). 
(12) Section 7459(c) of such Code is amended 
by striking ‘‘section 6226’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘or 6252’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 6234’’. 
(13) Section 7482(b)(1) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 6226, 6228, 6247, or 6252’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6234’’, 
(B) by striking subparagraph (F), by strik-
ing ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (E) and inserting a period, and by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (D), and 
(C) in the last sentence, by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 6226, 6228(a), or 6234(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6234’’. 
(14) Section 7485(b) of such Code is amended 
by striking ‘‘section 6226, 6228(a), 6247, or 6252’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6234’’. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to returns filed for partnership taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE ADJUSTMENT RE -
QUESTS .—In the case of administrative ad-
justment request under section 6227 of such Code, the amendments made by this section shall apply to requests with respect to re-turns filed for partnership taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
(3) A
DJUSTED PARTNERS STATEMENTS .—In 
the case of a partnership electing the appli-cation of section 6226 of such Code, the amendments made by this section shall apply to elections with respect to returns filed for partnership taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
(4) E
LECTION .—A partnership may elect (at 
such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe) for the amendments made by this section (other than the election under section 6221(b) of such Code (as added by this Act)) to apply to any return of the partnership filed for partnership taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act and be-fore January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 1102. PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS CREATED 
BY GIFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 761(b) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of a capital interest in a partnership in which capital is a material income-pro-ducing factor, whether a person is a partner with respect to such interest shall be deter-mined without regard to whether such inter-est was derived by gift from any other per-son.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
704(e) of such Code is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (1) and by redes-
ignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, 
(2) by striking ‘‘this section’’ in paragraph 
(2) (as so redesignated) and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’, and 
(3) by striking ‘‘F
AMILY PARTNERSHIPS ’’ in 
the heading and inserting ‘‘P ARTNERSHIP IN-
TERESTS CREATED BY GIFT’’. (c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to partner-ship taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
TITLE XII—DESIGNATION OF SMALL 
HOUSE ROTUNDA 
SEC. 1201. DESIGNATING SMALL HOUSE RO-
TUNDA AS ‘‘FREEDOM FOYER’’. 
The first floor of the area of the House of 
Representatives wing of the United States Capitol known as the small House rotunda is designated the ‘‘Freedom Foyer’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 495, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and the minority lead-er or their designees. 
The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
R
OGERS ) and the gentleman from Mary-
land (Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 1314, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to 
present the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, the Bi-partisan Budget Agreement of 2015, an agreement that helps advance this Na-tion toward our goals of fiscal sta-bility, strong national security, and entitlement reform. 
These are goals that we have been ad-
vocating for years, ones that will se-cure significant long-term savings, pro-vide our economy with the certainty needed to grow and prosper, and ensure the readiness of our military to meet current and emerging threats. 
First, this agreement prevents the 
economic damage of a default, which could happen as early as next week, by suspending the debt limit through March 2017. 
Next, the agreement includes the 
first significant reform to Social Secu-rity since 1983. These structural re-forms will help maintain the solvency of vital Social Security trust funds by closing loopholes, increasing program integrity, and cracking down on fraud, resulting in $168 billion in long-term savings. The agreement also finds sav-ings in other mandatory programs, in-cluding over $30 billion in Medicare en-titlement savings. 
As I have said many, many times be-
fore—and I have heard it said many times by others here on the floor— mandatory and entitlement programs make up two-thirds of the Nation’s budget and are the primary drivers of our deficits and our debt. In fact, we 
have saved $195 billion on discretionary spending in these last 4 years. In the meantime, the entitlement-mandatory side of the budget continues to zoom skyward. 
Reforms to these programs are nec-
essary and overdue, and I hope that this bill today paves the way for addi-tional action in the future. 
This bill also repeals a flawed provi-
sion of the President’s healthcare law, eliminating the automatic enrollment mandate that forces workers into em-ployer-sponsored healthcare coverage that they may not want or need. 
Finally—and, in my opinion, most 
importantly—this agreement provides for new top-line spending caps for the next 2 years. This will roll back the harmful, automatic, meat-ax approach of sequestration cuts which gut impor-tant Federal programs and slice the good with the bad, including slicing into our military strength. 
A 2-year plan, why is that so impor-
tant? Well, it provides much-needed certainty to the appropriations process and to the Defense Department and all the other agencies of the government, ensuring our ability to make thought-ful, responsible funding decisions over that time. 
Having established agreed-upon, top- 
line numbers for both fiscal 2016 and 2017 will allow Congress to do its work on behalf of the American people and avoid a harmful government shutdown or the threat thereof. This is particu-larly crucial when it comes to our na-tional security. It provides the Pen-tagon with the certainty needed to plan for the future, maintain readiness, and provide for our troops. 
These adjustments are fully offset by 
mandatory spending cuts and other savings, not through tax increases, as the administration proposed in its budget submission earlier this year. 
These new levels do not undermine 
our remarkable success in limiting Federal discretionary spending. Since 2011, as I have said before, we have re-duced discretionary spending—that is what we appropriate here on the floor— by $175 billion. We remain on track to save taxpayers more than $2 trillion if you extrapolate those numbers through 2024. 
With passage of this important agree-
ment, my committee stands ready, coiled, poised to implement the details of this deal, going line by line through budgets and making the tough, but necessary, decisions to fund the entire government in a responsible way. 
We will begin work with our Senate 
counterparts as soon as this bill is signed. 
We have our eye on the December 11 
deadline, and it is my goal to complete our appropriations work ahead of that date to avoid any more delays, con-tinuing resolutions, or shutdown showdowns that hurt important Fed-eral programs, our economy, and, coin-cidentally, the trust of the people in the Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.010 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7303 October 28, 2015 
I want to thank and commend our 
leaders for their courage, their tenac-ity, and their resolve. While I know that this deal is not perfect, there are things I would change if I had the chance. The process by which it emerged is less than ideal. I believe, still, it is in the best interest of the country that we move forward with this arrangement. 
This agreement takes steps in the 
right direction, from finding savings in our entitlement programs to pro-tecting our economy from a dangerous default, to providing for the future of the Nation through funding certainty. 
These are goals that I believe we can 
all get behind. So I ask my colleagues to support this bipartisan agreement today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1545 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker, I want to start by 
joining the comments of the chairman of the Committee on Appropriations, Mr. R
OGERS , in congratulating all 
those who came together to iron out their differences and produce this agreement. 
It is not a perfect agreement, but it 
is far better than the alternative, the alternative which we would have seen which would have produced great dam-age to the economy, as opposed to this agreement, which will help boost eco-nomic growth and make important na-tional investments. 
What a difference a week makes, 
Madam Speaker. Just last week, we had on the floor of this House a bill that would have jeopardized the full faith and credit of the United States. It was a piece of legislation that says the United States Government only has to pay some of its bills, doesn’t have to pay all of its bills. That would have been an awful precedent that would have put the economy at risk. 
Even worse, it said, well, when we de-
cide which bills we are going to pay, we are first going to pay all the bond-holders, like China and the folks on Wall Street, rather than our soldiers and our veterans and the doctors who provide Medicare to our seniors. I am glad we have gotten beyond that, Madam Speaker. 
This will ensure the full faith and 
credit of the United States. It will also lift the very damaging sequester caps that have been put in place that, ac-cording to the nonpartisan Congres-sional Budget Office, were going to slow down economic growth over the next couple years. 
Instead, we are going to be able to 
make some vital investments in key areas: in education, in scientific re-search, in transportation, and in mili-tary readiness. Now, I know those deci-sions are going to be left to Mr. R
OG-
ERSand the appropriators, and I wish 
them all the best in making those deci-sions. I hope we come back by mid-De-cember with an agreement to go for-
ward without further threats of gov-ernment shutdown. 
This agreement at least provides the 
room and space to make those impor-tant investments. It also prevents a looming 20 percent cut in Social Secu-rity disability benefits and provides that reassurance to millions of Ameri-cans who otherwise would have been on the edge. 
It prevents what would have been a 
whopping increase in Medicare part B premiums for millions of seniors around this country, who would have been stretched extremely thin and probably not been able to make all their payments—whether they were mortgage payments, rent payments, or food payments—at the same time they were facing those huge Medicare part B premium increases. So that was ad-dressed as well. 
Now, like Mr. R
OGERS , there are lots 
of things that I would like to have seen in this bill that are not included; but on balance, this is an important step forward, certainly a great improve-ment over where we were just a week ago. 
So, again, I want to express my grati-
tude to everybody who helped make this possible. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the 
distinguished chairman of the House Committee on Rules. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam Speaker, last 
night in the Committee on Rules we looked at this bill. We talked about it and its importance to the Nation. 
Madam Speaker, first let me say that 
this is an agreement between the White House, the Senate, and the House. This is an agreement that we can move for-ward on and avoid many destructive things that might have happened not only to the American people and the economy, but, really, our own credi-bility. Our ability to work together at this very careful time is important so that we show the American people that this can happen. 
There are a lot of things that I agree 
and disagree with that were said. First of all, harm the economy? Good gosh, when you only have a 1 percent GDP growth, the President has already done that with massive tax increases. The President has done that with rules and regulations. We are trying to make sure that what we are doing in this bill is to stick to the Republican plan. 
What is the Republican plan? It has 
been—going into our sixth year—that we are going to hold government spending flat. We do that essentially not only with a CR, which we will do again in a few weeks, but through ef-fective use of sequestration. What we have done is been able to take the se-questration dollars and to utilize them in such a way that, as the chairman was speaking about, we are pulling in mandatory spending. We believe, after 5 years of staying 
flat with government spending, that we are in a more dangerous world than ever, and our military must have more money, our security operations must have more money. What we are going to do is to look at the entire process, come up with an idea about bringing in more money that funds our security, that funds our military, and offsets that so that we can do this by looking at long-term mandatory spending that will bring in over 170 billion dollars’ worth of savings over the mirror that we look at, over the timeframe that is important for the American people to have confidence that we will not bank-rupt this country and that we can con-tinue. 
Now, the bottom line to this whole 
exercise is that what we have done is worked together. Working together, we now have a plan to move forward; and we will simply go to the next exercise, and that is funding the government for the year. 
The Republican plan is simple. We 
are not going to give this government one extra penny to put us into a bank-ruptcy circumstance, but we are asking also, back, that the President of the United States give us an opportunity to grow our economy. Taxes are too high, and we have too many rules and regulations; but the Republican Party will stick to our plan, and that is what we are doing here. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN), 
the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
(Mr. LEVIN asked and was given per-
mission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LEVIN. Madam Speaker, first 
and foremost, this bill takes the impor-tant step of protecting the full faith and credit of the United States. We will pay our obligations—and not only to foreign bondholders, but to our citi-zens, whether veterans or our chil-dren—unlike the Republican majority bill last week. 
It protects millions of seniors from a 
50 percent increase in their monthly Medicare part B premiums and spreads out the cost of paying for the fix over a number of years. It ensures that all 11 million Americans that rely on So-cial Security disability insurance won’t see their benefits cut by 20 per-cent. It is fiscally responsible, while not undermining or changing the struc-ture of vital programs in any way. 
Let me repeat that. It is fiscally re-
sponsible, while not undermining or changing the structure of vital pro-grams in any way. 
It ensures, in Social Security, a uni-
form national process for disability evaluations, and it closes a loophole used mostly by higher income individ-uals to receive higher Social Security benefits than intended. It regularizes payments in Medicare for care given in outpatient facilities. 
Finally, the agreement raises the 
spending caps for 2 years for domestic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.034 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7304 October 28, 2015 
spending, not only for defense prior-
ities, as some have earlier proposed. I just want to repeat that so it is clear. The agreement raises the spending caps for 2 years for both domestic and de-fense spending. That means we can bet-ter fund critical domestic programs that were cut under sequestration, in-creasing support for education, health research, food safety, job training, and health care for veterans. 
This was a product of a lot of effort, 
of Members, of staff in various commit-tees, the leadership on a bipartisan basis working with the administration. I just want to leave expressing my sup-port and expressing we will truly have a broad, bipartisan vote for this bill today. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN ), the distinguished chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Madam 
Speaker, I will be brief. 
I rise in support of the agreement be-
fore us this afternoon. 
Madam Speaker, as my colleagues 
are aware, the Department of Defense and the intelligence community have borne the brunt of our efforts to reduce the budget deficit and control our bur-geoning national debt. Under the Budg-et Control Act of 2011, roughly half of all the discretionary spending reduc-tions were taken from programs in the national security area. 
My colleagues, 2011 was a different 
time. The security environment has changed significantly. Since that time, threats from terrorist groups and na-tion-states have risen dramatically. The security spending reductions envi-sioned 4 years ago seem extremely un-wise and dangerous today. 
In this agreement, the Department of 
Defense will receive additional re-sources, badly needed resources: $30 bil-lion this year, and $15 billion next year. But almost more important, this agreement gives the Pentagon and our intelligence community predictability, certainty, the ability to organize and plan its activities for 2 years. It also gives our soldiers and their families a degree of certainty that they will be supported as they do the work of free-dom. 
Senior leaders of the Army, Navy, 
Air Force, and Marines—and the De-partment itself—will now be able to plan as to how they will configure, equip, train, sustain, and deploy our forces in the most effective and effi-cient manner possible. This ability will result in budget savings and a more ef-fective fighting force. 
Madam Speaker, this agreement is by 
no means perfect, but this agreement does require support because it pro-vides predictable funding for our Na-tion’s security at a time of changing and growing defense. Every Member ought to support it. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Maryland (Mr. 
C
UMMINGS ), the very distinguished 
ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Bipartisan Budg-et Agreement. 
I am very encouraged that this agree-
ment includes provisions from my bill, H.R. 2391, the Medicaid Generic Drug Price Fairness Act, which I introduced back on May 18. My legislation re-quires generic drug manufacturers to provide rebates to Medicaid when they raise prices faster than the rate of in-flation. 
My legislation will help Americans 
get lifesaving prescriptions they need. It will save $1 billion over 10 years, ac-cording to the Congressional Budget Office. 
Just this morning, the nonpartisan 
Kaiser Family Foundation issued a re-port finding that this issue, the sky-rocketing prices of prescription drugs, is the number one healthcare priority for the American people. The report found that 77 percent of those sur-veyed, including Democrats, Repub-licans, and Independents, identified the issue as their top health concern over-all. 
This legislation is a strong and wel-
come step to help keep drugs afford-able, but we must do more. We need to investigate drug companies that are taking advantage of the American peo-ple by jacking up their prices just to boost corporate profits and make their executives rich. 
Over the past month, press reports 
have been filled with almost daily ac-counts of drug company executives try-ing to justify the obscene price in-creases while lining their pockets. My colleagues may have heard about the so-called ‘‘pharma bro’’ Martin Shkreli, who increased the price of a drug that treats life-threatening infec-tions from about $14 to $750 overnight. He then called his price gouging ‘‘a great thing for society.’’ 
My colleagues also may have heard 
about Michael Pearson, the CEO of Valeant Pharmaceuticals, which in-creased the prices of two drugs used to treat heart failure and hypertension by 212 percent and 525 percent on the same day it acquired them. This company is currently obstructing congressional oversight and refusing to provide docu-ments relating to its increases. 
I am very pleased to support this 
budget bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it. 
b1600 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), 
the distinguished chairman of the House Armed Services Committee. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Madam Speaker, 
if one takes into account the effects of inflation, we cut our military budget 21 percent from 2010 to 2014. 
Madam Speaker, I think everybody 
in this body will acknowledge the world is not 21 percent safer today than 
it was just 4 years ago. 
As a matter of fact, if you look 
around the world, whether it is the growth of ISIS into more countries or the continued challenge of al Qaeda and its various affiliates, to the morass of Syria with historic Russian re-inser-tion today, to China building islands in the South Pacific, to North Korea’s saber rattling, to Iran intentionally violating an agreement it made on its missile testing just after the U.S. rati-fied the nuclear deal, to daily cyber at-tacks, the world is growing increas-ingly dangerous. 
Into that danger we send men and 
women who wear the uniform of the United States to meet that danger. Yet, we cut their budget 21 percent. 
We saw last week the President of 
the United States used them as a polit-ical bargaining chip to try to force Congress to comply with his domestic agenda. 
The bottom line for me, Madam 
Speaker, is our troops deserve better than that. That is the reason I support this Bipartisan Budget Act of 2014. It stops the cuts in defense. 
It increases the money going to our 
troops. It prevents them from being used as a bargaining chip in the future because it sets the military budget for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 so that that is decided. They can’t be used as leverage for some other agenda. I think that is the sort of stability and predictability they need and that they deserve. 
I think the great question, Madam 
Speaker, is: If not this, then what? 
We know that this budget agreement 
at least comes close to meeting what the President has asked for on defense and comes close to the Congressional budget, within $5 billion. 
Now, that is not enough money to re-
pair all the damage that has been done over the past 5 years, but it is in the ball park. If we do not approve this budget, then what? 
Well, then we are back to continuing 
resolutions and sequester, which means, for example, the Army has said they will have to cut another 40,000 troops out of their ranks on top of the 70,000 they have already cut. 
Now, that is just a sampling of what 
not passing this bill could well mean. If we go back to CRs and the sequester level, it would be drastic reductions to the military, a much less safe world for the United States and its interests. 
I believe that this measure, on that 
basis alone, deserves our support. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I agree with the gentleman that the 
investments in military readiness are important. I also believe the invest-ments to help our economy grow and invest in education and scientific re-search are important. 
What the President said to the Con-
gress is what the vast majority of the American public believed, that it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.036 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7305 October 28, 2015 
vital to have a strong national defense. 
But a strong national defense requires a strong economy. It requires an edu-cated workforce. It requires invest-ments in innovation and technology. It requires a 21st century infrastructure. 
So I am pleased that the President 
insisted that we make investments not just in the military, but also vital in-vestments to help the economy grow, grow more jobs, which are estimated to be in the range of 350,000 in 2016 alone. So those are vital investments that also help strengthen America. 
Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), somebody who has been on the 
front lines of making those important investments for our country, the very distinguished ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Madam Speaker, as 
ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, I rise to support this bipar-tisan legislation that ensures the full faith and credit of the United States and sets a path to a responsible appro-priations process this year and next. 
Since the beginning of this year’s ap-
propriations process, Democrats have called for relief from damaging, aus-terity-level budget caps so Congress can invest in our Nation’s future. 
Unfortunately, the majority’s budget 
resolution and appropriation bills would have strangled economic growth and not met our Nation’s needs with cuts to Pell Grants that help families pay college tuition and law enforce-ment grants, for example. The list goes on and on. 
From the start of the appropriations 
process, I urged my majority col-leagues to negotiate reasonable spend-ing caps that protect our economy and national priorities. 
I am pleased these talks finally hap-
pened and resulted in this bipartisan package that provides an additional $40 billion for defense, $40 billion for non- defense, over 2 years. These invest-ments are critical. 
Upon its passage, I look forward to 
working together in a similarly respon-sible manner to reach bipartisan con-sensus on the spending bills to avoid a government shutdown in mid-Decem-ber. 
I urge passage of this bill so we can 
immediately begin our appropriations work, already overdue. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, may I inquire of the time re-maining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky has 15
1⁄2min-
utes remaining. The gentleman from Maryland has 19 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
IAZ- 
BALART ), the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Transportation and Housing and Urban Development. 
Mr. DIAZ-BALART. I thank the 
chairman. 
Madam Speaker, I, in essence, only 
want to make four brief points. Num-ber one is that, I, too, have concerns 
with lots of parts of this bill. There are parts that I wish were different. I think all of us do. But there are a number of reasons why I think it is important that we move forward on this legisla-tion. 
Number one, this helps avoid a dev-
astating hit to senior citizens in the district that I represent and, frankly, senior citizens across the entire coun-try that deserve to be protected by those of us that represent them up here in Washington. 
Number two, when we are able to 
move forward on the appropriations process, which this legislation will allow us to do, that is a way that al-lows every Member of this House to have input. Every Member of this House has been part of that process. 
So for those of us who believe in reg-
ular order and inclusiveness and in making sure that every Member has a word and a say as to how we move for-ward, this bill will allow us to move forward on that very open process. 
Lastly—and we have heard this be-
fore—it is no secret that the world has gotten a lot more dangerous, and you have heard the numbers. We are dev-astating our military at a time when we are asking them to do more and more and when the world is becoming more and more dangerous. 
So let me just leave with this last, 
final point. Are we going to allow our military to continue to receive cuts at a time when they should actually be helped and should actually have in-creased spending or are we going to permit the devastating of our men and women in uniform, of the U.S. mili-tary, at this time in our history? 
My dear friends, I, for one, am not 
going to sit back, if I can do anything about it, and allow the U.S. military to be devastated by more budget cuts. 
So, therefore, I respectfully urge a 
‘‘yes’’ vote on this legislation. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON), a distinguished member of the Fi-
nancial Services Committee. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for the time. 
I plan on voting for this bill, but I am 
not here to pound and celebrate that. 
It does things that are good. It lifts 
the debt ceiling and puts us in a posi-tion where we don’t have to fear de-faulting on America’s debts. It avoids ruinous cuts in Medicare part B, and disability insurance benefit cuts won’t go down. 
But the fact is no one here, no one in 
this room, can say that this piece of legislation that we are looking at now is going to advance America, bring us progress that we actually really need. 
Do you know that, since 2012, we 
have seen 640 fewer National Institutes of Health grants? We haven’t been making the investments we need in embassy security, housing, health care, education. We are not advancing Amer-ica. This is not a progress budget. This is 
a survival budget. And we need to sur-vive; so, I’m going to vote for this piece 
of legislation. 
But we must come to the moment in 
time when we are looking to advance our country, to move forward and offer real leadership to the world, rather than just obsessing over how much we can cut and how much we can take. 
The fact is that the Progressive Cau-
cus offered a budget. It meets our mini-mal conditions, but it doesn’t advance our real progress that we need. 
We have principles that we have been 
talking about that are about pushing this country forward: child nutrition, affordable care, college education, housing, transit. This is what is going to make our country strong. 
This budget keeps us above water, 
keeps us from defaulting on our debts, and that is a good thing. But can’t we do more? 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. I
SSA). 
Mr. ISSA. Madam Speaker, I am a 
member of the majority. 
When the majority brings a bill to 
the floor, you normally start off with ‘‘yes’’ and hope to stay there. In this case, I started off with ‘‘likely’’ and didn’t arrive at a ‘‘yes.’’ So, reluc-tantly, I am going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
I am not going to vote ‘‘no’’ because 
of what it seeks to do. I am certainly not going to vote ‘‘no’’ knowing that we need to fund our troops in the field in a war that has dragged on for 15 years and now has re-ignited. 
But I am going to vote ‘‘no’’ because 
of how this bill is paid for. I have done as much as I can as long as I can to tol-erate how we ‘‘score’’ things. 
At the risk of being wrong, I will re-
mind people that I am only as good as the information that my staff has given me. But according to CBO, $2.5 billion worth of this pay-for comes from premium payments that are ac-celerated, meaning we are robbing from the future to pay for today. 
Another one comes from extended 
pension smoothing, $9 billion. This is a time-shifting on money over 10 years. Again, we are robbing from the future to pay for this year. 
Another one, $4 billion, comes from 
Social Security disability. But it is a double count. It has already been scored elsewhere previously. 
And $5 billion comes from the Stra-
tegic Petroleum Reserve. This will be the third time this year that we have brought a bill saying we are going to sell this oil at its low price. 
Ultimately, the real question is: 
Aren’t we selling off an asset today to pay for current expenses? 
$3.5 billion will come from FCC band-
width sales. I can live with that. I’m not thrilled with it. I think we should make more bandwidth available to the public so that, in fact, space we can all use without paying would be available. 
But here is the one that really broke 
me: Extending the Medicare sequester 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.037 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7306 October 28, 2015 
rate saves $14 billion, but the one-time 
saving is based on an occurrence in the year 2025. 
So, in closing, Madam Speaker, I will 
not sell our future for this year’s budg-et; and, therefore, I recommend a ‘‘no’’ because of the pay-fors on this budget. 
b1615 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), somebody 
who has been very focused on making sure we keep the full faith and credit of the United States. 
Mr. WELCH. I thank the gentleman. Madam Speaker, there are a few rea-
sons why this agreement deserves our support: 
First, it is good public policy. This fi-
nally unleashes the shackles of the se-quester that have prevented Congress from making decisions and, instead, just had across-the-board cuts. The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OG-
ERS) is going to have an opportunity 
for his Appropriations Committee—Re-publicans and Democrats—to do its job. 
Second, it averts enormous increases 
in Medicare part B premiums. 
Third, it keeps Social Security dis-
ability funds solvent through 2022, and there are a number of other things. 
The second major reason why this is 
so important is this: It is an agree-ment. We have finally come together, through the leadership of Speaker B
OEHNER and Leader P ELOSI , to legis-
late. We have been part of a legislative body that is on strike, that hasn’t leg-islated. We cannot underestimate the power that is unleashed by the capac-ity of this Congress to give certainty to the American people and to our agencies as to what comes ahead and what they have to do. 
Secondly, what Speaker B
OEHNER  
did—and I am so indebted to him, as all of us should be—is that he took out of the hands of those of us in Congress two weapons which, when used, are very destructive, and those are: the threat of shutting the government down, and the threat of defaulting on America’s full faith and credit. We can’t do that. 
And Speaker B
OEHNER , to his credit, 
when there was the Planned Parent-hood dispute about funding and he was in favor of cutting funding, he opposed shutting down government to achieve that goal. 
We have suspended the debt ceiling 
through 2017, which means this body is going to have not just the opportunity, but the responsibility to do its job. 
Finally, what we have seen here, 
when Speaker B
OEHNER reached out to 
Leader P ELOSI , is that he had in the 
minority leader a willing partner who was willing to sit down, work hard, and reach an agreement. That sets the foundation for progress ahead. 
I wish the best success to Speaker-to- 
be R
YAN. He has willing and able part-
ners in the whole Caucus to make progress for America. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ), the distinguished former Gov-
ernor of South Carolina, who is a Mem-ber of this great body. 
Mr. SANFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
will say to the chairman from Ken-tucky that I am absolutely sympa-thetic in the way that he and others in the leadership are really caught be-tween a rock and a hard place. 
If you think about 100 members of 
the defense community saying, ‘‘Wait a minute. We won’t vote for it unless we get more there’’; folks in the AG com-munity saying, ‘‘We don’t like this par-ticular provision’’; advocates of Medi-care saying, ‘‘We have got to have a bit more here,’’ the realities of a debt ceil-ing, a President who said, ‘‘A clean ceiling or nothing at all,’’ I mean, they really have been between a rock and a hard place. 
But that having been said, we are 
still left at the end of the day with a $1.5 trillion problem that has grown on top of an $18 trillion problem; and I, therefore, believe that the simple no-tion is the key to getting out of a hole is to quit digging. Fundamentally, I be-lieve that this bill does more digging than not. And I say that from three dif-ferent points: 
One, there is a process question. In 
fairness to the chairman and others, in some ways, this was handed to them, and I think that there are serious ques-tions that any of us should have with regard to process. 
Two, it does remove the caps. As dra-
conian as they are, they represent the only piece of financial restraint in Washington, D.C., that has encumbered this entity. That, I think, has a lot to do with the fiscal restraint that we have seen on domestic discretionary spending. 
And finally, as my colleague from 
California just pointed out, there is borrowing from Peter to pay for Paul. And if you look at where disability in-surance is getting money from the standpoint of old age survivors, if you look at the bandwidth question, if you look at the strategic oil question, if you look at pension smoothing and a whole number of other areas, you are left with this larger question of this still does not solve the problem of this upward trajectory that we have with regard to spending in this place. 
Therefore, I would remind everyone 
of what Admiral Mike Mullen said, who is the former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He said that the great-est threat to our civilization was the national debt. At the end of the day, this bill compounds it; and for that reason, I would respectfully encourage a ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL), a dis-
tinguished member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. NEAL. Madam Speaker, today’s 
effort is a moment of satisfaction but not delectation. This stands before us as a testament that Congress cannot be dictated to by a minority of the major-
ity. This institution cannot work based upon the principle that a minority of the majority can dictate the outcome of legislative life. 
I am glad we are finding common 
ground and common purpose. It is simi-lar to the Congress that I joined a lot of years ago. 
But rather than a moment of gloat-
ing, we should all take a look at what has happened to the process that once governed this institution. And my plea to the new Speaker of the House is going to be: Remember that the com-mittee system is the vertebra of Con-gress. It is within the structure of the committee system that we find the way forward. 
And to Speaker B
OEHNER , a good man 
and a good friend who leaves here in the next couple of days, congratula-tions, as well as to Leader P
ELOSI , 
Leader M CCONNELL , and Leader R EID. 
But the sad commentary is this could never have happened if they didn’t take it upon themselves to do the actual ne-gotiation. The polarization in this in-stitution would have prevented that. 
We cannot keep taking America to 
the financial precipice. We need some predictability, some confidence in building the economy. By embracing this proposal, we allow that oppor-tunity to perhaps happen. We take de-fault off the table. The full faith and credit of the United States will not be impugned. We will not allow the coun-try to be hijacked by extremist views. 
I say to those here, that small num-
ber that want to dictate the outcome of what happens in this institution: Pay some attention to the skill and the art of legislating as opposed to just the talking points that lend themselves to the incendiary commentary that flows from this institution now. Work with both sides to try to find an outcome that the American people can look at as having accomplished with some pride. 
We look at this institution with 
great regard, and what has happened to it is a shameful exercise in allowing this rule that prevents us from moving forward because of the advances that are made by a minority of the major-ity. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a 
member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy and his hard work over the years on the budget. 
Madam Speaker, I am pleased to 
stand today to support this agreement. It allows us to limp along. There is no shutdown for now. We avoid the dam-age of default. There is a slight relax-ation in sequestration. There is equity for seniors and the disabled. 
There was a time when many of these 
provisions would not necessarily be a cause for celebration, but it is today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.038 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7307 October 28, 2015 
This is a signal accomplishment for 
stability. 
I take my hat off to Speaker B OEH-
NER, Leader P ELOSI , the Senate leader-
ship, and the President and his team for delivering an agreement that came together for Congress at relatively warp speed, working behind the scenes for days. It wins the House some breathing space, not lurching from cri-sis to crisis, and I hope that we take advantage of this achievement. 
This was an important week here on 
Capitol Hill: 
We have made a transition on the Re-
publican side with a new Speaker, a friend that I respect and admire, the gentleman from Wisconsin, P
AULRYAN. 
I look forward to working with him. 
It was important that the House was 
able to work its will on the Ex-Im Bank. We found a piece of legislation supported not just overwhelmingly by the House, but by a majority of Repub-licans, bottled up in committee by a minority, and it broke loose. I think that is important. 
I hope this breathing room allows us 
to do one other thing, and that is to prioritize our budget requirements. We are going to spend over $1 trillion in the years ahead on nuclear weapons that we cannot afford to use and can’t afford to buy. We can do better for the American people, and I hope this agree-ment allows us to do so. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ATTAH ), a distin-
guished member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. FATTAH. Madam Speaker, I am 
one who comes to this floor to support this agreement. It means the great work that we are doing on the Appro-priations Committee—working with my colleagues, like Chairman R
OGERS  
and T OMCOLE from Oklahoma—the 
work we are doing on brain health-re-lated issues, the creation of a process to map the human brain, to create a national brain observatory, to help lead the world in an area in which we can finally find answers to a whole range of diseases going forward. We will be able to move our appropriations bills on a whole range of issues—from youth mentoring, to housing, to health care—because the Congress and its leadership have come together. 
So I commend both sides, and I com-
mend the White House. I am pleased that this agreement has happened. 
Yesterday I announced a $10 million 
TIGER grant for Philadelphia. This agreement means that there will be other Members who will be making said announcements out in the future because we will be doing the work that helps keep America number one in the world. 
For all of our challenges, we have the 
most powerful Nation in the world. This agreement helps to move us for-ward, and I am here to applaud it and to vote in favor of it. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), somebody 
who knows how to lead, who knows how to get things done, who knows how to find common ground, and who was a vital part of bringing us to the progress we are making today, the Democratic leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. I thank the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) for 
yielding and for his kind words, and I return the compliment to him. 
To the staff of the Budget Com-
mittee, the staff of the other commit-tees of jurisdiction on both sides of the aisle who enabled this important agree-ment to come forward, thank you very much. 
Madam Speaker, today we are proud 
to come to the floor with legislation that moves America forward, affirming the full faith and credit of the United States of America, as our Constitution says should never be in doubt, and passing a budget agreement that cre-ates jobs, protects seniors, and invests in our future. 
Today we cast our votes for a bipar-
tisan budget package that represents significant progress for hardworking American families. 
Throughout the budget process, I am 
proud that Democrats have been united by our values and our determination to win progress for those hardworking American families. We showed we had the votes and the resolve to sustain the President’s vetoes of funding bills that did not meet the needs of those people. 
Working with our Republican col-
leagues on a compromise enabled us at long last to bring to the floor a bill, a bill with which we have broken the se-quester stranglehold on our national defense and our investments in good- paying jobs and the future of America. 
In this agreement before the House, 
we achieve equal funding; we honor the principle of parity between defense and domestic priorities. We achieve equal funding increases for defense and do-mestic initiatives, amounting to $112 billion over the next 2 years. We pre-vent a 20 percent cut in disability bene-fits for millions of people in 2016 and extend the solvency of the Social Secu-rity Disability Insurance program. We prevent a drastic increase in Medicare part B premiums and deductibles for millions of seniors next year. And we affirm the full faith and credit of the United States is nonnegotiable and un-breakable, with a clean debt limit sus-pension. 
b1630 
We push through the gridlock to pro-
vide more economic certainty and, ac-cording to the Council of Economic Ad-visers, create an additional 340,000 jobs in 2016 alone. 
Budget and senior groups and groups 
for disability are lining up in strong support of this agreement. As AARP wrote to congressional leaders—I’m sure you saw this, Mr. R
OGERS , and 
thank you for your courageous support of this legislation, our great chairman of the Appropriations Committee— AARP wrote, ‘‘AARP strongly supports the bipartisan agreement you have reached to avert deep reductions in So-cial Security Disability Insurance ben-efits in 2016, and to address the immi-nent spike in Medicare Part B pre-miums which many older Americans would otherwise experience. Your ef-forts to reach across the aisle and to-gether find sensible solutions to sig-nificant problems are appreciated and commended.’’ 
Working together, Madam Speaker, 
Democrats and Republicans, we have found a way forward for the American people. I thank the Republican leader-ship for their partnership in reaching this agreement. 
Again, I thank the staffs of the com-
mittees of jurisdiction: the Budget Committee, the Ways and Means Com-mittee, the Appropriations Committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee, and others. I commend our colleagues for speaking out on this important agreement. 
Let us pass this agreement. Let’s 
vote ‘‘yes’’ today together. Let us pass this agreement, move swiftly to keep government open, and make progress for the American people. 
Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, 
and I hope it is a big strong one. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, might I inquire of the gen-tleman how many speakers he has re-
maining? 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I have about four more speakers. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ). He is 
somebody who has been a key leader on budget and fiscal issues, someone from the great State of Maryland, and our distinguished Democratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentlelady. I thank the gentleman from Mary-
land for yielding. I thank him for his outstanding leadership as ranking member of the Budget Committee on fiscal stability and fiscal responsibility and his willingness to lead in ensuring that America invests in its future. 
I thank the chairman of the Appro-
priations Committee. I think I quote the chairman of the Appropriations Committee as much as I quote any other Member: Unrealistic and ill-ad-vised. Those two words of his relating to the sequester are emblazoned on my frontal lobe, and I thank him for that statement. 
Madam Speaker, this agreement rep-
resents a bipartisan effort to prevent a catastrophic default and lessen the chance of a government shutdown in December—lessens the chance. It doesn’t preclude it. It shows what is possible when Democrats and Repub-licans work together to get something done in a bipartisan way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.040 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7308 October 28, 2015 
This has been a unique week. The Ex-
port-Import Bank passed with a major-ity of Republicans and an overwhelm-ingly majority—all but one—of Demo-crats. This is going to pass, in my view, with overwhelming numbers of Repub-licans and overwhelming numbers of Democrats voting for it. That is what Americans want, and that is what they expect. They want us to work together, not always agree with one other, but to work together. 
Madam Speaker, this bill replaces 
the sequester, that ill-advised policy that is hurting our country. It replaces it for 2 years and does so with parity for defense and non-defense sequester relief. It protects Medicare part B beneficiaries from seeing higher pre-miums, and it saves the Social Secu-rity Disability Insurance program from insolvency. All of those are worthwhile objectives. 
This legislation will give us a chance 
to work on a long-term solution to our fiscal challenges over the next 2 years. This agreement, like Ryan-Murray, is a short-term agreement, and the end of it comes sooner than we expect. 
Congress ought not to wait until this 
agreement is about to expire 2 years from now to act. We should get to work right now on a big, bipartisan deal to put America’s fiscal house back in order and enable our Nation to afford investments in a stronger economic fu-ture. 
Americans are not looking for a rick-
ety bridge to 2017, but a sturdy one that can carry us into a stronger eco-nomic future. Businesses across the country are clamoring for long-term certainty, for Congress to find a way to replace the sequester and remove the uncertainty that it has created and continues to create. 
So I hope, Madam Speaker, the his-
tory that is written about this legisla-tion is that it was a bipartisan first step towards securing the kind of long- term agreement all of us know we must achieve. 
I had the opportunity to serve with 
Mr. R
OGERS for a couple of decades on 
the Appropriations Committee. He and I have served in this Congress together for a long period of time. 
He is a responsible leader in the Con-
gress of the United States, and I quote him because his perspective and mine are the same—although we differ on many issues—and it is that we owe it to the American people, we owe it to America, and we owe it to future gen-erations to create the fiscal stability that will allow the Appropriations Committee, very frankly, to again be-come the center of decisionmaking, which it was for many of the years that I served on it. 
Too often now we ignore the Appro-
priations Committee whose job is to set priorities and to apply the re-sources of our country to those pri-ority items. If we don’t adhere to that process, that will not happen. 
Madam Speaker, in closing, we need 
to get a long-term fiscal resolution. This is a short term. I will support it. 
It is good for the country. But we need a long-term solution. I thank the chairman, and I thank the ranking member, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , my friend, 
who has done such a terrific job. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Ranking 
Member, let me thank you. And to the chairman of the Appropriations Com-mittee, let me thank you as well. 
This was a tough call. And I do want 
to thank the leadership, Speaker B
OEH-
NER, and our leadership, Leader P ELOSI , 
Whip H OYER , and, of course, our rank-
ing member of the Budget Committee, and the Ways and Means leadership as well. This is an important step forward because I can say to my constituents: We fixed some of your pain and your anguish. 
Madam Speaker, this bill quickly 
provides $80 billion, but I am so grate-ful that part of that deals with the plussing up of non-defense discre-tionary funding: child care, National Institutes of Health, and other very important issues. 
My seniors, I think it is very impor-
tant to note that your Medicare pre-mium part B will not go up in a 50 per-cent increase in 2016 and there will be less deep cuts in Social Security, more jobs being created, and as well we will have the opportunities, as I indicated, to increase NIH funding. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield the gentlewoman an additional 10 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. What we must be 
careful of is that we do not increase any mandatory minimums and some of the penalties that are in place, and we must be careful that we do protect So-cial Security and Medicare. We will continue to monitor this for a budget that will lift the debt ceiling until 2017 and have this country stand on its feet and pay its bills. 
Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlelady for 
yielding and I rise to speak on the rule and the underlying legislation, which is the Senate Amendment to H.R. 1314, the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Agreement of 2015.’’ 
The bill before us is not perfect—far from 
it—but it is a modest and positive step toward preventing Republicans from shutting down the government again and manufacturing cri-ses that only harm our economy, destroy jobs, and weaken our middle class. 
I have reviewed the agreement carefully and 
have concluded that on balance the good out-weighs the bad for the following reasons: 
1. The agreement provides $80 billion of 
significant sequester relief over the next two years for both defense and non-defense prior-ities, which is nearly 90 percent of the relief requested by the President in his 2016 budg-et; 
2. The Bipartisan Budget Agreement pre-
vents a roughly 50 percent increase in the Medicare Part B premium in 2016, protecting 
thousands of seniors in my congressional dis-trict, and millions more across the country, from cost increases; 
3. The Bipartisan Budget Agreement avoids 
deep cuts to Social Security Disability Insur-ance (DI) benefits that would occur at the end of next year; 
4. Hundreds of thousands of American jobs 
will be created over the next two years due to the avoidance of manufactured budget crises; 
5. The Bipartisan Budget Agreement pro-
vides additional resources and the funding sta-bility needed to protect our homeland, counter future threats, and take care of our troops while preventing deep cuts that would result from locking in sequestration; 
6. The agreement is paid for in a balanced 
way that avoids harmful cuts to Medicare or Social Security beneficiaries; and 
7. Prevents a catastrophic default and pro-
tects the full faith and credit of the United States and by suspending the national debt limit until March 15, 2017. 
But as with any compromise there are some 
things in the agreement that I support and some things that I do not. 
For example, while providing $80 billion in 
relief over two years, instead of abolishing se-questration, as I would prefer, the agreement retains the sequestration principle and extends its applicability for two additional years, until 2025. 
Of this $80 billion, $50 billion will be avail-
able in FY 2016 and $30 billion in FY 2017, to be equally divided and allocated by the House and Senate Appropriations Committees among the various federal agencies and pro-grams. 
This modest increase in discretionary do-
mestic funding holds open the promise of in-creased investments in critical areas such as basic research in health and science, edu-cation, veterans’ medical care, and job train-ing. 
And these investments are desperately 
needed if we are to position our nation to pre-vail in an increasingly interconnected econ-omy. 
Madam Speaker, in the absence of this 
agreement, we would have to rely upon a full- year continuing resolution which would result in $1 billion less in NIH funding and nearly 1,000 fewer NSF grants than under the Presi-dent’s budget. 
Were we to operate under a continuing res-
olution through the end of FY 2016, per-pupil education funding would fall to the lowest lev-els since 2000, and Head Start would be flat- funded, which would mean roughly 17,000 fewer children served than in 2014. 
Madam Speaker, a full-year CR at seques-
tration levels would mean $1 billion less than the President requested for veterans’ medical care relative even though all of us here agree that our veterans deserve more, much more, support than they have received. 
The Bipartisan Budget Agreement will allow 
us to provide funding for job training for two million more workers than would be possible if we continued to operate through the end of FY 2016 under a continuing resolution subject to sequestration. 
Madam Speaker, I strongly support the pro-
vision in the Bipartisan Budget Agreement that prevents an increase of nearly 50 percent in the Medicare Part B premium for 2016 and 2017 by spreading out the cost of replenishing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.041 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7309 October 28, 2015 
the Medicare Supplemental Medical Insurance 
Trust Fund over a number of years. 
Without Congressional action, the monthly 
2015 Part B premium of $104.90 would in-crease by $54.40 in 2016 to $159.30 for bene-ficiaries not held harmless (i.e., those who did not receive an increase in their Social Security benefits). 
The Bipartisan Budget Agreement maintains 
the hold harmless provision in current law and prevents a dramatic premium increase on beneficiaries not held harmless by setting a new 2016 basic Part B premium for the bene-ficiaries not held harmless at $120, which is the amount the Part B premium would other-wise be for all beneficiaries in 2016 if the hold harmless provision in current law did not apply. 
To replenish the Medicare Trust Fund, in 
2016 there would be a loan of general rev-enue from the Federal Treasury, which will be repaid beginning in 2016 by an additional $3 surcharge in the monthly Part B premium of beneficiaries not subject to the hold harmless. 
Madam Speaker, it is worth noting that a 
functioning, effective federal government is critical to people with disabilities who dis-proportionately rely on government services to live, learn and work in their communities. 
That is why I also strongly support the provi-
sion in the Bipartisan Budget Agreement that avoids deep cuts to Social Security Disability Insurance. 
Specifically, the agreement ensures that the 
Social Security Disability Insurance program will continue to provide the full benefits that workers have earned, preventing a 20 percent cut that would have been applied to workers and their families at the end of 2016. 
Madam Speaker, another reason I support 
the Bipartisan Budget Agreement is that it eliminates the temptation of House Repub-licans to once again resort to the brinksmanship politics of defaulting on the na-tional debt. 
The full faith and credit of the United States 
is too valuable a national asset to be trifled with, as Alexander Hamilton, the nation’s first and greatest Treasury Secretary, understood. 
In 1789, in the dawn of the nation’s birth, 
Hamilton recognized and acted upon the belief that the path to American prosperity and greatness lay in its creditworthiness which pro-vided the affordable access to capital needed to fund internal improvements and economic growth. 
According to Hamilton, the nation’s credit-
worthiness was one of its most important na-tional assets and ‘‘the proper funding of the present debt, will render it a national bless-ing.’’ 
But to maintain this blessing, or to ‘‘render 
public credit immortal,’’ Hamilton warned that it was necessary that ‘‘the creation of debt should always be accompanied with the means of extinguishment.’’ 
In other words, to retain and enjoy the pros-
perity that flows from good credit, it is nec-essary for a nation to pay its bills. 
Defaulting on the national debt would vitiate 
the full faith and credit of the United States, cost American jobs, hurt businesses of all sizes, and do irreparable damage to the econ-omy. 
On the other hand, suspending the national 
debt until March 15, 2017, is estimated by the Congressional Budget Office to create 340,000 additional American jobs in 2016 alone and more than 500,000 job-years in 
2017. 
Additionally, the Chairman of the Council of 
Economic Advisors forecasts that the indirect effect of increased certainty and confidence could further boost job creation and economic growth above these estimates. 
What is more, increased long-term growth 
and rising middle-class incomes can be ex-pected to result from the greater investments in human capital and infrastructure made pos-sible by the Bipartisan Budget Agreement. 
Madam Speaker, perhaps the most imme-
diate benefit of the Bipartisan Budget Agree-ment is that it paves the way for the House and Senate to reach agreement on the FY2016 spending bills needed to keep the federal government open and avoid another disastrous shutdown like the one House Re-publicans inflicted on the nation in October 2013. 
That shutdown lasted 16 days, cost the 
economy $24 billion, and inflicted untold harm on federal employees and the people they serve. 
Madam Speaker, the past several years 
have been an extraordinary time in America. 
We have seen the Legislative and Executive 
Branches of our government and the constitu-tional balance that the framers of the Constitu-tion intended regarding matters related to pub-lic purse tested. 
It is extraordinary when a matter that should 
be dealt with in the regular order of the busi-ness of the House and Senate becomes a matter so grave that a broad and diverse coa-lition call on Members of this body to do what we were elected to do: manage the business of the people through cooperation and com-promise. 
That is why we have heard from a broad 
and diverse range of American voices, includ-ing the AARP, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, the National Education Association, and the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, calling for the passage of the Bipartisan Budget Agreement. 
By supporting the Bipartisan Budget Agree-
ment we can show the American people that we understand that we were sent here to ad-dress their problems and concerns by working together to reach agreement that responsibly makes the investments needed to keep our nation competitive in a global economy and enables all of our people to reach their poten-tial and realize their dreams. 
UPDATED II: S OME OF THE KEYGROUPS SUP-
PORTING THE BIPARTISAN BUDGET AGREE -
MENT  
(October 28, 2015) 
AARP: ‘‘On behalf of our 38 million mem-
bers and as the largest nonprofit, non-partisan organization representing the inter-ests of Americans age 50 and older and their families, AARP strongly supports the bipar-tisan agreement you have reached to avert deep reductions in Social Security Disability Insurance benefits in 2016, and to address the imminent spike in Medicare Part B pre-miums which many older Americans would otherwise experience. . . . By finding a sen-sible solution to keep premiums manageable for over 16 million beneficiaries, Congress is helping to prevent financial hardship for many beneficiaries at a time when there is no Social Security cost of living adjustment. 
. . . Finally, AARP appreciates that the 
agreement modifies sequestration for discre-tionary programs for fiscal year 2016. The higher discretionary cap may prevent unwise cuts to countless programs serving older 
Americans. Sequestration relief for many health care, nutrition and supportive service programs is critically important to seniors as funding for them has declined over the past decade despite substantial increases in population requiring this assistance.’’ 
Center for Medicare Advocacy: ‘‘Congress 
is considering the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. This proposed budget agreement would reduce an expected spike in the Medicare Part B deductible and premiums for 2016. . . . We are glad people who rely on Medicare can breathe a bit easier—knowing that premiums and deductibles will not skyrocket next year.’’ 
Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities: 
The Consortium for Citizens with Disabil-ities’ (CCD) Fiscal Policy Task Force com-mends the House and Senate leadership for negotiating the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA). . . . We commend the negotiators for reaching a deal that provides relief from sequestration and raises the budget caps for discretionary programs in Fiscal Years 2016 and 2017. The package provides welcome sta-bility in the appropriations process and avoids a devastating 20% benefit cut in 2016 for Social Security Disability beneficiaries and their families.’’ 
Federation of American Hospitals: ‘‘The 
Federation of American Hospitals acknowl-edges that it is incumbent upon Congress to act on the debt ceiling and establish a fed-eral budget. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 agreement, which accomplishes these goals, includes Medicare cuts as offsets. . . . The FAH understands that Congressional leaders did their best to minimize the effects of these cuts on the hospitals that care for the nation’s seniors. By extending without increasing the overall effect of the Medicare sequester and focusing a limited payment change on certain physician-hospital ar-rangements, the bill is carefully crafted to meet its objectives.’’ 
American College of Physicians: ‘‘The 
American College of Physicians is pleased that today’s proposed bipartisan budget agreement will provide two years of relief from existing ‘sequestration’ level spending caps that could result in cuts to programs that are vital to the nation’s healthcare, in-cluding the National Institutes of Health, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and Primary Care Training Programs au-thorized by Section 747 of Title VII of the Public Health Service Act. . . . We [also] strongly support the proposal to ensure all new hospital acquisitions of private physi-cian practices would only be eligible for Medicare payments equal to those for the same care services provided in the free-standing, community-based setting.’’ 
American Academy of Family Physicians: 
‘‘On behalf of the Academy of Family Physi-cians (AAFP), which represents 120,900 fam-ily physicians and medical students across the country, I write in support of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015. . . . The AAFP notes that the bill will make two important reforms to Medicare. First, the bill will miti-gate an anticipated spike in 2016 in pre-miums and deductibles for America’s Medi-care Part B enrollees, which will help avoid disruption in access to physicians’ services to seniors. Second, the bill removes an incen-tive in the Medicare hospital outpatient pay-ment system that has driven health systems to purchase Physician practices, in turn in-creasing healthcare costs without any cor-responding benefit to patient care.’’ 
Chamber of Commerce: ‘‘The U.S. Chamber 
of Commerce . . . urges Congress to pass the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA2015) to bring certainty to next year’s appropriations process, raise the debt limit through March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.011 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7310 October 28, 2015 
15, 2017, strengthen America’s national secu-
rity, and constructively resolve a handful of other outstanding issues.’’ 
NETWORK: A National Catholic Social 
Justice Lobby: ‘‘NETWORK, A National Catholic Social Justice Lobby is encouraged to hear that a budget deal has been reached that will surpass sequester budget caps for the next two years and raise the debt ceiling to prevent a default on our nation’s financial obligations. . . . We are encouraged by the White House and Congressional leaderships’ work on the proposed budget deal that lifts the caps on non-defense spending. 
Unaddressed, sequester would have caused hardship for many hardworking and vulner-able people in our nation.’’ 
The Leadership Conference on Civil and 
Human Rights: ‘‘We applaud the White House and congressional leaders who nego-tiated the budget deal introduced late last night for their hard work in crafting a bipar-tisan, two-year bill that will raise the caps on spending for both defense and non-defense discretionary spending and provided needed relief for underfunded programs that serve our communities. 
Robert Greenstein, Center for Budget and 
Policy Priorities: ‘‘If approved by Congress, the new budget deal from the White House and congressional leaders will mark a sig-nificant achievement by an otherwise polar-ized Washington. . . . The package would ef-fectively eliminate about 90 percent of the sequestration budget cuts for non-defense discretionary programs in fiscal year 2016, and about 60 percent of them in 2017 . . . ex-tend the solvency of Social Security Dis-ability Insurance through 2022, thereby avoiding across-the-board cuts of nearly 20 percent in disability benefits starting in late 2016, which will otherwise occur, and avoid, for Medicare, an estimated 52 percent in-crease in deductibles for physician and other outpatient services in 2016, and a 52 percent increase in Part B premiums that roughly 30 percent of Medicare beneficiaries otherwise would face ....  The deal is a major, multi- 
faceted package that addresses a number of contentious issues. . . . Overall, the deal is a significant achievement that includes an array of sound policies and policy reforms and accomplishes important goals.’’ 
National Education Association: ‘‘On be-
half of the three million members of the Na-tional Education Association (NEA) and the students they serve, we urge you to Vote Yes on the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 which could be voted on as early as Wednesday. We applaud the bipartisan leadership exhibited to craft a bill that takes needed steps toward ending harmful sequester level funding so that necessary investments can be made in programs that will grow our economy and our future. Votes associated with this issue may be included in the NEA Legislative Re-port Card for the 114th Congress. 
Committee for Education Funding: ‘‘The 
Committee for Education Funding (CEF), a coalition of 122 national education associa-tions and institutions spanning early learn-ing to postgraduate education, writes to ex-press our support for the Bipartisan Budget Act (BBA) of 2015. The bill will eliminate most of the harmful sequester spending caps for nondefense discretionary (NDD) programs for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 and FY 2017, there-by providing room for critically important investments in education programs through appropriations.’’ 
League of Conservation Voters: ‘‘We com-
ment Leader Pelosi, Leader Reid, and Presi-dent Obama for negotiating a deal free of ideological attacks on our environment that finally ends the cuts that hamper invest-ment in our economy and the priorities of our families. We urge Congress to pass this budget deal and then pass a clean spending bill free of anti-environmental riders that 
fund all federal agencies at a level that al-lows them to continue protecting our air, water, lands and wildlife.’’ 
Easter Seals: ‘‘Easter Seals is encouraged 
by the framework presented in the Bipar-
tisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA). This com-promise is designed to restore order to the federal budget and appropriations process, and will allow for much needed investments in people with disabilities. A functioning, ef-fective federal government is critical to peo-ple with disabilities who disproportionately rely on government services to live, learn and work in their communities. We com-mend the negotiators for reaching a deal that provides partial relief from sequestra-tion and raises the budget caps for discre-tionary programs in Fiscal Year 2016 and 2017 and provides stability.’’ 
NDD United: ‘‘NDD United—an alliance of 
more than 2,500 national, state, and local or-ganizations working to protect investments in core government functions—strongly sup-ports and urges you to support the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA). This deal, brokered by all four corners of Congressional leadership and the President, restores crit-ical funding equally to both defense and non-defense spending that keeps Americans healthy, safe and secure and ensures that we do not risk the full faith and credit of the United States by suspending the debt ceiling through March 2017.’’ 
AAUW: ‘‘On behalf of the over 170,000 mem-
bers and supports of the American Associa-tion of University Women (AAUW), I urge Rep. Pelosi to support the Balanced Budget Act of 2015 (H.R. 1314). The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 lifts sequestration in a fair and responsible manner that ensures commu-nities are healthy, safe, and secure. Cuts as a result of sequestration take a direct toll on our communities. . . . We . . . saw cuts to . . . important programs such as food assist-ance programs for women and children, can-cer screenings, services for domestic violence survivors, and federal funding for low-in-come schools.’’ 
American Public Health Association: ‘‘The 
deal will allow Congress to provide much needed additional funding for nondefense dis-cretionary programs in 2016, including public health, which continues to be woefully un-derfunded. The proposal would also reduce a pending premium increase for many Medi-care Part B beneficiaries and extend the sol-vency of the Social Security Disability In-surance Trust Fund.’’ 
Alliance for Retired Americans: ‘‘The Alli-
ance for Retired Americans is relieved that this budget deal would protect millions of seniors from significant increases to their Medicare Part B deductibles while pre-venting a 20% cut to Social Security Dis-ability Insurance (SSDI) benefits in 2016. The reallocation between the Social Security Old Age and Survivors Insurance (OASI) and SSDI trust funds would prevent a massive cut in benefits for the disabled. The transfer would not impact the long-term solvency of Social Security.’’ 
AFL-CIO: ‘‘Congressional leaders and the 
President successfully eluded the traps set by a conservative faction in Congress who have tried to hold our economy hostage to achieve their radical agenda. The full faith and credit of the United States will be pre-served as we pay our bills on time—pre-venting brinksmanship over the debt until 2017. . . . It reduces the spike in [Medicare] deductibles for everyone and avoids a sharp increase in premiums for many. It ensures that 11 million Americans on Social Security Disability Insurance continue to receive full benefits through 2022.’’ 
SEIU: ‘‘This deal makes significant 
progress in eliminating some of the extraor-dinary hardship and uncertainty associated 
with the sequester—as well as helps to head off a catastrophic government shut-down. . .’’ 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
may I inquire how much time remains on this side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Maryland has 3
3⁄4minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield 2 minutes 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE), a great member of the Budg-
et Committee. 
Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, first, let 
me thank our ranking member, Con-gressman V
ANHOLLEN , for yielding and 
for his tremendous leadership on the Budget Committee. 
Also, to Leader P
ELOSI and to Speak-
er B OEHNER , I just have to thank you 
for demonstrating that we can work to-gether in a bipartisan way on behalf of the American people. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 1314, which is the bipar-tisan budget agreement of 2015. Let me just say, as a member of the Appropria-tions and Budget Committees, I really know how difficult it has been to get us to where we were today. So thank you very much. 
This budget deal, though, is not per-
fect. It averts a shutdown and prevents a catastrophic default on the Federal debt. Most importantly, though, it pro-vides relief from the sequester and it begins—it begins—to invest in the American people through programs like food stamps, a safety net which many, many people need until they are through this economic recession. 
We must do more to create good-pay-
ing jobs for individuals who want to work. This begins to invest in early childhood education and in public housing. 
This agreement also prevents a mas-
sive hike in healthcare costs for our seniors. So while this agreement is an important step forward, much work re-mains. 
It is past time that we start address-
ing the priorities of the American peo-ple, including passing bipartisan com-prehensive immigration reform, mak-ing education affordable and accessible from pre-K through college, investing in workforce training through our com-munity colleges, and building path-ways out of poverty. 
So, Madam Speaker, I urge my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this agree-ment so we can get Congress back to work putting people first. The Amer-ican Dream has really turned into a nightmare for so many. Hopefully, our action today will give people hope that the American Dream may be achiev-able. But we must do more. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.014 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7311 October 28, 2015 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE ), a terrific new 
Member of Congress. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman. 
Madam Speaker, for the cynics who 
believe that nothing can happen in Washington and that we are perma-nently doomed to disarray, this has been a very bad week. 
First, with the Export-Import Bank, 
we see a majority of Republicans and an overwhelming majority of Demo-crats come together and reach a bipar-tisan compromise, and now here again with this big budget agreement, some-thing that would avoid the cata-strophic default, the first in American history if it were to happen. 
Madam Speaker, I don’t agree with 
everything that is in this bill, but I agree with the majority of it. It is about time this body stopped allowing the 10 or 20 percent we disagree with to block the 70, 80, and 90 percent we agree with. This is a step in the right direction. This is progress. This is what we need to do more of. I am proud to support it. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
may I ask how much time remains on this side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Maryland has 45 seconds remaining. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Where we close is where we started. 
As we all recognize, this agreement is not perfect, but it certainly beats the alternative and is a positive step for-ward. 
It ensures the full faith and credit of 
the United States. We will pay our bills on time. It prevents damaging seques-ter cuts to our economy and allows us to invest more in education, in sci-entific research, and military readi-ness. 
It prevents a 20 percent cut to Social 
Security Disability beneficiaries, and it prevents a whopping Medicare part B increase for millions of American sen-iors. 
So, again, while many of us would 
like to see more—and I agree with those who have said that we need to in-vest more and address many of the other big issues our country faces—this is a positive step forward. 
Madam Speaker, I want to thank ev-
erybody who helped come together to make it possible. I urge its adoption. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, it has been my goal, 
as chairman of the Appropriations Committee for these 4 years, to get us back into regular order. 
When I first came here and for many 
years thereafter, we passed 12 indi-vidual appropriations bills funding the 
entire government, but separate bills so that every Member had a chance to dissect each of these bills, offer amend-ments, debate them, fight them, pro-mote them, what have you, but at least everyone had their day in court. 
Then somehow we got off on a tan-
gent to where we could not appropriate separate bills. So at the end of the fis-cal year, we had no choice but to pass what is called a continuing resolution, which means we just continue spending as we had for the last year, regardless of the needs of the moment. 
That is a terrible way to do business. 
Agencies, particularly the military, would not have a way to plan their work or to make orders or to deploy troops and the like, a terrible way to do business. We lurch from one crisis to another, it seems. 
b1645 
My goal has been just to get back to 
that business of appropriating 12 sepa-rate bills so that we don’t need a CR. We hear current needs. In a CR, you are spending money on projects no longer needed, but, nevertheless, they are required to spend the money, for example. A terrible waste of money. 
So to get back on track, the appro-
priations process, our committee needs to have a top line number to which we appropriate. We have not been getting that number for one reason or the other. But now in this bill, not only are we getting a number for fiscal ’16, which we will now use to write an om-nibus appropriations bill for current needs and finish it by September 11, the deadline, we will do that, but it will be made up of the bills that have passed both the House and Senate Ap-propriations Committees and in con-versations between the two bodies. 
Not only do we have the number for 
fiscal ’16, but we have it for fiscal ’17, and that is very important. It gives us a year to plan our work to try to mar-shal through 12 separate bills for the first time in many, many years so that we, with the Senate, can send to the President 12 bills that have the polish and the content put into it and on it by 
the Members of our bodies, the House and the Senate. That is my goal. That is why I am so strong for this bill. That is the biggest thing in it from my per-spective. 
It is important that we are helping 
our folks who are on Social Security Disability to take the worry away from them that they have that that fund will be drying up, which it will be. It is great that we are taking care of the problem with Medicare benefit in-creases, the interest on Medicare. It is important, very important, of course, that we avoid the default in our debt ceiling coming up momentarily. All of these things you have heard about in this debate are great. 
But for me, the 2 years that we have 
now to get back on regular order and stop lurching from crisis to crisis, to stop that business, this bill will give us that great chance. I urge Members to support the bill. It 
is a good one. It is not perfect, not ideal, by any stretch of the imagina-tion, but it is the best we can do with what we have, and the alternative would be disaster. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Madam Speak-
er, today the House is scheduled to consider the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 which would increase the discretionary spending caps for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 set in the Budget 
Control Act of 2011 and would include offsets over 10 years. While the legislation would pro-vide funding certainty for discretionary pro-grams in fiscal years 2016 and 2017, it has some concerning provisions as explained below. 
The bill provides additional resources for 
base discretionary non-defense spending far in excess of the levels in the fiscal year 2016 budget conference agreement (S. Con. Res. 11). The amount of base nondefense discre-tionary increases for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 are $30 billion and $15 billion, respec-tively, above the levels approved by Congress just over 5 months ago when the budget con-ference agreement was adopted. The bill also provides an additional adjustment through the Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism (OCO/GWOT) category of $14.9 billion for the State Department and Inter-national Affairs budget category, which is $7.9 billion—more than double—what the President requested in his FY16 Budget. If this adjust-ment becomes law, it will allow non-defense budgetary resources to be shifted from the base discretionary category, which has spend-ing limits, to the OCO/GWOT category which has no spending limits. When both the base and OCO/GWOT increases for non-defense are considered, the total non-defense increase for 2016 and 2017 is $37.9 billion and $22.9 billion, respectively, above the budget con-ference agreement. 
The bill also includes language that directs 
the Senate to file budget allocations in fiscal year 2017 at levels consistent with the discre-tionary amounts included in the bill and at the Congressional Budget Office baseline amounts for all other spending, unless a budg-et conference agreement is reached. This pro-vision makes it highly likely that regular order for the budget process in the Senate will be circumvented and that the Senate will not offer a new budget in fiscal year 2017. If this out-come occurs, it will further erode the integrity of the Congressional budget process by pre-venting a fiscal year 2017 budget from being adopted that reflects the will of the Majority in the House and Senate. It also means rec-onciliation will not be available for fiscal year 2017 and Congress will no longer have a bal-anced budget agreement in place. 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Bipartisan Budget Agree-ment of 2015. While I have concerns about portions of the bill, including the impact it may have on some of our hospitals, there are im-portant provisions in the bill that are essential to protecting the well-being of many Ameri-cans. 
For example, the bill provides two years of 
sequester relief, and allows us to increase our investments in critical areas, including edu-cation, housing, healthcare, transportation, homeland security, and defense. The agree-ment also suspends the debt limit until March 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.043 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7312 October 28, 2015 
15, 2017. This will allow us to get back on 
track and plan for the future rather than con-tinue governing from crisis to crisis. 
The measure keeps Medicare Part B pre-
mium costs down for millions of seniors and protects all Medicare beneficiaries from the projected increases in their deductibles. 
I am encouraged by this framework and 
hope that as the bill moves through the proc-ess, some of the areas of concern will be worked out and that we will be able to pass bipartisan appropriations measures for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. I urge my colleagues to support the Bipartisan Budget Agreement for the good of our country. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 495, 
the previous question is ordered. 
The question is on the motion to con-
cur by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Madam 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to concur will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 266, nays 167, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 579] 
YEAS—266 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Boehner Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly 
Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth 
NAYS—167 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock McKinley Meadows Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—2 
Hudson Meeks 
b1721 
Messrs. GUINTA, RUSSELL, Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER, and Mr. NUGENT changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mses. LEE and SEWELL of Alabama 
and Messrs. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia and M
CDERMOTT changed their vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to concur was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE 
SENATE 
A further message from the Senate 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 3819. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO SUDAN—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–71) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
EN-
KINS of West Virginia) laid before the 
House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accom-panying papers, referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States : 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.018 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7313 October 28, 2015 
Sudan is to continue in effect beyond 
November 3, 2015. 
The crisis constituted by the actions 
and policies of the Government of Sudan that led to the declaration of a national emergency in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, and the ex-pansion of that emergency in Execu-tive Order 13400 of April 26, 2006, and with respect to which additional steps were taken in Executive Order 13412 of October 13, 2006, has not been resolved. These actions and policies continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. There-fore, I have determined that it is nec-essary to continue the national emer-gency declared in Executive Order 13067 with respect to Sudan. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 28, 2015 . 
f 
b1730 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
STATE LICENSING EFFICIENCY 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2643) to direct the Attorney General to provide State officials with access to criminal history information with respect to certain financial serv-ice providers required to undergo State criminal background checks, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2643 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Li-
censing Efficiency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
Section 1511(a) of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage 
Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5110(a)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘State-licensed loan 
originators’’ the following: ‘‘and other finan-cial service providers’’; and 
(2) by inserting before the period the fol-
lowing: ‘‘or other financial service pro-viders’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2643, offered by my 
good friend and fellow Texan, Mr. W
IL-
LIAMS , is commonsense bipartisan leg-
islation that will address the unin-tended consequences of the SAFE Act. 
This bill passed the Committee on Fi-
nancial Services by a vote of 57–0. Be-fore I get into the details of this bill, I would like to thank the Texas Banking Commissioner, Charles Cooper, for his help and guidance as the committee considered this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2643 helps ensure a 
safe consumer financial marketplace by facilitating the licensing of certain financial services providers. 
Congress authorized the creation of 
the National Mortgage Licensing Sys-tem and Registry, the NMLS, to pro-vide a mechanism for licensing nation-wide of financial services providers. 
The mission of NMLS is to improve 
interstate coordination information sharing among regulators, increasing efficiencies for industry and enhanced consumer protection. 
Currently, the greater utility NMLS 
is frustrated by the FBI’s current stat-utory incapacity to enhance the plat-form by allowing additional financial service providers, other than mortgage loan originators, to be licensed under this system. 
When processing licenses, authorized 
State regulating agencies should have access to the most up-to-date criminal background information from the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation. For cer-tain classes of financial providers, that is not occurring. 
The FBI should not be hindered from 
bringing the same efficiency to the criminal background checks of finan-cial services personnel that the NMLS brought to the mortgage loan origina-tors. 
By enabling the State license agen-
cies to obtain these background checks, this bill will make the licens-ing process more efficient and poten-tially help qualified businesses get up and running more quickly. 
By enhancing the authority to proc-
ess criminal history records for licens-ing of financial service providers be-yond mortgage loan originators, this bill ensures that State financial regu-lators have the necessary tools to exer-
cise effective oversight. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear that 
this bill only affects financial services businesses which are already required to conduct background checks and which cannot currently use the NMLS system by Federal law. 
H.R. 2643 has the potential to reduce 
the time it takes to complete back-ground checks from anywhere between 2 days and 2 weeks to 24 hours under the expanded NMLS. 
At the end of 2014, there were 20,386 
professionals registered in the system. Nationwide there was a need to con-duct over 105,000 background checks outside of the system. 
It is estimated that this bill will re-
duce the number of background checks conducted outside the NMLS system by 80 percent and reduce the administra-tive and regulatory burden of State banking examiners to conduct them. 
In closing, I want to make two 
points. First, no authority to conduct background checks is created by this legislation. Second, no new licensing requirements are created by this legis-lation. 
I want to again thank the gentleman 
from Texas for his hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 27, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing 
concerning H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’ which was referred to your Committee as well as the Committee on the Judiciary. 
As a result of your having consulted with 
us on provisions in H.R. 2643 that fall within 
the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to discharge our Com-mittee from further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mu-tual understanding that by forgoing consid-eration of H.R. 2643 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you sup-port any such request. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Congres-sional Record during the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 27, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for 
your October 27th letter regarding H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.021 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7314 October 28, 2015 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forgo action on H.R. 2643 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that although you are waiving ac-tion on the bill, the Committee on the Judi-ciary is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In ad-dition, if a conference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
Finally, I shall be pleased to include your 
letter and this letter in our committee’s re-port on H.R. 2643 and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the same. 
Sincerely, 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2643, and I am proud to be an original cosponsor of this legislation. 
I want to briefly say a few words 
about Mr. W
ILLIAMS ’ bill, H.R. 2643, the 
State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015. 
This legislation is extremely impor-
tant. I am proud that this bill is a product of a bipartisan effort, a bipar-tisan effort that, in the last Congress, I was privileged to work with the Com-mittee on Financial Services chair emeritus, Chairman Bachus, on this legislation. 
Unfortunately, the clock ran out on 
the last Congress. So I am very pleased that Mr. W
ILLIAMS has taken up this 
legislation and gotten it to the floor. 
It just makes all the sense in the 
world to streamline criminal back-ground checks. I want to thank Mr. W
ILLIAMS and thank my colleague, Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , for championing this leg-
islation. 
I urge adoption of this bill. I have no 
further speakers on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
IL-
LIAMS ), the primary author of this bill. 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. I would also like to thank my colleague, Ms. M
OORE , for her hard work on this. I ap-
preciate it. 
H.R. 2643, the State Licensing Effi-
ciency Act, will expand the State’s ability to use a federally accepted reg-istry, the Nationwide Multistate Li-censing System, to expedite back-ground checks. 
For many State-licensed financial 
service providers, the current back-ground check process is inefficient, but this registry has a proven track record of being effective while also reducing regulatory burden. 
Under the SAFE Act, the current 
NMLS, developed by State banking commissioners, has been used to over-see the mortgage industry since 2008. To date, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors has channeled over 1.3 mil-lion fingerprint checks of mortgage loan originators. 
Citing an absence in Federal law, the 
FBI has prevented its use to conduct background checks for other financial services, including money transmit-
ters, debt collectors, pawnbrokers, and check cashers. 
Whereas a State wishing to conduct a 
criminal background check through traditional means may wait several weeks and sometimes even months for their response, NMLS communicates directly with the FBI and often re-ceives the same results, as we have heard, in just 24 hours. 
H.R. 2643 would expand the current 
system to include those financial serv-ice providers who are already licensed by the State and require a Federal background check. 
The NMLS provides increased col-
laboration between State banking de-partments, reduces the risk of bad ac-tors by preventing them from con-tinuing to operate, and improves the safety and soundness of the financial system as a whole. In short, NMLS pro-vides an added level of assurance to community banks that their business customers and vendors are operating legally. 
Supported by the Conference of State 
Bank Supervisors, expanding the use of NMLS provides State regulators a se-cure and efficient means by which to conduct background checks on license applicants. 
I want to be clear. As we have heard 
in the past, this bill does not create any requirements for background checks or fingerprints, but greatly in-creases efficiency and transparency. 
In addition, by no means does this 
bill encourage States to require or mandate States to license or register any additional class of financial serv-ice providers. 
This act authorizes only State-li-
censed loan originators and other State-licensed financial service pro-viders to be processed through NMLS for background checks authorized under the laws of the State. Simply put, by expanding its use, NMLS will save industry and, ultimately, the con-sumer money. 
At the end of 2014, there were around 
20,386 professionals registered in the NMLS system. Those individuals, as we have heard, required over 105,000 back-ground checks outside the NMLS sys-tem. If our bill becomes law, we would reduce that number by 80 percent be-
cause we would be using one system in-stead of 50, saving industry $1.1 million by removing duplicate background checks. 
Finally, in my home State of Texas, 
the expansion of NMLS is supported by State Banking Commissioner Charles Cooper, who we talked about tonight. I want to take a moment to thank Com-missioner Cooper for his leadership on this issue. 
In addition, I want to thank my own 
staff and the staff of CSBS, who have worked tirelessly to support our efforts in pushing this legislation through. Without them and the support of my colleagues on the committee and Chairman H
ENSARLING , none of this 
would be possible. I thank Chairman N
EUGEBAUER , and I thank Ms. M OORE . Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 
2643. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2643. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1745 
SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 623) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to au-thorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and 
insert: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Social 
Media Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 318. SOCIAL MEDIA WORKING GROUP. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish within the Department a social media working group (in this section referred to as the ‘Group’). 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—In order to enhance the dis-
semination of information through social media technologies between the Department and ap-propriate stakeholders and to improve use of so-cial media technologies in support of prepared-ness, response, and recovery, the Group shall identify, and provide guidance and best prac-tices to the emergency preparedness and re-sponse community on, the use of social media technologies before, during, and after a natural disaster or an act of terrorism or other man- made disaster. 
‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Membership of the Group 
shall be composed of a cross section of subject matter experts from Federal, State, local, tribal, territorial, and nongovernmental organization practitioners, including representatives from the following entities: 
‘‘(A) The Office of Public Affairs of the De-
partment. 
‘‘(B) The Office of the Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Department. 
‘‘(C) The Privacy Office of the Department. ‘‘(D) The Federal Emergency Management 
Agency. 
‘‘(E) The Office of Disability Integration and 
Coordination of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency. 
‘‘(F) The American Red Cross. ‘‘(G) The Forest Service. ‘‘(H) The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention. 
‘‘(I) The United States Geological Survey. ‘‘(J) The National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.035 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7315 October 28, 2015 
‘‘(2) C HAIRPERSON ; CO-CHAIRPERSON .— 
‘‘(A) C HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary, or a des-
ignee of the Secretary, shall serve as the chair-person of the Group. 
‘‘(B) C
O-CHAIRPERSON .—The chairperson shall 
designate, on a rotating basis, a representative from a State or local government who is a mem-ber of the Group to serve as the co-chairperson of the Group. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The chairperson 
shall appoint, on a rotating basis, qualified in-dividuals to the Group. The total number of such additional members shall— 
‘‘(A) be equal to or greater than the total 
number of regular members under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) not fewer than 3 representatives from the 
private sector; and 
‘‘(ii) representatives from— ‘‘(I) State, local, tribal, and territorial enti-
ties, including from— 
‘‘(aa) law enforcement; ‘‘(bb) fire services; ‘‘(cc) emergency management; and ‘‘(dd) public health entities; ‘‘(II) universities and academia; and ‘‘(III) nonprofit disaster relief organizations. ‘‘(4) T
ERM LIMITS .—The chairperson shall es-
tablish term limits for individuals appointed to the Group under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSULTATION WITHNON-MEMBERS .—To 
the extent practicable, the Group shall work with entities in the public and private sectors to carry out subsection (b). 
‘‘(e) M
EETINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Group shall hold its initial meeting. 
‘‘(2) S
UBSEQUENT MEETINGS .—After the initial 
meeting under paragraph (1), the Group shall meet— 
‘‘(A) at the call of the chairperson; and ‘‘(B) not less frequently than twice each year. ‘‘(3) V
IRTUAL MEETINGS .—Each meeting of the 
Group may be held virtually. 
‘‘(f) R EPORTS .—During each year in which the 
Group meets, the Group shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: 
‘‘(1) A review and analysis of current and 
emerging social media technologies being used to support preparedness and response activities re-lated to natural disasters and acts of terrorism and other man-made disasters. 
‘‘(2) A review of best practices and lessons 
learned on the use of social media technologies during the response to natural disasters and acts of terrorism and other man-made disasters that occurred during the period covered by the report at issue. 
‘‘(3) Recommendations to improve the Depart-
ment’s use of social media technologies for emer-gency management purposes. 
‘‘(4) Recommendations to improve public 
awareness of the type of information dissemi-nated through social media technologies, and how to access such information, during a nat-ural disaster or an act of terrorism or other man-made disaster. 
‘‘(5) A review of available training for Fed-
eral, State, local, tribal, and territorial officials on the use of social media technologies in re-sponse to a natural disaster or an act of ter-rorism or other man-made disaster. 
‘‘(6) A review of coordination efforts with the 
private sector to discuss and resolve legal, oper-ational, technical, privacy, and security con-cerns. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF GROUP .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Group shall terminate 
on the date that is 5 years after the date of en-actment of this section unless the chairperson renews the Group for a successive 5-year period, prior to the date on which the Group would oth-erwise terminate, by submitting to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-
tives a certification that the continued existence of the Group is necessary to fulfill the purpose described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTINUED RENEWAL .—The chairperson 
may continue to renew the Group for successive 5-year periods by submitting a certification in accordance with paragraph (1) prior to the date on which the Group would otherwise termi-nate.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 317 the following: 
‘‘Sec. 318. Social media working group.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) and the 
gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C ARSON ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 623, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As disasters become more frequent 
and severe, it is critical that emer-gency managers and citizens take ad-vantage of new technologies to send and receive critical information. 
Social media has become an essential 
tool in the preparedness, response, and recovery for all hazards, whether nat-ural or manmade. We saw how critical social media was in relaying informa-tion following Hurricane Sandy, the Boston Marathon bombing, and, just a few weeks ago, during Hurricane Joa-quin and the historic flooding in South Carolina. Social media helps reach peo-ple in need, helps get the right infor-mation into the hands of the public, helps organize volunteers, and can be a source of critical on-the-ground infor-mation to decisionmakers. 
H.R. 623, as amended by the Senate, 
would require DHS to establish a social media working group to enhance the use of social media to support pre-paredness, response, and recovery of all hazards. This group will be required to report to Congress on an annual basis on its findings, emerging trends, and best practices. 
I commend the gentlewoman from In-
diana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ) for sponsoring this 
legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, H.R. 623, the DHS Social Media Im-provement Act of 2015, was introduced by my good friend and colleague from Indiana, Congresswoman S
USAN  
BROOKS . 
The bill, Mr. Speaker, was referred to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and to the Committee on Homeland Security. This bill codi-
fies the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’s Social Media Working Group to enhance the use of social media during disasters and other events, and to pro-vide guidance and best practices in emergency preparedness and response. Social media, especially Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube, can play a critical role in preparedness, response, and recovery operations during emer-gencies. 
Emergency managers at all levels use 
social media to warn those in harm’s way of impending natural hazards. So-cial media is also used to inform sur-vivors on how to access disaster assist-ance and tips for speedier recoveries. Equally important, Mr. Speaker, social media has been used to coordinate and manage assistance from nonprofits and volunteers who want to help in recov-ery efforts. 
More and more, we are seeing indi-
viduals take to social media during emergencies. Individuals have used so-cial media to help identify locations where assistance may still be needed and to raise awareness of impending hazards. They have also used it, Mr. Speaker, to communicate with loved ones who may be impacted by an event as well as reconnect pets with their owners. This has certainly been the case in the great Hoosier State. 
This last summer, Mr. Speaker, will 
go down as the wettest summer in Indi-anapolis history. Rainfall in July broke a 140-year-old record in our great city, making it the wettest month ever recorded, and social media helped keep residents informed in real time. In In-dianapolis, the National Weather Serv-ice, Department of Homeland Security, and local broadcasters routinely used social media to post updates on ever- changing weather conditions. 
The very unique benefit of social 
media alerts is that you don’t have to be right next to a radio or TV to be in-formed; you can virtually be anywhere. This summer, when dangerous flooding covered many roads in our city, social media exploded with pictures of flooded roadways and stranded motorists. This nontraditional tool enabled people to know where major problems were lo-cated and to avoid danger with the fa-mous catchphrase, ‘‘Turn Around Don’t Drown.’’ 
The existing DHS Social Media 
Working Group provides recommenda-tions on how to use social media be-fore, during, and after emergencies. This working group, Mr. Speaker, con-sists of emergency responders, NGOs, nonprofits, and Federal agencies. 
I support the provisions in today’s 
bill to broaden the group’s membership to include private sector representa-tives and to require consultation with nonmembers. 
To ensure accountability, this re-
quires an annual report to Congress on important issues, such as best prac-tices and lessons learned. It would also provide recommendations on how to improve the use of the social media 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.023 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7316 October 28, 2015 
platform for emergency management 
purposes. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, we recognize 
the importance of this platform for emergency management. I would be re-miss not to remind our colleagues of the need to authorize the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, also known as IPAWS. 
As the committee of primary juris-
diction over IPAWS, the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee unanimously approved the Barletta- Carson IPAWS authorization bill back in April and ordered the bill reported. It is past time for this bill to be consid-ered in the House. 
Despite the Senate’s inadvertent 
omission of the Transportation and In-frastructure Committee, I support this bill, Mr. Speaker, and I urge our col-leagues to do the same to approve this measure. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), 
the sponsor of this bill. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 623, the DHS Social Media Improvement Act of 2015. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Pennsylvania for his management of the bill and, also, my good friend and colleague from the State of Indiana, Congressman C
ARSON . Both of us have 
served in public safety in the past, and so it is especially gratifying that he is managing the bill as well this evening. 
Social media, as we have heard, is 
transforming the way the Nation is communicating before, during, and after terrorist attacks, natural disas-ters, and other emergencies. There are countless examples from recent events of how citizens are turning to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and even Snapchat for public safety infor-mation, to comfort survivors, tell loved ones they are safe, and request assist-ance. 
As has already been mentioned, citi-
zens of South Carolina used social media to communicate with first re-sponders, friends, and families after heavy rainfall caused destructive flash flooding across the State. 
Additionally, a quarter of Ameri-
cans—let me repeat, a quarter of Amer-icans—got information about the dev-astating terrorist attack at the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing from Facebook and Twitter. 
Citizens are not the only ones using 
social media during and after an emer-gency. First responders are proactively using social media as a force multiplier to get vital information out. For exam-ple, immediately following the ter-rorist attack and during the manhunt, the Boston PD utilized social media as a way to communicate with and solicit information from citizens and visitors. 
These are just a few of the hundreds 
of examples that demonstrate the prev-alence of social media use before, dur-ing, and after an emergency. In the 113th Congress, I served as the 
chair of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Subcommittee on Emer-gency Preparedness, Response, and Communications. The subcommittee held two hearings that focused on this new phenomenon, and I learned at that time that while the Nation is making great strides in this area, gaps and challenges remain. 
One of the key takeaways, however, 
was that during and after a terrorist attack, natural disaster, or other emer-gency, there is still a need for better communication between the public and the private sectors, specifically, with how to utilize social media as a com-munication tool. 
So last year, I was proud to work 
with the ranking member, Congress-man P
AYNE , to find ways to better uti-
lize social media during disasters by leveraging both public and private re-sources and experiences. 
The bill passed with overwhelming 
support last Congress and, after re-introduction this Congress, I am pleased to say, in February, the House again resoundingly agreed to its pas-sage. 
H.R. 623, while authorizing and en-
hancing the Department of Homeland Security’s existing social media group, essentially what it does is it ensures that best practices and lessons learned on the use of social media during ter-rorist attacks or disasters are being discussed and shared with Federal, State, and local first responders, non-governmental organizations, academia, and the private sector. 
Currently, the Virtual Social Media 
Working Group is made up primarily of State and local officials, and they are doing great work and developing guid-ance. However, this bill will increase the group’s stakeholder participation, particularly among the private sector and the Federal response agencies. 
So by including private sector groups 
like Google and Twitter and Facebook, we know it will improve coordination and relief efforts. Also, as we have al-ready heard, it will require the group to submit an annual report to Congress highlighting best practices, lessons learned, and any recommendations. Fi-nally, this bill will require the group to meet, in person or virtually, at least twice a year, and will not be a financial burden on the Department. 
I appreciate the swift action of the 
Senate Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Committee. I especially want to thank Chairman J
OHNSON for 
his leadership on this issue. Their thoughtful additions have served to further improve the bill. 
I also want to thank Chairman S
HU-
STER and Chairman B ARLETTA of the 
Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for working with me to get this bill to the floor, and also my suc-cessor at EPRC, Ms. M
CSALLY , for con-
tinuing to make this issue a priority. 
Finally, I want to thank the staff, be-
cause we know that this bill and the improvements with technology will save lives, and it will make our first re-
sponders and those in danger safer. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 623. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NORTHERN BORDER SECURITY 
REVIEW ACT 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 455) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a north-ern border threat analysis, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 455 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern 
Border Security Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a Northern Border threat anal-ysis that includes— 
(1) current and potential terrorism and 
criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking to— 
(A) enter the United States through the 
Northern Border; or 
(B) exploit border vulnerabilities along the 
Northern Border; 
(2) improvements needed at and between 
ports of entry along the Northern Border to— 
(A) prevent terrorists and instruments of 
terror from entering the United States; and 
(B) reduce criminal activity, as measured 
by the total flow of illegal goods, illicit drugs, and smuggled and trafficked persons moved in either direction across the North-ern Border; 
(3) gaps in law, policy, cooperation between 
State, local, and tribal law enforcement, 
international agreements, or tribal agree-ments that hinder effective and efficient bor-der security, counter-terrorism, anti-human smuggling and trafficking efforts, and the flow of legitimate trade along the Northern Border; and 
(4) an analysis of whether additional U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection preclearance and pre-inspection operations at ports of entry along the Northern Border could help prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States. 
(b) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—For the 
threat analysis required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consider and examine— 
(1) technology needs and challenges; (2) personnel needs and challenges; (3) the role of State, local, and tribal law 
enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.054 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7317 October 28, 2015 
(4) the need for cooperation among Fed-
eral, State, local, tribal, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; and 
(5) the terrain, population density, and cli-
mate along the Northern Border. 
(c) C
LASSIFIED THREAT ANALYSIS .—To the 
extent possible, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit the threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a) in unclassified form. The Secretary may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines such is appropriate. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
(B) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
(2) N ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-
ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. K ATKO ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
455, the Northern Border Security Re-view Act, and urge its passage. This legislation would require the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to conduct a much-needed threat analysis of cur-rent and potential threats along our Nation’s vast northern border. 
As a former Federal prosecutor on 
both the northern border in New York and the southern border in El Paso, Texas, not to mention my time as a Federal prosecutor on the island of Puerto Rico, I have seen firsthand the challenges our Nation faces to counter violent drug trafficking organizations, organized crime syndicates, and human trafficking that transit across our Na-tion’s border. 
While great attention is justifiably 
given to the challenges of securing our southern border, ensuring the safety of our vast northern border is also crit-ical to our Nation’s security. It has been well documented that several major terrorist plots have been discov-ered and disrupted along the northern border in recent years. 
b1800 
Ahmed Ressam, the so-called millen-
nium bomber, was entering Washington State from Canada with a concealed 
bomb intended to detonate at LAX Air-port when he was arrested by alert Cus-toms agents in 1999. 
In 2013, with the help of our Canadian 
allies, the FBI and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police thwarted an attempt to derail and kill passengers on a train between New York and Toronto, which became known as the VIA rail plot. 
As chairman of the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee’s bipartisan Foreign Fighters Task Force, I recently exam-ined other vulnerabilities at our border associated with foreign fighter travel. Unfortunately, neither the United States nor Canada is immune to the threat of foreign fighters who may be inspired by groups like ISIS or other-wise radicalized online from others abroad. 
Among the findings of the bipartisan 
Task Force was the identification of security weaknesses that are putting the U.S. homeland in danger by mak-ing it easier for foreign fighters to mi-grate to terrorist hotspots and for jihadists to return to the West. One such vulnerability stems from our vast northern border that we share with Canada. Along this border, we face a number of unique challenges both geo-graphically and jurisdictionally. 
Complicating the current under-
standing of the security needs along our northern border is the administra-tion’s decision to stop providing metrics to Congress in 2010 that identi-fied the number of miles under oper-ational control. 
In that year, the Government Ac-
countability Office reported that only 69 miles, or about 2 percent of the northern border’s 4,000 miles, were under operational control. Let me re-peat that. Only 2 percent of our north-ern border is under operational control. 
To address this lack of information 
with regard to the state of northern border security, this legislation re-quires that an assessment be conducted to analyze a variety of issues facing the northern border. These include po-tential terrorist threats, potential im-provements, gaps in law or policy, and illegal border activity. 
This analysis is intended to better in-
form any resources that are needed along the border to increase oper-ational control and legislation that can result therefrom. 
I recently had the opportunity to 
spend time with CBP officers and agents at the Port of Oswego in my dis-trict. I am continually impressed with their ability to carry out their duties in incredibly difficult situations. 
This bill will help them better secure 
our Nation’s borders, as it will give our agents and officers the tools and infor-mation needed to better do their jobs. 
Previous analyses of the northern 
border have largely focused on drug trafficking and lack a holistic security approach to the issues that are unique along the northern border. 
The analysis required in this bill will 
provide Customs and Border Protection with the foundation needed to address 
all threats at and between ports of entry along the northern border. It will also provide Congress with the infor-mation necessary to conduct proper oversight. 
In my 10 months in office, I have 
worked vigorously to address known challenges that the Department of Homeland Security faces. Since Janu-ary, I, along with both my Republican and Democratic colleagues, have intro-duced seven pieces of legislation that address transportation and border se-curity issues and hope that this will be the third bipartisan bill that we send to the President’s desk. 
This final product embodies the es-
sence of bipartisanship, and I am proud to say that all Americans will benefit from the work my colleagues and I have done to secure our northern bor-der. 
My colleagues and I understand we 
have a lot more work to do, and I promise we will continue to provide diligent oversight of the Department of Homeland Security. When we see a problem at this agency, we work swift-ly together in a bipartisan manner with our Democratic brothers and sis-ters to address it. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan legislation. 
I would like to thank Subcommittee 
on Border and Maritime Security Chairman C
ANDICE MILLER for her sup-
port, along with my fellow northern border colleagues who have joined as cosponsors. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HIGGINS. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 455, the Northern Border Secu-rity Review Act, introduced by my friend, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ). 
The bill before us would direct the 
Secretary of Homeland Security to pre-pare a northern border threat analysis. There has long been an intent focus on the southern border and the many challenges faced there. While this is undoubtedly justified, the northern border has often been neglected in this process. 
The Northern Border Security Re-
view Act takes steps to correct this disparity by requiring an analysis of terror threats posed by individuals en-tering through the northern border as well as improvements needed at and between ports to prevent their entry. 
I was pleased that two of my amend-
ments were adopted in committee. The first required an analysis of whether the implementation of preclearance and preinspection at additional ports of entry would enhance our security and prevent terrorists from entering the United States. 
A preinspection pilot at the Peace 
Bridge in Buffalo was conducted in early 2014 and was deemed a success. It demonstrated the potential to effi-ciently process cargo while also ena-bling Customs and Border Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.024 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7318 October 28, 2015 
to conduct inspections and interdict 
threats before they reach the United States. 
The historic preclearance agreement 
reached between the United States and Canada earlier this year paved the way for implementation of permanent preinspection and preclearance at the Peace Bridge and other locations. 
The second amendment would require 
an analysis of the number of additional Customs and Border Protection officers and agents needed to properly staff the northern border. Persistent staffing shortages have resulted in wait times that discourage economic activity while also leaving us vulnerable to a number of threats. 
That is why I was disappointed that 
this language was weakened during ne-gotiations with the Senate. Having ac-curate information on the number of personnel required to detect illicit ac-tivity while facilitating legitimate trade and travel is vital. It is my hope that analysis on staffing requirements is included in forthcoming legislation. 
H.R. 455 will help ensure that we bet-
ter understand the threats facing the northern border so we can understand how best to address them. With that in mind, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, if the gen-
tleman from New York has no further speakers, I am prepared to close once the gentleman does. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ), 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA), 
and the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) for their great leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, the good news is that 
we on the Committee on Homeland Se-curity work together very well on many of these issues. 
I rise to support the Northern Border 
Security Review Act, H.R. 455. My col-league from Texas (Mr. V
ELA) is the 
ranking member. I am delighted to be able to support a bill that captures all of what we have been speaking of over the years. 
As a member of Homeland Security, 
there are two borders. There is the southern border, for which I certainly have concern, as a Representative from Texas, but there is also the northern border. I am glad to say I have been to the northern border, walked along the northern border. 
Let me say thank you for the aspects 
of this bill. H.R. 455 directs the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to submit a classified northern border threat analysis on terrorism threats posed by individuals seeking to enter the United States, improvements needed at ports of entry, gaps in law, policy, inter-national agreements, illegal cross-bor-der activity, and the scope of the bor-der security challenges. 
This is a complete picture of the Na-
tion’s border, including whether addi-tional preclearance and preinspection 
by CBP at ports of entry along the northern border could help prevent ter-rorists and their instruments from en-tering the United States. 
Canada has been a longstanding 
friend. I believe anytime that we can enhance both the relationship and the security of the U.S.-Canadian border, the northern border, it is a very posi-tive step forward for the Nation’s secu-rity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to 
join me in supporting H.R. 455, the Northern Border Security Review Act. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Homeland Security, a former ranking member of its Border and Maritime Security Sub-committee, and a co-sponsor, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 455, the ‘‘Northern Bor-der Security Review Act.’’ 
I would like to thank Chairman M
CCAULand 
Ranking Member T HOMPSON of the Homeland 
Security Committee and Chairman M ILLER and 
Ranking Member V ELAof the Border and Mari-
time Security Subcommittee for their work on this vital legislation. 
Their leadership, coupled with input from 
members of the Homeland Security Com-mittee and the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, have helped make this com-mon sense legislation a reality. 
I very much appreciate the bipartisan spirit 
Chairman M
ILLER has displayed as we worked 
together on many border security initiatives over the past several years. 
The security of the Northern Border is an 
important area of concern in the effort to se-cure our homeland and keep it safe from those who would do us harm. 
BILL OVERVIEW  
H.R. 455 directs the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to submit a classified northern border threat analysis, which shall include analyses of: 
1. terrorism threats posed by individuals 
seeking to enter the United States through the northern border; 
2. improvements needed at ports of entry 
along the northern border to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; 
3. gaps in law, policy, international agree-
ments, or tribal agreements that hinder the border security and counterterrorism efforts along the northern border; 
4. illegal cross border activity between ports 
of entry, including the maritime borders of the Great Lakes; 
5. the scope of border security challenges 
that shall include the terrain, population den-sity, and climate along the northern border; and 
6. whether additional preclearance and pre- 
inspection by the CBP at ports of entry along the northern border could help prevent terror-ists and their instruments from entering the United States. 
CANADA -U.S. BORDER  
Mr. Speaker, at 5,524 miles, the border sep-
arating Canada and United States is the long-est contiguous international border in the world. 
In contrast, the border separating the United 
States and Mexico is only Mexico border is only 1,951 miles long. 
The border with Canada is significantly easi-
er to cross, due to less Border Patrol per-sonnel. The United States has approximately 1,000 
Border Patrol agents assigned to the northern border but more than 11,000 patrolling its southern border with Mexico. 
TRAVEL BETWEEN CANADA AND U .S. 
In 2009, there were 39,254,000 trips by Ca-
nadians to the United States. 
In 2010, 20,213,500 Americans traveled to 
Canada from the United States. 
Over 15,700,000 people flew on commercial 
flights between Canada and the U.S. in 2010. 
CANADIAN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS IN U S . 
Current estimates show there to be around 
600,000 undocumented Canadian immigrants working in the United States. 
Canadian citizens are not required to obtain 
visas; instead as Canadian citizens they are eligible for visa waivers which do not expire for six months. 
CONCLUSION  
Mr. Speaker, the security of homeland re-
quires that we have increased situational awareness and resources to respond to threats on the nation’s northern, as well as southern border. 
H.R. 455 makes a positive contribution in 
this effort and I urge all Members to join me in voting for its passage. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I briefly just want to thank the gen-
tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE) and the gentleman from New 
York (Mr. H IGGINS ) for their comments. 
They echo the sentiments that I be-lieve firmly, that the Homeland Secu-rity Subcommittee is probably the most bipartisan committee in Con-gress. It is an honor to be a part of it. It is an honor to serve with my col-leagues I just mentioned and the oth-ers. 
Every single bill we have has bipar-
tisan support. Every single bill seems to be like we are all on the same page, and that is really important when we have national security issues at hand. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, too often in Congress 
our debate on border security is long on political rhetoric and short on sub-stance. Development of a substantive and thorough analysis of border secu-rity threats is essential to decision-making at all levels about how best to respond. This bill will help us do just that. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
455, the Northern Border Security Re-view Act, to help us understand and ul-timately address any threats along our border with Canada. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 455. This bill is going to form the foundation for properly securing the northern border once and for all. 
While our Canadian brothers and sis-
ters are indeed our friends, the fact re-mains that bad people in Canada are intent on coming to the United States and vice versa and are intent on doing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.058 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7319 October 28, 2015 
harm here. We must secure our bor-
ders. 
Having a 98 percent open border with 
Canada is absolutely unacceptable. This bill is the first step in moving to-wards securing that border in a proper manner by making sure that we do a proper analysis once and for all, which I am not sure has ever been done in this manner. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 455, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
BIPARTISANSHIP IN CONGRESS 
(Mr. TAKAI asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, this week 
Congress voted on the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. Moments ago we just cleared a bipartisan budg-et, which now makes its way to the Senate. Through this budget, we lift our debt ceiling and increase our de-fense and nondefense spending equally for 2 years and we avoid a government shutdown. 
I agree with many of my colleagues 
that we must reduce our Nation’s grow-ing debt, but we need to make sure that we do not do so at the expense of our country’s future and our ability to compete in a changing global economy. 
We, as Congress, need to come to-
gether to find long-term, bipartisan, commonsense solutions rather than play politics with our national secu-rity, economy, and the well-being of its people. 
Tomorrow the House of Representa-
tives votes for a new Speaker. I hope that, under this new leadership, we see a change in how we govern. I hope Con-gress will no longer shy away from ad-dressing the tough issues. I hope we can come together, both Republicans and Democrats, to get the people’s work done. 
f 
HEAD START 
(Mr. M CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the students, parents, staff, alumni, and supporters of Head Start as they celebrate Head Start Awareness Month and 50 years of service to our Nation’s most vulnerable children. 
On May 18, 1965, President Lyndon B. 
Johnson launched Project Head Start as an 8-week summer demonstration project to teach low-income students essential skills to prepare them for 
kindergarten. 
Since that date, Head Start has 
served 32 million children and families across the country, providing them with the tools they need to build suc-cessful futures, helping to ensure a quality education and access to health care and social services. Head Start is a critical investment in the education of our Nation’s youngest children. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that, as a body, 
we reaffirm our investment in the chil-dren who are the future of this coun-try. I urge my colleagues to support bi-partisan efforts to give all of America’s children a head start in life and an open door to opportunity. 
f 
b1815 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S CLEAN 
POWER PLAN 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of President Obama’s Clean Power Plan, and I would like to applaud the 10,000 men and women, Af-rican American faith leaders, who are engaged, involved, and committed to clean air. These faith leaders represent 13 million African American church-goers who remain steadfast and unmovable in their cause to combat the negative impact of climate change. 
Mr. Speaker, members of the Con-
gressional Black Caucus tomorrow will receive the signatures and public state-ments of those demanding that this body fully support President Obama’s Clean Power Plan. Nearly 40 percent of the 6 million Americans living close to coal-fired power plants are people of color and disproportionately African Americans. 
Pollution and damaging toxins from 
these plants are responsible for thou-sands of premature deaths, higher risk of asthma attacks, respiratory disease, and hundreds of thousands missed workdays. 
I believe this Congress can hear the 
Black church and work together. The Black church and their fearless leaders for generations have stood united on critical social, economic, and moral imperatives that are meant to strengthen the communities they rep-resent. They have been in the fore-front, like Dr. Martin Luther King, who walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with our colleague, J
OHNLEWIS, 
for voting rights. 
Climate change and their support for 
the Clean Power Plan is no different. They are in the forefront. As they state in their letter to us, ‘‘The Bible speaks passionately about the importance of stewardship for God’s creation,’’ and they believe that Obama’s Power Plan calls them to action. 
Mr. Speaker, I join with these ladies 
and gentlemen in their dedication to saving lives. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support 
of President Obama’s ‘‘Clean Power Plan.’’ 
I would like to applaud the more than 
10,000 men and women African American 
faith leaders. 
These faith leaders represent 13 million Afri-
can American church-goers who remain stead-fast and unmovable in their cause to combat the negative impact of climate change. 
Tomorrow, Members of the Congressional 
Black Caucus to receive the signatures and public statements of those demanding that this body fully support President Obama’s Clean Power Plan. 
Nearly 40 percent of the six million Ameri-
cans living close to coal-fired power plants are people of color and disproportionately African American. 
Pollution and damaging toxins from these 
plants are responsible for thousands of pre-mature deaths, higher risks of asthma attacks, respiratory disease, and hundreds of thou-sands of missed workdays. 
The Black Church and their fearless lead-
ers, for generations, have stood united on crit-ical social and economic moral imperatives that are meant to strengthen the communities they represent. 
Climate change and their support for the 
Clean Power Plan are no different. 
As they state in their letter to us: ‘‘The Bible 
speaks passionately about the importance of stewardship for God’s creation. And President Obama’s Clean Power Plan echoes God’s call.’’ 
Once again, I salute these dedicated men 
and women of God and for the vital work they are doing on this important issue. 
f 
FOCUSING ON WORKING FAMILIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the sub-ject of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, about 1 year ago, Speaker B
OEHNER and Senate Majority Leader 
MCCONNELL described a vision for the 
114th Congress. It included ‘‘focusing first on jobs and the economy.’’ They looked forward to helping middle class Americans ‘‘frustrated by an increas-ing lack of opportunity, the stagnation of wages, and a government that seems incapable of performing even basic tasks.’’ 
In the time since, they have done 
nothing but protect big businesses enjoy record profits, attack immi-grants, and help polluters continue the destruction of our environment. 
This body has voted four times in 
support of the Confederate battle flag, but we have taken no votes on legisla-tion that will level the playing field for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.060 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7320 October 28, 2015 
working Americans. This body has 
voted against a solid, long-term trans-portation and infrastructure bill five times, and we have taken no votes on legislation to boost American wages. This body has voted countless times to undermine the Affordable Care Act or endanger women’s access to health care, but we have taken no votes on legislation to help families balance the needs of work and their personal lives. That is in spite of statements from Members like the Republican nominee for Speaker who just last week indi-cated he wouldn’t run for the position unless he would be allowed to set aside time to spend with his family. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I are 
here on the floor tonight to call for a shift in focus. We were elected to en-sure everyday Americans have a fight-ing chance and opportunities to suc-ceed. We need to change gears to get to work on an agenda for working fami-lies. We need to pass legislation that would give workers the ability to bal-ance work and family needs, bills like the Healthy Families Act, the Family and Medical Insurance Leave Act, the Schedules That Work Act, and the Strong Start for America’s Children Act. We need to pass legislation that will give workers paychecks that actu-ally give them a chance to make ends meet, bills like the Raise the Wage Act, the WAGE Act, and the Payroll Fraud Prevention Act. 
We need to pass legislation that will 
give every American a chance to suc-ceed and climb into the middle class regardless of gender, sexual orienta-tion, or any other quality, bills like the Paycheck Fairness Act, the Preg-nant Workers Fairness Act, and the Equality Act. 
Tonight, Mr. Speaker, you will hear 
stories from across the country of working families who have played by the rules and worked for long hours and still can’t seem to make it work. These experiences are shared with countless others from my district in New Jersey all the way across the Na-tion to California. 
I hope that my colleagues are ready 
to listen, and, more importantly, I hope they are ready to act. 
It is my pleasure to yield to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). 
Mr. ELLISON. I would like to thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding. I also would like to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLE-
MAN) for her tireless support of the pro-
gressive message and her long work in New Jersey, but also here in Congress. Thank you, ma’am. 
Mr. Speaker, Working Families Day 
of Action, the day when we came to-gether to talk about the agenda for working people, is a far cry from what my Republican colleagues like to talk about on a daily basis. But working people in this country need an advo-cate; they need somebody in Congress to care. 
I want to tell a quick story about a 
young lady in my district. Her name is Randa Jama, and she is a member of 
SEIU Local 26, who took a job as a wheelchair attendant at the Min-neapolis-Saint Paul Airport last fall with AirServ, a Delta Airlines subcon-tractor. It was supposed to be a full- time position, but her employer sud-denly cut her hours to only 12 hours a week. She explains to me: ‘‘They told me that you are working only Satur-day and Sunday from now on.’’ Her su-
pervisors would still sometimes ask her at the last minute to stay late or do an extra shift, but she can’t work at such short notice even though she needs the hours because it is hard to get access to babysitters. She is a young mom. 
Now, on behalf of Randa Jama and 
many other people, I just want to make a few reflections here today, and that is that things are absolutely out of bal-ance. They are out of balance, and the gap between rich and everybody else is wider now than it has been in decades; and working people, consumers, and environmental advocates are starting to come together to demand good jobs and shared prosperity. 
The story today is not necessarily 
about income inequality. We all know that. But what we may not know is how Americans all over this country are moving, shaking, and doing what they need to do. Whether it is the workers of the Restaurant Opportuni-ties Centers or whether it is WorkingAmerica or whether it is the people in the labor movement, the Fight for $15, people all over this coun-try—Americans—are not taking this situation lying down. 
We are here today to talk about what 
working families need and what they are doing. They face stagnating wages and struggle to balance the demands at home and on the job. I am very pleased that when it was announced that P
AUL 
RYAN, our colleague, was considering 
accepting the role of Speaker of the House, he insisted that he would have proper work-life balance and was not going to give up home time. I hope that is a signal that we can pursue a shared agenda of the work-life balance for all families all across America. 
Too many lack access to paid sick 
leave and affordable child care. For workers who don’t have a reliable work schedule, it is often impossible to plan and to pay for child care, rent, trans-portation, and groceries. People are not working enough hours in many cases, and when they get those hours, they often have to choose between leaving their kids at home or taking the hours that they so desperately need. Workers are seeing their right to organize erode. 
Here is another opportunity to tell 
you a good story, which is true, about a friend named Kipp Hedges. Kipp Hedges worked as a baggage handler for 25 years for Delta. He did an awe-some job day in and day out and was a member of his union. The people at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul Airport said: Hey, we want to form a union. 
The people who pushed the wheel-
chairs, the folks who drive the disabled around the airport, and the folks who 
clean up the airport wanted a union. He said: Well, that is a good effort, and I want to support it. 
He got fired. He got fired. A lot of people who try to organize 
unions today get fired for engaging in union activity. That is wrong, and it is against the National Labor Relations Act, but people get fired for it anyway. The fact is it takes them a long time to ever get any kind of satisfaction. 
In the mid-1950s, you should note 
that the percentage of workers belong-ing to unions was about 33 percent. But between 1973 and 2007, private sector union membership plummeted all the way down from about 33, 34 percent down to about 8 percent for men and about from 16 percent to 6 percent for women. It is a devastating situation. 
We all know that when people are in 
unions they make more. People of color in unions make more than people of color not in unions. Women in unions make more money than women not in unions. Even White men in unions, working men, make more money than White men not in unions. The union factor makes a big dif-ference. 
The decline is estimated to explain 
at least one-third of the growth in wage inequality among men and one- fifth of the growth in wage inequality among women. The decline of union density has resulted directly in Ameri-cans of all backgrounds having less money in their paychecks. 
Now, the American economy is grow-
ing. This is the richest country in the world, and it is actually doing pretty well. But the share of that growth has only been going to the very richest few, and it has not been distributed equally. 
This is a pivotal moment in our his-
tory, and Americans are stepping up to do something about it. We can see clearly now that tax cuts for big cor-porations won’t help working people. We hear all the time, day in and day out, that if you cut taxes for the wealthy and you don’t make them obey any health and safety rules, then they will use all that extra money to start businesses, buy inventory, start plants, and buy equipment, and that will give the rest of us jobs. That kind of philos-ophy has a name. It is called trickle- down economics. It doesn’t work now, and it didn’t work then. It never works. As a matter of fact, Americans all over are starting to see that a tax cut for a big corporation or a wealthy individual and allowing them to abandon health and safety rules is not going to benefit anybody but them. In fact, it is going to hurt us quite a bit. 
Mr. Speaker, we know that deregula-
tion won’t help consumers, and we know that it is not going to help the environment. It will leave our con-sumers at the tender mercies of the business community, and it will leave our communities at the tender mercy of polluters. We can’t afford that. 
Things are radically out of balance, 
and working people, consumers, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.063 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7321 October 28, 2015 
environmental advocates need to band 
together to push back for shared pros-perity. We in Congress need to stand with them. One thing we can do is sup-port policies and priorities outlined in the Day of Action. One thing we can do is stand in support of the policy prior-ities outlined in this Working Families Day of Action, #workingfamilies. We in Congress need to stand with them. 
Today we are highlighting bills that 
would: one, raise wages; two, protect the right to unionize and organize; three, increase access to paid sick leave, family leave, and affordable child care; and, four, promote fair scheduling at the workplace and fight workplace discrimination. 
Let me just mention a few steps be-
fore I turn it over. On the issue of fair scheduling, this is a big deal. There are more than 23 million workers in low- wage jobs, and two-thirds of these workers are women. Workers in these jobs often face schedules that are rigid, unpredictable, and unstable, which can make it impossible to successfully jug-gle responsibilities on and off the job. 
I just want to say to any small busi-
ness who worries about fair scheduling: We want to be in conversation with you. We want to talk it out and work it out. We know that sometimes things do come up in unexpected ways. But for sure, we can discuss, as Americans, how to work out a schedule that is a family-friendly schedule and that meets the needs of the business. What we have now is a completely unpredict-able environment where people are left either choosing between leaving their kids at home or abandoning those hours that are available. 
I also want to mention something 
about unions. A typical union worker makes 30 percent more than a non-union worker. This is a fact. The com-panies they work for are thriving and growing. There are tons of union com-panies all over this country that are making a lot of money. The question is: How big is the CEO’s bonus? If we can have some union representation, the company can thrive, but the work-ers can share in that thriving. Right now, workers are eking a living hand to mouth and paycheck to paycheck, and the CEO bonuses are out of con-trol. 
b1830 
Unionized African American workers 
make 36 percent more than nonunion-ized African Americans. Unionized His-panic women make 46 percent more than nonunionized Hispanic women. 
Let me just wrap up with a little 
quick story because this really is about people, Mr. Speaker. It is about people. It is not just about the stats. It is about people. 
This is a worker who was required to 
have open availability and still can’t get the hours. She is required to get open availability and still can’t get the hours. Her name is Jill, and she works for JCPenney. 
She writes: My name is Jill Ernst. When I interviewed 
at JCPenney in Minnesota, part of how I got the job was that I had to have a very flexible schedule. 
I was open all 7 days of the week, but now 
they only give me less than 35 hours. If they give me less than 34.5 hours, it’s a struggle to pay rent and my bills. If they put me on the schedule for 28 hours, I have to figure out how to convince my manager to give me more hours or find someone who is willing to give up hours. 
My schedule is so inconsistent that, if I 
need to take paid time off for 1 day, I know that I’ll have to take the entire week off or I’ll be scheduled a bunch of short days and not be paid for that 1 day off. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to stand up for 
working families, who had a day of ac-tion yesterday: #workingfamilies. We know there is inequality. We know the wages have stagnated. We know that it is tough out there for working Ameri-cans. 
But working Americans aren’t sit-
ting around taking it on the chin. They are out there demanding a fair share of this economy, and Congress should stand there with them. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. E
LLISON , who has been a very strong 
and consistent voice on behalf of all working families and, indeed, all of those that are least among us couldn’t have a better advocate. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Illi-
nois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ). 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to start by thanking Congress-woman B
ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN for 
organizing this evening. 
Many members of the Congressional 
Progressive Caucus I hope will be com-ing down and joining us this evening for a tribute to this Working Families Day of Action, the Working Families Agenda. Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN listed 
some of the bills that we have on that agenda. 
The problems that working families 
are facing are not intractable. We know that many working women and men are struggling today, but these problems are not unsurmountable. In fact, they could be solved relatively easily if the Republican majority would work with us to pass legislation that would bring U.S. labor policies in line with the rest of the industrialized world. We have the legislation. We have the public support. We just need action. 
One solution, which my colleague, 
Mr. E
LLISON , mentioned is to allow 
workers to join unions. We know that union members earn more and have better benefits. A study by the Center for Economic and Policy Research found that unionized women earn, on average, $2.50 more per hour, are 36 per-cent more likely to have an employ- sponsored benefit plan and 18 percent more likely to have paid sick leave. 
Last week I visited with some O’Hare 
airport workers who came to Wash-ington, baggage handlers, passenger transporters—the people who push the wheelchairs—and others. They are hired by contractors like Prospect Company. Now, they are wearing uniforms, and 
it looks to me like they are hired by ei-ther the airline or the airport. But, no, they are hired by a private contractor. They don’t have paid sick leave or health insurance. One woman in the group earned only $8.25 an hour after 14 years on the job. 
One of their colleagues suffered a 
miscarriage after her employer refused to give her light duty. The next time she became pregnant, they offered her light duty, but only if she agreed to work only one afternoon a week. 
Unionized workers have a different 
experience. One of the workers in the group was a cabin cleaner hired by Skyline, a union company. He earned fair wages, a pension, and benefits. 
We know that these problems can be 
solved. But I want to talk a little bit about how unstable work schedules contribute to the chaotic life of many workers by telling you about Tanya in a letter I received. 
My name is Tanya and I work in an assem-
bly line in a frigid 36-degree warehouse chop-ping lettuce and other items to create grab’n’go foods destined for display cases in Starbucks, Costco, and Walmart. 
I never know much in advance which days 
I will work, which hours, or even how long my shift will last. Sometimes I may be scheduled for an 8-hour shift, but get only 4 hours of work because my line’s order is completed early. Other times I am at work and on my feet for 12 hours. 
The unpredictability of my schedule makes 
it impossible for me to go back to school, which I desperately want to do, because I can’t commit to any class schedule. I can’t even plan a budget for rent, food or transpor-tation because I have no idea how much money I will make in any given month. 
It is terrible when I finish the order early 
and am sent home without working my full shift. It is even worse when I punch out and hear my supervisor say, ‘‘We don’t need you tomorrow.’’ My heart sinks. It is the last thing I want to hear. I only make $9.25 an hour and sometimes I get only 25 hours a week. That isn’t even enough to pay my rent. 
These are stories that all of us in this 
Congress need to hear, to digest, to un-derstand what the life of people in our districts is like, and we need to offer solutions that can improve their lives. 
They work hard. They are not asking 
for much. They want good schedules. They want fair wages. They want some benefits. And, yes, even a little retire-ment security would be good. We could do that. We are the richest country in the world at the richest moment in his-tory. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. 
Speaker, I want to thank the gentle-woman from Illinois. She is always a progressive voice and no greater advo-cate can we have. 
I am now delighted to yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), 
someone who has been a friend for a very long time and whose work I re-spect and admire tremendously. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN for all 
of her work, particularly the work she has done in New Jersey when she was in the State legislature and now in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.064 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7322 October 28, 2015 
Congress. I want to thank the Congres-
sional caucus for holding this Special Order on the Working Families Agen-da. 
Since the Republicans took over the 
House in January 2011, they have held hearing after hearing to make it harder for workers to form a union, they have attempted over 60 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act, they have been giving tax cuts to the wealthy, and all that time they have been wasting mil-lions of dollars on the Benghazi Com-mittee. 
Enough is enough. The American 
people deserve better. We know that families across America are struggling to make ends meet. Today I am calling on my colleagues across the aisle to get to work on the responsible solu-tions that hardworking Americans want and need, solutions that would boost wages, help workers achieve a better balance between work and fam-ily, and level the playing field so all workers can get a fair shot at success. This is the Working Families Agenda. 
This agenda would help workers like 
India Ford, who is from my district. During the Working Families Day of Action yesterday, she spoke to Mem-bers about how she worked nights and weekends for nearly a dozen years in the restaurant industry. As a single mom, this meant not being home for her child to help her with her home-work, missing PTA meetings, and not being able to spend time with her daughter before she went to bed. 
Finally, she got a new job at a new 
restaurant with a manager who offered to give her a schedule that worked for her family. And do you know what she did? She selected the lunch shift. This simple change was profound because now she is at home with her daughter at night. She is able to attend school events and able to help with home-work. 
But basic protections like fair sched-
ules and paid sick leaves shouldn’t de-pend on winning the boss lottery. They should be fundamental rights of every American. 
Today workers are more productive 
than ever, but it has been a long time since most people got a raise. We need to pass legislation to raise the min-imum wage. We also need to improve the National Labor Relations Act be-cause, when workers try to organize and form a union to negotiate for a fair share, more than one-third of the time somebody gets fired during the organi-zational drive. 
It is time to strengthen the National 
Labor Relations Act so that employers might think twice before they retali-ate. That is what the Workplace Action for a Growing Economy, or the WAGE Act, would do. 
We need to help workers better bal-
ance work and family. We need Federal paid sick days and paid family and medical leave laws, which 80 percent of the public supports. Workers need flexible schedules, schedules that work. 
It is also past time that we level the 
playing field so that all working fami-lies have a fair shot. It is shameful 
that, in 2015, discrimination still shuts many workers out of good-paying jobs. 
No family should live in fear of a 
breadwinner being fired for being gay, but Federal law still does not provide explicit workplace protections on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. Working people deserve more than just a paycheck. They deserve a decent life. It is time to rewrite the rules to make the economy work for everybody. 
Democrats stand ready to take up re-
sponsible solutions, like the Working Families Agenda, to boost wages, help workers balance family and work, and level the playing field by eliminating discrimination so that everybody has a fair shot. 
In honor of National Work and Fam-
ily Month, on Thursday, we will intro-duce a resolution calling on Congress to hold hearings and votes on the Working Families Agenda. 
We already have 90 cosponsors on the 
resolution, and we won’t stop there. For as long as it takes, we will con-tinue to call on our colleagues across the aisle to take up the responsible policies that will help people make a better life for themselves and their families. 
Again, I want to thank Mrs. W
ATSON  
COLEMAN and the Congressional Pro-
gressive Caucus for coordinating this Special Order hour and thank all of my colleagues in the Democratic Caucus who are standing up for working fami-lies. 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Thank 
you very much. As always, you have shared information with us which is il-luminating and edifying and, hope-fully, convincing of our colleagues that they shall adhere to those things that you were suggesting and recom-mending. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the stories to-
night that I have comes from Armando in New Brunswick, New Jersey. For 3
1⁄2 
years, Armando worked at a gas sta-tion 7 days a week on the night shift. He got one day off every 3 months. De-spite working 46 hours each week, he didn’t get overtime pay. 
In 2007, when his wife Silvia devel-
oped eye problems that required a number of doctors’ appointments, Armando’s request to leave work early to help with her treatment and recov-ery was denied. 
In order to care for his wife, 
Armando would come in from work at 6 a.m., leave at 7 a.m. to head to the hospital with Silvia, return home at 7 p.m., and sleep for just 2 hours before doing it all over again. 
When he filed a complaint with the 
Department of Labor, Armando lost his job. On his way out the door, Armando’s employer told him he was a good worker. He liked his work, but not the complaint. 
Mr. Speaker, no one should have to 
endure this. No one should have to work endlessly with just 4 days off each year just to make ends meet. No one should have to choose between car-
ing for a loved one and losing his or her job. 
I would like to take this opportunity 
and share another story with you from New Jersey. This story comes from 
Josefa, also from New Brunswick, New Jersey. She works in a restaurant in the kitchen and occasionally as a cash-ier. 
When Josefa became pregnant, she 
had to take 2 months off of work with-out pay. When she returned, she asked for the morning shift so that she could go home to be with her newborn baby. 
They obliged her request, but 2 weeks 
later they moved her to a 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. shift. With so few hours and trav-eling long distances to get to the res-taurant, Josefa was stuck. She asked her boss for more hours, not a raise or a handout, but the chance to work enough hours to make ends meet. 
b1845 
Despite 5 years in her job, Josefa was 
told that, if she didn’t like it, she could leave. 
In Josefa’s own words: ‘‘I was a single 
mom, so it was very difficult; and things like this don’t just happen to me—they happen to many others. We just make enough to pay the babysitter and rent, but there are so many ex-penses.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, in the greatest Nation 
in the world, which we are, we can— and we must—do better. We must stand up for those hardworking Americans who don’t want a handout but who sim-ply want a level playing field. We have got to stand up for those working Americans who have to work 46 hours a week, who get 3 or 4 days a year off, who are not able to make the decision to be able to care for a sick child, a sick spouse, or a sick parent. 
We can do better than that. It doesn’t 
take a lot for us to simply be decent to those who hold up our economy, who do the jobs that we take for granted every single, solitary day; but without those jobs, we would see what is lacking in our lives. 
So I ask, Mr. Speaker, that our col-
leagues in this House—and particularly on the other side of the aisle—spend some time reflecting on what little it is they need to do to simply give our working Americans a fair shake, a fair chance, time with their families, and time to be able to bring their families into the middle class. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
RESETTLEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY 
NATIONAL SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I feel com-
pelled to speak tonight on an issue that impacts the safety and the secu-rity of our country. There is a grave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.065 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7323 October 28, 2015 
threat to our national security that no 
one seems to want to talk about or to address—we talk around it; we allude to it; we look the other way or vainly hope that it will just go away—but sticking our heads in the sand will not make it go away. Instead, the threat is growing, and a lack of knowledge, fore-sight, and action on our part could jeopardize the future of our children and our grandchildren. The threat that I am referring to is the Refugee Reset-tlement Act. 
Today, I want to share with my col-
leagues and the Nation some very im-portant aspects of the Refugee Reset-tlement Program, which, I hope, will result in serious debate and in an effec-tive reevaluation of our current ref-ugee resettlement policies. 
After events like 9/11 and the Boston 
Marathon bombing, you would think that America would have implemented a more rigorous screening process for allowing entry into the United States. On the contrary, as the world becomes increasingly more dangerous, signifi-cant security gaps remain. 
President Obama has recently an-
nounced his plans to increase from 70,000 to 85,000 the number of refugees allowed into the United States in 2016, next year, and, for 2017, he plans to bring in 100,000. Most of the increase is from Syria and western Iraq, a direct result of the conflict of ISIS and of Mr. Obama’s own weak, disjointed foreign policy. 
In addition to the alarming national 
security concerns the resettlement pro-gram poses, there are significant costs that will be placed on the U.S. tax-payer and on State and local govern-ments. The numbers that we have seen suggest a large economic burden on Americans, and we don’t even know the full extent of all of the costs of this program. 
This is why I have introduced H.R. 
3314, the Resettlement Accountability National Security Act of 2015. My bill places an immediate moratorium on the U.S. Refugee Resettlement Pro-gram until the Government Account-ability Office conducts a study to de-termine the economic costs to the American taxpayer and until Congress analyzes the risks to our national secu-rity. 
According to the U.S. Refugee Ad-
missions’ database, nearly 500,000 new refugees have come into the United States under the Refugee Resettlement Program since President Obama first took office. As a first-term Representa-tive from Texas, I immediately began to investigate this issue because the State of Texas and its taxpayers have been asked to take in more refugees than any other State. 
I found out that no one was asking— 
much less answering—the questions of who, how, when, where, and how much regarding these refugees. I also found out that aspects of this program are very hard to determine even by the government agencies supposedly over-seeing it, mainly because these agen-cies contract and provide funding to 
nongovernmental organizations to ad-minister the program and because the United Nations gets to choose the ma-
jority of the refugees who enter the United States. 
Since the Resettlement Act was 
signed into law by then-President Jimmy Carter in 1980, more than 3 mil-lion refugees from Third World coun-tries have been permanently resettled in the United States; and as I said ear-lier, nearly 500,000 refugees in just the last 6
1⁄2years of the Obama administra-
tion have been resettled by private Federal contractors across this coun-try in over 190 towns and communities whose local citizens have little to no say in the matter. 
The private government-contracted 
organizations that administer the Ref-ugee Resettlement Program and choose the locations of resettlement within the United States are nonprofit groups. However, these nonprofits are paid, lit-erally, millions of Federal dollars. I am very troubled by the Refugee Resettle-ment Act’s cost to America. 
The stark financial problems of our 
nearly $19 trillion national debt argue against asking the American taxpayer to take on the further financial burden of tens of billions of dollars for refugee resettlement. According to official sta-tistics published by the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement, or ORR, more than 90 percent of recent refugees from the Middle East are on welfare. This is alarming from a budgetary standpoint alone. 
The Congressional Research Service’s 
memo that was issued to the Senate Judiciary Committee on the Office of Refugee Resettlement Admissions from the Department of Health and Human Services revealed that 74.2 percent of all refugees up until the year 2013 re-ceived food stamps while 56 percent re-ceived some sort of medical assistance. The very next year, in 2014, the ORR reported that 92 percent of Middle Eastern refugees were on food stamps, and over 68 percent received direct cash assistance. 
According to the ORR’s annual re-
port to Congress for fiscal year 2013, the majority of the refugees who enter the United States are without any in-come or assets to support themselves and are given benefits paid for by State-administered programs. 
Families who have children under the 
age of 18 are eligible for the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, or TANF, program. Refugees who are older, blind, or disabled are eligible for Medicaid benefits and Supplemental Security Income, or SSI, whose trust fund right now is nearing insolvency. The Federal Government does not re-imburse States for the costs or for Medicaid programs, which places a huge economic drain on the State gov-ernments. As a former mayor and local school board member, I know of the strain this places on local municipali-ties and school systems as well. 
Refugees in certain States who do 
not meet the specifications listed above, such as single adults, childless 
couples, and two-parent families, are still eligible to receive benefits under the Refugee Cash Assistance, or RCA, and Refugee Medical Assistance, or RMA, programs for up to the first 8 months that a refugee is in the United States. While the States are reim-bursed for these programs, they cost U.S. taxpayers about $302.4 million each year. 
For 2013, the Office of Refugee Reset-
tlement allocated $400 million for tran-sitional and medical services, $150 mil-lion for social services, and nearly $50 million in targeted assistance. Along with several other allotments, the total refugee appropriation was over $620 million. 
What many Americans do not realize 
is that refugees are eligible for lawful permanent residence, or LPR, status and for all Federal benefits after being here 1 year in the United States. In ad-dition, if they have children born here in the United States, they are eligible for benefits as well. Robert Rector of the respected Heritage Foundation puts the cost of accepting just 10,000 Syrian refugees at more than $6.5 bil-lion for a lifetime of costs. 
Again, I ask: Is this wise for a coun-
try that is nearly $19 trillion in debt? 
It sounds noble for the Obama admin-
istration to propose bringing in more refugees next year, yet there is no full accounting or transparency over what this will cost the taxpayers at the Fed-eral, State, or local level. In a critical time when we must be economically re-sponsible and prioritize our finite re-sources accordingly, allocating over a half a billion dollars for a program with unknown consequences is not the best use of our government resources. 
The question at the end of the day is: 
Can we really afford not to take a fur-ther look at the resettlement program? 
Let’s also take a few minutes to ex-
amine the national security threats of this. 
Perhaps even more disconcerting 
than the enormous costs are the nu-merous security risks posed by accept-ing refugees without properly screen-ing or vetting them. As entire regions of the Middle East dissolve into chaos, the ability to conduct the proper vet-ting of refugees by verifying places of origin, political orientations, criminal records, or sometimes even basic iden-tities is, all too often, simply non-existent. 
Already, Director of National Intel-
ligence James Clapper, FBI Director James Comey, and Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson have testified under oath that they cannot properly screen the refu-gees who are streaming out of these war-torn areas of the Middle East. 
FBI Director James Comey said he 
had serious concerns about bringing in refugees from conflict zones. We can-not just call up the Damascus or Liby-an police department and run back-ground checks on these refugees from conflict zones. There is already a very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.068 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7324 October 28, 2015 
good chance that, of the 70,000 refugees 
per year coming into the United States, terrorists and ISIS followers who are posing as refugees may have slipped through the gaps. 
ISIS has promised that it will exploit 
this refugee crisis, and it has already, indeed, been caught attempting to do so. According to a senior Lebanese offi-cial, at least 20,000 jihadists have al-ready infiltrated the Syrian refugee camps and are plotting to enter West-ern Europe. According to the Council on Foreign Relations, jihadist groups typically target European countries that have generous and liberal immi-gration policies and that are allies of the United States. 
In line with this, the Hurriyet Daily 
News, in Turkey, stated this past Feb-ruary that the Turkish intelligence service had warned police that 3,000 trained jihadists were attempting to cross into Turkey from Syria and Iraq and then make their way into Western Europe to target countries involved in the U.S.-led anti-Islamic State coali-tion. What is even more alarming is that the news publication reports that some of the members of the group, in-cluding their leaders, have already en-tered Turkey and have already estab-lished cells of terrorist operation. 
Palestinians and citizens from Syria 
who are between the ages of 17 to 25 have entered Turkey as refugees and plan to travel to Europe through Bul-garia in order to attack anti-ISIS coa-lition-member countries. In fact, one ISIS operative has claimed more than 4,000 covert ISIS gunmen have been smuggled into Western nations and are currently hiding amongst innocent ref-ugees. He then warned ‘‘just wait,’’ ac-cording to the International Business Times. 
In May, the International Business 
Times also cited Libyan Government adviser Abdul Basit Haroun, who warned that ISIS operatives were being smuggled into Europe by boat. Haroun said that ISIS militants are taking ad-vantage of the crisis by using boats for their own operatives whom they want to send to Europe, and the European authorities can’t differentiate between those from ISIS and the actual refu-gees. If this is not disturbing, then I don’t know what is. 
b1900 
There are also thousands of former 
refugees who have settled in Europe over the past several decades now going to join ISIS in the Middle East. According to Gilles de Kerchove, the European Union’s counterterrorism chief, nearly 4,000 Europeans are esti-mated to have left Western Europe and gone and joined ISIS. 
We have even seen this in the United 
States refugee settlement communities as well. In Minneapolis, Minnesota, there have been 22 young Somali men that we know of since 2007 that left their new refugee home in the United States to join the terrorist organiza-tion al Shabaab. In Somalia, they are fighting against 
U.S. allies and U.S.-trained troops. There are 27,000 Somali refugees in the Minneapolis area, and President Obama’s plans call for thousands more. 
In Texas, 37-year-old Bilal Abood is 
an Iraqi American who is suspected to have come to the United States as a refugee or an asylum seeker in the year 2009. When the FBI went to his home, they found evidence of ties with ISIS, including pledging an oath to its lead-er, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. 
A former cab driver in Virginia, 
Liban Haji Mohamed, who came to the United States as a Somali refugee, is on the FBI’s Most Wanted Terrorist list for providing material support to al Qaeda and al Shabaab. He is consid-ered particularly dangerous because he worked to recruit other U.S. terrorists for these terrorist organizations. He lived in Alexandria, Virginia, just a few miles across the river from where I am standing right now. 
According to Mike Mauro, a professor 
of homeland security and national se-curity analyst at the Clarion Project, a poll was conducted in November of 2014 of 900 Syrian refugees. In this poll of recent refugees, 13 percent, or roughly one out of seven, claim to have sym-pathies toward ISIS. Alarmingly and incredibly, that amounts to a potential 130 ISIS sympathizers. 
The Immigration and Nationality 
Act, known as the INA, specifies that applicants for the resettlement pro-gram be subject to various grounds of inadmissibility, including criminal, se-curity, and public health grounds. 
The grounds of inadmissibility apply-
ing to refugee applicants include the broad terrorism-related inadmissibility grounds, or TRIG, in section 212 of the INA, the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
Very disturbing is the fact that, be-
ginning in 2005, the Department of Homeland Security, the State Depart-ment, and the Department of Justice began exercising their discretionary authority to waive these categories of inadmissibility for refugee applicants. 
Then, in 2015, the Department of 
Homeland Security began imple-menting new additional exemptions for individuals if they only provided insig-nificant or certain limited material support to terrorists—this includes routine commercial and social trans-actions—or provided humanitarian as-sistance to undesignated terrorist or-ganizations. 
As of this past June, the United 
States Government has granted more than 15,560 TRIG exemptions to refugee applicants. That is right. More than 15,000 times the Government of the United States has waived past partici-pation with terrorist organizations so that refugees could come and enter into the United States. This must stop. 
The warning signs are everywhere of 
the potential of terrorist suspects pos-ing as refugees while President Obama redoubles his efforts to bring these peo-ple in the United States and put at risk the lives and safety of the American 
people. 
We have recently had two terrorist 
gunmen in Garland, Texas, who linked themselves to ISIS; the shooter in Chattanooga, Tennessee, who killed five U.S. servicemembers, recruiters; and the Tsarnaev brothers in the Bos-ton Marathon bombing, who killed three spectators and injured an esti-mated 260 others. What we need to ask ourselves is: How did the Federal Gov-ernment fail the American people with respect to vetting these refugees? 
Of course, not all refugees are Is-
lamic jihadists. Indeed, most are not. But the few that are pose a very real threat to the safety and security of the American people. The 9/11 terrorist attackers numbered 19, the Boston ter-rorists only 2. 
As elected representatives, our re-
sponsibility to the American citizens and our communities should be our number one priority. 
The Refugee Resettlement Program 
has long operated under the radar of most Americans. The average Amer-ican has no idea that this resettlement program is a U.N. plan that chooses which refugees come to the United States and that the United States tax-payer foots the bill. 
But as it has grown over the last few 
years and its implementation has be-come a threat to small communities, saddling them with the problems that refugee resettlement brings without their say-so and often even without their knowledge, residents in several States, including Texas, are starting to ask hard questions. 
No longer satisfied with past an-
swers, they are showing up at townhall meetings, starting blogs and email lists, digging up information and in-forming their friends and neighbors of what is really going on with refugee re-settlement in such diverse American communities as Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota; Lewiston, Maine; Amarillo, Texas; the State of Idaho; and many other locations, just to name a few 
To really see what America’s future 
will be, we have to look no further than western Europe, which has taken in over half a million refugees just this year, not to mention the millions over the past decades. 
A very popular destination for refu-
gees coming to Europe is Sweden. The country is currently facing a large- scale refugee crisis, and the govern-ment does not know where these refu-gees will live, how they will work, and who will foot the bill for them. 
According to Boverket, the Swedish 
National Board of Housing, Building and Planning, Sweden needs to build half a million homes by the year 2020. This costly housing initiative will cost about $387 million a year and will only fund half of this by 2020. 
Sweden is also known for its horrific 
rape numbers. Recent refugees—and now their Swedish-born children—are responsible for more than half of those convicted of rape, murder, and robbery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.069 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7325 October 28, 2015 
Clearly, the existing approach to ad-
dressing the plight of refugees is sim-ply not working. Are these really the sort of problems that we want here at home and the United States? 
Again, I am not saying that brutal 
rapes, gang violence, and domestic ter-ror are the norms, but, rather, they are the risks that have been seen in Europe that come along with accepting large numbers of refugees without proper vetting and screening. 
While refugee crises are tragic, 
crimes committed by transplanted peo-ple against unsuspecting, unprotected victims in their own country are even more tragic. 
The five wealthiest countries on the 
Arabian Peninsula—Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, and Bahrain—have not taken in a sin-gle refugee that we know of. 
Instead, they have argued that ac-
cepting large numbers of Syrians is a threat to their safety, as terrorists could be hiding within an influx of peo-ple. 
The only help so far from Saudi Ara-
bia is an offer to build 200 mosques in Germany. It is quite apparent that the fear of importing terrorists is real for American communities if Syria’s own neighbors will not admit these refu-gees. 
My investigation of the refugee reset-
tlement policies have also led to a con-cern for the most persecuted religious minority in the entire Middle East re-gion: Christians. 
Of the nine nongovernmental organi-
zations which receive Federal grants and contracts to resettle refugees, six are designated religious charities. However, I could find no mission state-ments from any of them about saving Christians. 
The U.N. connection could explain 
why so many non-Christian refugees are chosen to be brought into the United States while persecuted Chris-tians in Syria, Iraq, Egypt, and other nations there have a very hard time getting within sight of the Statue of Liberty. 
In fact, the glaring shortcoming of 
the U.N. refugee program is that it falls short of helping one of the most persecuted groups around the world, and that is Christians. 
According to reporting by Nina Shea 
and Elliott Abrams, the United Nations High Commission on Refugees refuses to classify Christians as a persecuted group eligible for resettlement on this basis. 
Why? Because our Department of 
State chooses to adhere to a definition of refugees as people persecuted by their own government. The murders of Christian men, the rapes of Christian women, and the butchery of Christian children apparently do not count. These people are routinely beheaded, crucified, burned at the stake, sold into slavery, or have their property con-fiscated. 
In Iraq, ISIS has blown up dozens of 
churches, kidnapped Christians and held them for ransom, even after they 
have already murdered them. Last summer they started marking Chris-tian homes with a red letter ‘‘N’’ for ‘‘Nazarene’’ before they took the homes and exiled the owners. 
Unfortunately, for many Christians, 
exile is a better option than the inhu-mane atrocities that many in the re-gion are currently facing. Many are sexually enslaved by ISIS, like Kayla Mueller. 
Kayla Mueller was a Christian Amer-
ican human rights activist from Pres-cott, Arizona. She was taken captive in August 2013 by ISIS in Syria after leav-ing a Doctors Without Borders hos-pital. After she was taken by the ter-rorist group, she was repeatedly raped by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who is the leader of ISIS. 
There are still many other Christian 
ISIS prisoners, including 460 taken from Syria and many more who have already been killed. Many have been taken by al Shabaab in Africa. Pope Francis has even gotten involved and is calling this targeting of Christians a form of genocide. 
Many Christians who want to flee 
persecution face the difficult decision of where to turn and where will they be safe. 
A decision of how to flee and what 
mode of transportation to take can be critical to Christian families. It was re-ported this past April that 12 Christian migrants trying to get to Europe by boat were simply thrown overboard by fellow Muslim migrants and drowned. 
Most are afraid to go to the U.N. ref-
ugee camps and fear the actions taken by some of their more radicalized Mus-lim neighbors within the camps. There are very few Christians in these camps and other non-Muslims because they fear for their own personal safety. 
Unfortunately for these persecuted 
religious minorities, the only persons able to qualify easily for U.N. refugee 
resettlement are those people who are in these U.N. refugee camps. There in the camp they can be designated as pri-ority 1 eligible by the United Nations High Commission on Refugees, and then they qualify for resettlement. 
This is critical to know because the 
U.N. refugee camps are the only source from which the U.S. will accept U.N. refugees under this resettlement act. Since very few Christians feel safe in these camps, it is apparent that this is the reason that less than 4 percent of the U.N. resettled refugees are Chris-tians. 
Former Archbishop George Carey of 
Canterbury said it best when he stated that this inadvertently discriminates against the very Christian commu-nities most victimized by the inhuman butchers of the so-called Islamic State. 
It is a sad reality for Christians in 
this part of the world right now. They are so desperate to leave that they have said that they will go almost any-where except the U.N. camps to try to rebuild their lives. 
There is another method, however, 
other than the resettlement act by which it is possible to admit Christians 
and other groups into the U.S. as refu-gees. The U.S. State Department has the authority to designate certain groups like Christians as priority 2 ref-ugees, which would enable them to enter the United States without having to be living in a U.N. refugee camp. 
The U.S. State Department needs to 
act on this immediately. It defies logic that we would want to potentially im-port the problems of the Middle East into the very heart of America. 
b1915 
The recent terrorist attacks in Gar-
land, Texas; Chattanooga, Tennessee; Oklahoma City, and the Boston Mara-thon should serve as a dire warning. 
A report submitted by the Obama ad-
ministration for proposed refugee ad-missions says that in the year 2014 the median age of refugees from Iraq and Syria was 28 and 23, respectively, and over half of these refugees were of working age, between 16 years and 64 years of age. In fact, according to U.N. statistics, 65 percent of these Syrian refugees are military-age males, who should be defending their own country and pose a risk of having ISIS infiltra-tors among them. 
Again, we don’t need to look any fur-
ther than Europe for all the evidence that we need to see the dire con-sequences for this program to Amer-ican safety and security. 
According to the Gatestone Institute, 
half a million known migrants and ref-ugees came to the European Union in 
the first 8 months of 2015. This number will most likely reach 1 million by the end of this year, and this does not in-clude the number of individuals who slipped in undetected. 
Of the maritime arrivals in Europe, 
the top countries of origin are Syria, Afghanistan, Eritrea, Nigeria, Albania, Pakistan, Somalia, Sudan, and Iraq. For the refugees who arrived by land, the top three countries of origin are Syria, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. 
There has been much criminal activ-
ity, including multiple cases of rape, among refugee camps. On August 6 of this year, police finally reported that a young 13-year-old girl was raped by an-other asylum seeker at a refugee facil-ity in Detmold, Germany. The rape ac-tually had taken place in June, but the police had kept quiet about it for sev-eral months, not wanting to alarm the German local population. It was only after a local media outlet had pub-lished this story about the crime that it came to light. 
According to German social work or-
ganizations, large numbers of women and young girls housed in refugee shel-ters in Germany are being raped, sexu-ally assaulted, or forced into prostitu-tion by male asylum seekers. 
An editorial comment in the German 
newspaper Westfalen-Blatt said police are refusing to go public about the crimes involving refugees because they don’t want to give legitimacy to criti-cism of the dangers of mass, unchecked migration from the Middle East. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.070 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7326 October 28, 2015 
In this refugee population, there are 
many elements that neither Europe nor the United States would ever invite in, and the challenge is separating them. Europe is dealing with a stark reality that it does not want to face and would prefer to turn a blind eye. 
Police in the Bavarian town of 
Mering have issued a warning to Ger-man parents not to allow their children to go outside unaccompanied. In an-other Bavarian town of Pocking, ad-ministrators at the Wilhelm-Diess- Gymnasium have told parents not to let their daughters wear revealing clothes to avoid ‘‘misunderstandings’’ by the large number of refugees in their town. 
These are not the only troubling ac-
tions unfolding in Germany, a country which has pledged to take more refu-gees than any other country in the Eu-ropean Union. Levels of violent crime brought about by the groups from the Balkans and the Middle East have turned certain cities such as Duisburg into no-go zones for police, according to a police report from their head-quarters in the North Rhine-West-phalia region. This is the most popu-lous state in Germany. This report states that the ability of the police to maintain public order ‘‘cannot be guar-anteed over the long term,’’ according to Der Spiegel, the newsmagazine which leaked the report. 
There are districts where immigrant 
gangs are taking over entire metro trains for themselves. Local residents and businesspeople are being intimi-dated and silenced. People taking trams during the evening and night-time describe their experiences as liv-ing nightmares. Policemen, and espe-cially policewomen, are subject to high levels of aggressiveness and disrespect. 
Unassimilated refugees and immi-
grants have turned large sections of Europe’s great cities into no-go zones where even the police will not go. Jew-ish emigration from France is the high-est since World War II. 
In the near term, nothing will 
change, according to this report. The reasons for this: the high rate of unem-ployment, the lack of job prospects for immigrants without qualifications for the German labor market, and ethnic tensions among the migrants them-selves. The Duisburg police department now wants to reinforce its presence on the streets and track offenders much more consistently than before. 
I am not suggesting that every ref-
ugee or even the majority of these refu-gees are engaged in such criminal ac-tivity. It is a very small number. But what I am suggesting is that there are some among them who have terrorist intentions that have infiltrated these communities, and it is difficult to screen them out. Even one is too many. 
President Obama’s plan is a potential 
national disaster waiting to happen. No one is saying that we should not help those who are in refugee camps. We should. America is the most generous and compassionate country in the world. We already are spending $4.5 bil-
lion in humanitarian aid, food, shelter, and medicine for these displaced per-sons in these refugee camps. What we should not do is endanger the Amer-ican people and the safety of our chil-dren and our grandchildren. 
Each of us serving in this body took 
an oath to support and defend the Con-stitution against enemies, both foreign and domestic, and ISIS has already ex-ploited this U.N. program to infiltrate Europe. We have a sworn duty to pre-vent foreign enemies from entering the United States and allowing them to be-come domestic enemies, particularly at taxpayer expense. The President’s plan and the current policy of the Refugee Resettlement Act defies all logic. 
I am sure that I will be criticized and 
attacked for making this speech and sharing these very disturbing facts with you today, but I am compelled by the oath of office that I took when I was sworn in as a Member of the United States Congress to put the safe-ty and security of the American people above political correctness. 
I didn’t come to Congress to be po-
litically correct. I came to uphold the U.S. Constitution and to protect our national security. Protecting our American way of life, the greatest ex-periment in liberty and freedom in all human history, is our highest calling as elected leaders of this great Nation. 
Those who criticize me for these re-
marks should instead turn their criti-cism toward those who are exploiting refugees and to the terrorists who are infiltrating these very refugees who are entering Europe and the United States. 
I encourage my colleagues to further 
investigate the Federal Refugee Reset-tlement Program and to join me in calling for a moratorium on the Presi-dent’s proposal while we fully examine the costs to the American taxpayer and the national security implications of his policies. 
Let us reassert our congressional au-
thority over the refugee program and put the safety and security of the American people above all else. It is crucial that Congress take a look at the results of my proposed reassess-ment of the Refugee Resettlement Pro-gram, its cost to the American tax-payer, its threat to our national secu-rity, and its impact on our small towns and communities by passing H.R. 3314, the Resettlement Accountability Na-tional Security Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
THE HONORABLE FRANK M. JOHN-
SON, THE HIDDEN HAND OF JUS-TICE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the leadership for allowing us to have this time to discuss H. Con. Res. 84. This recognizes the works of 
the Honorable Frank M. Johnson, a Federal judge. 
Not only was he a Federal judge, he 
was one of the greatest unsung heroes 
of the civil rights movement, a lawyer par excellence, a great student of juris-prudence, and, I would daresay, he was the hidden hand of justice in the civil rights movement. 
Before continuing, however, let me 
just thank some additional persons. It is appropriate that I thank the six original cosponsors of this resolution. Of course, we would mention the Hon-orable A
LCEE HASTINGS of Florida, and 
we thank him for signing on to this resolution. We also would like to thank the Honorable S
HEILA JACKSON LEEof 
Texas, the Honorable G REGORY MEEKS  
of New York, the Honorable E LEANOR  
HOLMES NORTON of Washington, D.C., 
and I especially want to thank the Honorable T
ERRI SEWELL of Alabama, 
because Judge Johnson was from Ala-bama. She has signed on to this resolu-tion, meaning that she has given her approval. I am grateful to her. She is a great, great Member of this body and has done quite well in representing the people of her district and, indeed, her State and her country. And, finally, the Honorable F
REDERICA WILSON of 
Florida. All of these Members have signed on to this resolution honoring the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. 
The Honorable Frank M. Johnson 
was a unique person in American his-tory, unique in that he was one of those people that made real the great and noble American ideals: liberty and justice for all; government of the peo-ple, by the people, for the people. He truly—he truly—made justice more than a word. It meant something to him, and, as a result, people were able to benefit from justice. Justice was more than a word for the Honorable Frank Johnson. 
He did not have it easy, however. He 
was appointed to this Federal District Court by the Honorable President Dwight Eisenhower in November of 1955. After being appointed, he imme-diately had a very difficult case come before him. This is when we learned of the character of Frank M. Johnson. His character was such that he refused to allow himself to be intimidated. 
Over the course of his life, he had a 
cross burned on the lawn of his yard. Over the course of his life, and he lived for 80 years, his mother’s house was bombed. It was thought that it was his home. It was bombed by the KKK. He was a person who had, as a classmate in law school, Governor George Wal-lace. 
He was a person who probably could 
not have been predicted to be one of the most significant persons in the civil rights movement at the time he was appointed to the bench. There are people who, for whatever reasons, de-cide that they are going to do the just and honorable thing, and Frank M. Johnson was such a person. 
While he lived, he had to have 24- 
hour protection—24-hour protection— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.072 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7327 October 28, 2015 
for his very life because there were 
those who saw him as a threat to the way of life that existed at that time. They wanted to end his life because of his being perceived as a threat to their way of life. 
What is it about him that caused peo-
ple to want to burn a cross on his lawn, that caused persons to bomb his moth-er’s house thinking that it was his? What was it about this man that caused people to believe that he was such a huge instrumentality that was moving the South in a direction that they did not want to see it move into? 
Well, he was one of those persons who 
actually proved, Mr. Speaker, that Black lives matter. He proved that Black lives were as important as any other lives, that all lives matter, but he proved that Black lives matter by his decisions that he made. 
I indicated earlier that one of his 
first decisions, Mr. Speaker, was a dif-ficult one. It was a case that involved the bus boycott in Montgomery, Ala-bama. It was a case wherein Rosa Parks, the Alabama female of African ancestry, took a seat on a bus; and after taking that seat, she was required to move because, as others came on the bus who were White, she would have to move, as would any other Black per-son, and give White persons an oppor-tunity to have seats on the bus. She would either have to move back or, if all of the other seats were filled, she would have to stand. She refused. 
As a result of that refusal, Mr. 
Speaker, a civil rights movement was born in Montgomery, Alabama, and a protest movement was led by the Hon-orable Dr. Martin Luther King. As a re-sult of this protest movement, many people galvanized. They came together, and they decided that they would not ride the buses and that they would transport themselves to and from work. 
Well, one might think that this boy-
cott was the reason that the bus line was eventually integrated after about a year of protestations. But, Mr. Speak-er, the hidden hand of justice was the Honorable Frank M. Johnson, because he, on a three-judge panel, concluded that the Brown decision, which applied to schools, should be applied to public accommodations, should be applied to public transportation. He convinced another judge to do so, and, as a result, they issued an order that desegregated the buses in Montgomery, Alabama. 
b1930 
He was the hidden hand of justice. 
The protest movement was absolutely necessary, but he showed that Black lives mattered when he decided that he was going to stand for justice and that he was going to issue that order inte-grating the bus lines. 
Later on, in the case of Gomillion v. 
Lightfoot, this is a case that invali-dated the City of Tuskegee’s plan to di-lute Black voting strength. 
At that time, it was not unusual for 
Black voting strength to be diluted such that Blacks could not get rep-
resentation. We were not represented in Congress to the extent that we are today. 
At that time, gerrymandering was al-
most commonplace to make sure that Blacks did not have the opportunity to represent constituents in city councils, and not only city councils, but in coun-ty government, as State Representa-tives, as State Senators, gerry-mandering. 
Well, it was the Honorable Frank M. 
Johnson that invalidated that plan that they had and ordered the redraw-ing of the lines. 
In the United States v. Alabama, in 
1961, literacy tests were required for Blacks, but they weren’t required for Whites. Blacks had to take the test, which was impossible to pass, in many cases. How many bubbles are there in a bar of soap, all sorts of ridiculous things, were required of Blacks. 
But this judge, the hidden hand of 
justice, the man who believed that Black lives mattered, required Black people be registered to vote to the same extent as the least qualified White person was registered to vote. Allowing Black people to register al-lowed more Black representation to manifest itself in the years that fol-lowed. 
In the case of Lewis v. Greyhound, 
1961, this case involved the Honorable J
OHN LEWIS, who is now a Member of 
Congress. It involved protesting at a bus station. It involved being seated at a counter and involved desegregating the bus lines and the bus stations. J
OHN 
LEWIS was one of several persons who 
were arrested, and this violated his civil rights. 
It was the Honorable Frank M. John-
son that required the desegregation of the bus depots across the length and breadth of the country. By directly doing it in Montgomery, Alabama, it 
eventually became the law across the land. 
Again he demonstrated that Black 
lives mattered to him, and he moved on it. He didn’t just believe it. He acted on his beliefs. 
In the case of Sims v. Frink, in 1962, 
this had to do with Alabama reappor-tioning. Alabama had not reappor-tioned since 1900. The lines had been left as they were because, by leaving them as they were, they could keep certain people from having a right to vote or having their vote really count in the scheme of one man, one vote. 
It was Frank M. Johnson who re-
quired that one man, one vote, prin-ciples be utilized, giving Black people a greater voice in voting. 
In Lee v. Macon County Board of 
Education, in 1963, this was the first statewide desegregation of schools, and it happened in Alabama. It happened because Frank M. Johnson concluded that Black lives mattered. He ordered the desegregation of these schools, and it was the beginning of something that would spread across this country. 
He was a part of the avant-garde of 
the civil rights movement, but he did so with a pen from the bench. As a 
matter of fact, he did not wear a robe when he was on the bench and he did not have a gavel. He believed that, if you are a just judge and you are going to follow the law, you didn’t need the robe and you didn’t need the gavel. You just needed to follow the law. And he did so. 
He did so in the case of Williams v. 
Wallace. This is a landmark case in that it involved the Honorable Dr. Mar-tin Luther King. 
As we know now, persons assembled 
at the Edmund Pettus Bridge. They as-sembled there for the purpose of marching from Selma to Montgomery. When they assembled at the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they decided that, in marching from Selma to Montgomery, they would assemble themselves at a church, and they marched from that church to the bridge. 
If you have not been to the Edmund 
Pettus Bridge, you should do so be-cause, as you do so, you will see that that bridge has an arch. As you move across the bridge, you can’t see from the start of your movement to the bridge what lies on the other side. 
But on the other side of the Edmund 
Pettus Bridge were men, members of the constabulary. They were on horses. They had clubs. And these men on horses, with clubs, confronted the marchers, who were peaceful. They were unarmed. 
They were Black. They were White. 
They were multi-ethnic in terms of their ethnicity. They were persons of goodwill who only wanted to exercise their freedom of movement to dem-onstrate, to move from one city to an-other, protesting the way African Americans were being treated in the South in terms of their voting rights, in terms of their inability to receive the same treatment as others under the law. 
Well, in doing this, in marching from 
Selma to Montgomery, when they en-countered these officers with clubs, these officers beat them. 
The Honorable J
OHNLEWIS was a part 
of the march. He has said on many oc-casions that he thought he was going to die. 
They beat them all the way back to 
the church where they started—all the way back to the church—blood on their heads, on their bodies, on the ground, on people, as they tried to flee and tried to fend for themselves against these members of the constabulary. 
The marchers returned later to 
march again, but this time they had gone to court and they had appeared before the Honorable Frank M. John-son. He issued an order requiring the constabulary to get out of the way and allow the marchers to move from Selma to Montgomery. 
Few people are aware that Bloody 
Sunday was followed by an order from the hidden hand of justice, the Honor-able Frank M. Johnson. I would dare-say that that order and that move-ment, that march, were the basis for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.073 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7328 October 28, 2015 
the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 
1965. It passed shortly thereafter. 
The President signed it into law. As 
a result, many people who are in Con-gress today are here because that march took place and because the Hon-orable Judge, the hidden hand of jus-tice, Frank M. Johnson, signed an order requiring the constabulary to get out of the way. 
What is interesting about this order, 
Mr. Speaker, is that it was issued by his classmate, whom I mentioned ear-lier, Governor George Wallace. Gov-ernor George Wallace and Frank M. Johnson were at constant odds with each other. They were at odds with each other not only as it related to this march, but as it related to the integra-tion of schools. 
As a matter of fact, there were many 
people in Alabama who were of good-will who started to call Frank M. John-son the real Governor of Alabama be-cause he stood toe to toe with Gov-ernor Wallace and, in so doing, made real what the Governor had the oppor-tunity to do, but refused to do. 
The Honorable Frank M. Johnson, 
the hidden hand of justice in Alabama and the United States of America. 
In White v. Cook, 1966, he ruled that 
Blacks should be allowed to and must serve on juries in Alabama. Black peo-ple have not always had the oppor-tunity to serve, even when the law said they had the right to serve. 
As a result of not having the right to 
serve by virtue of the way people inter-preted the law, they were denied serv-ice on juries. It was the Honorable Frank M. Johnson that permitted this to happen by his ruling. 
Mr. Speaker, how much time do I 
have left? 
I would like to make sure that I 
properly cover certain materials. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas has 14 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, Frank M. Johnson, in making this ruling that allowed Blacks to serve on juries, was taking a giant step forward in that he was bringing Black people into the courthouse and they were now allowed to come right in and go right in and sit up front. 
Black people haven’t always been 
able to go into the courthouse and sit on the front row. They haven’t always been respected when they have been in the courtroom. 
In my lifetime, I have heard African 
American lawyers referred to as ‘‘Boy’’ in the courtrooms of this country. 
In my lifetime, I have seen African 
American lawyers required to wait while White lawyers were being served. In my lifetime, I have seen some things that I am not proud of. 
But, in my lifetime, I have seen great 
changes take place, and many of these changes took place because of people like Frank M. Johnson, unsung heroes, people who have not received the kinds of accolades, the kinds of kudos, that they merit for the actions that they took and the bravery that they exhib-
ited. 
But tonight I want to make sure that 
at least one person who was an unsung hero gets the notoriety that he de-serves. Of course, I am speaking of the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. 
In 1966, United States v. Alabama, he 
ruled that the poll tax was unconstitu-tional, the poll tax. At one time, you had to pay a tax to vote. Unfortu-nately, that time has returned. 
In my State, the State of Texas, we 
now have a poll tax. That time has re-turned. Frank M. Johnson declared it unconstitutional, giving Black people the right to vote without having to pay a fee. 
Well, in my State, the State of 
Texas, we find now that, if you want to vote and you don’t have a license to carry a gun and you don’t have certain other IDs, well, you will have to then acquire an ID to vote. And while the State of Texas will provide at no cost a certain type of ID, these IDs are predi-cated upon your having proof of birth, a birth certificate. 
I took the test myself. I went to the 
polls to vote, and I went to the polls without my voter registration inten-tionally, I might add, and I voted a provisional ballot. 
I was given time to go out and ac-
quire the proper identification. I did it knowing that I would bring the proper identification, and I did so. And I voted timely. But I did this because I wanted to see what does one go through to simply get a birth certificate. 
Well, I applied for my birth certifi-
cate. I was born in the State of Lou-isiana. I applied for it and, to this day, I have not received my birth certifi-cate. This was about a year ago that I applied for it. I still have not received it from the State of Louisiana. I ap-plied for it, paid the fee. 
Now, why am I saying it is a poll tax? 
Because in the State of Texas, if you get your birth certificate from the State of Texas, then there is a provi-sion for indigent persons to acquire the certificate and the ID and you can do this without a fee. 
But if you are from out of state, you 
have got to pay that fee to that out-of- state agency to get your birth certifi-cate so that you can get it to the State of Texas and you can get your ID. 
The point is paying for the right to 
vote is a poll tax. No one should have to pay to vote, no one. Frank M. John-son outlawed the poll tax in the State of Alabama. 
I pray that we have some other 
Frank M. Johnsons on the bench who will eventually outlaw the poll tax in the State of Texas because, to Frank M. Johnson, Black lives mattered. They mattered. 
They ought to matter to other people 
who understand that invidious dis-crimination still exists, that people are finding clever ways to keep people from voting today, just as they did many, many years ago. b1945 
The struggle for human rights, 
human dignity, civil rights is not over. There are still challenges before us. There are still people who are in high places who are making it difficult for people to vote. 
I thank God for the Frank M. John-
sons of the world who are willing to stand for justice and make it possible for people to have the same right to vote as other people have had in this country for many years. 
I know that there are some who 
would say: ‘‘Well, you have got the right to vote; you ought to have an ID.’’ Well, I don’t have a problem with people having an ID. I do have a prob-lem when you have to pay for that ID so that you can vote. Voting is sepa-rate, and it is sacred in this country. We ought not require people to have to pay a fee to acquire an ID so that they can vote. 
So he declared the poll tax unconsti-
tutional in 1966. 
In 1970, in Smith v. the YMCA of 
Montgomery, he ordered the desegrega-tion of the Montgomery chapter of the YMCA. 
The YMCA has not always had its 
doors open to Blacks, and many of the institutions in this country who did open doors opened only the back door. I know. I have been to the back doors. I know what it is like to go to a bus station and have to go to the back door. I know what it is like to go to a food service establishment and have to go to the back door to get your food. I have been there. I know what it is like to travel across country and to have to pick your places to stop because in cer-tain places it was known that you were not permitted to stop; and in those places where you were permitted to stop, you would have to use back doors a good amount of the time. 
So I know what discrimination looks 
like. I have seen the face of discrimina-tion, and I understand how it hurts people. I understand the pain that is inflicted upon people. I am proud that we can now go through front doors be-cause of judges like Frank M. Johnson, who had the courage to order the de-segregation of public accommodation facilities in this country. I am so proud that there are unsung heroes who took a stand when others would simply con-clude that this is not the right time, the country is not ready. 
There were many other judges who 
could have taken the same position that Frank M. Johnson took, but they didn’t do so. It takes courage to do the righteous thing. Frank M. Johnson was a righteous person, and he had the courage to do the righteous thing. 
In the case of the NAACP v. Dothard, 
which required Alabama to hire one Black State trooper for every White State trooper, which was to be done until parity was achieved, it was the Honorable Frank M. Johnson that or-dered this be done. 
Frank M. Johnson understood the ne-
cessity to have the DPS in Alabama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.074 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7329 October 28, 2015 
demonstrate diversity. He understood 
that if you have a diverse police de-partment, Department of Public Safe-ty, that you are going to get people 
there who can help other people be bet-ter people. It was by doing this that we got more Blacks into the Department of Public Safety in Alabama and, as a result, across the country later on. He had the courage to do this because he knew that Black lives matter. 
Now, this is not to say that only a 
certain color of person is going to make a good peace officer, not true. People of all hues, of all ethnicities, of all races, of all creeds can make good peace officers. But there are some who are not good, and those have to be re-moved from their positions. You ought not have people who don’t respect all people, but especially at this time when we are seeing so many things happen to Black people, that don’t un-derstand that Black lives matter. 
I cannot resist the temptation to 
avoid speaking about what happened to that young girl in South Carolina. I think the sheriff did the right thing. He has removed that officer from his department. But there is something about that case that I think we need to talk about very briefly, tersely, this: If the camera’s eye had not been there, I conclude, I prognosticate, he would not have been fired. He would not have been fired without the camera’s eye. 
The sheriff, himself, said that two 
adults who were there, who saw what happened—two adults, one a teacher— said they thought the officer’s behavior was correct. They didn’t have a prob-lem with the officer’s behavior. It was the eye of the camera, Mr. Speaker, that made the difference. The camera brings to us what we cannot acquire when we get people with conflicting stories about what happened. We had an opportunity to see for ourselves what happened. 
This is why we need body cameras. 
This is why Congressman C
LEAVER and 
I have introduced the CAM TIP Act in this Congress, so that people across the length and breadth of this country can be protected who are officers. If they have the body camera on, you have the evidence of what occurred. Citizens are protected. Officers can’t have these frivolous charges made real. They will help both officers and citizens. 
Body cameras make a difference. 
They are not the panacea; they are not the silver bullet; they won’t be the end- all; but they will be a means by which we will have additional evidence of what actually occurred. And many times that evidence is going to be much more potent, much more reveal-ing than what people will say when they have conflicting stories. 
I believe we ought to do all that we 
can to help the municipalities, the po-lice departments across the length and breadth of this country acquire these body cameras, because these body cam-eras will make a difference in the lives of people. 
In this case in South Carolina, if not 
but for the eye of the camera, I con-clude we would have different results 
because you had two adults who pro-claimed the actions of the officer to be appropriate. 
It was Frank M. Johnson who de-
clared that there should be parity in the DPS in Alabama. 
Finally, I want to mention this case. 
It is the case of a 39-year-old White fe-male, Viola Liuzzo, who came down to Alabama to do what she thought was the righteous thing and help in the civil rights movement. She was mur-dered by the KKK. And after an inform-ant in the KKK revealed the identities of the culprits, and when they were brought to trial with overwhelming evidence, in the first trial, there was a hung jury. In the second trial, an all- White jury acquitted the officers. In the third trial, before the Honorable Frank M. Johnson, they were all found guilty, but they were not found guilty without the judge requiring the jury to deliberate at length. He may have been one of the first to give what is known as an Allen charge today, requiring the jurors to continue to deliberate not-withstanding their belief that they had exhausted all of their options. He re-quired them to continue to deliberate; and, as a result, these three members of the KKK were found guilty. After having been found guilty, they were each sentenced to 10 years. 
So I am honored tonight to have 
brought to the attention of this august body, to the attention of our State of Texas, to the attention of the United States of America the many, many ex-ploits positive of Frank M. Johnson. I pray that this resolution will pass in the Congress of the United States of America for this unsung hero who un-derstood that Black lives matter. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe my time is up, 
and I am honored that you were gra-cious enough not to remove me from the microphone. Thank you for the ad-ditional time. God bless you. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. H UDSON (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today on account of at-
tending a funeral. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3819. An act to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, October 29, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3288. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Fresh Peppers From Ecuador Into the United States [Doc. No.: APHIS-2014-0086] (RIN: 0579-AE07) received October 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3289. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Uniform Adminis-trative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards; Di-rect Grant Programs (RIN: 1890-AA19) re-ceived October 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3290. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Student Assist-ance General Provisions, Federal Family Education Loan Program, and William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program [Docket ID: ED-2014-OPE-0161] (RIN: 1840-AD18) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3291. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Program Integ-
rity and Improvement [Docket ID: ED-2015- OPE-0020] (RIN: 1840-AD14) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
3292. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Table of Excluded Nonnarcotic Products: Vicks VapoInhaler [Docket No.: DEA-367] (RIN: 1117-AB39) re-ceived October 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3293. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Protection System, Automatic Reclosing, and Sudden Pressure Relaying Maintenance Reliability Standard [Docket No.: RM15-9- 000, Order No. 813] received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3294. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Table of Excluded Nonnarcotic Products: Nasal Decongestant Inhaler/Vapor Inhaler [Docket No.: DEA-409] (RIN: 1117-ZA30) received October 27, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3295. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC7.076 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7330 October 28, 2015 
transmitting a report by the Department on 
progress toward a negotiated solution of the Cyprus question covering the period of June 1 through July 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 620C(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, 
as amended, and in accordance with Sec. 1(a)(6) of Executive Order 13313; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3296. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Special Wage Schedules for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Flood Control Employees of the Vicksburg District in Mississippi (RIN: 3206-AN17) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3297. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Change of Address for the Interior Board of Indian Appeals received October 23, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3298. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Regulations, Areas of the National Park System, Klondike Gold Rush National Historical Park, Horse Man-agement [NPS-KLGO-19374; PPAKKLGOL0, PPMPRLE1Z.L00000] (RIN: 1024-AE27) re-ceived October 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3299. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the report on the administration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 for the six month period ending December 31, 2014, pursuant to Sec. 11 of the Foreign Agents Registration Act, as amended (22 U.S.C. 621); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
3300. A letter from the Federal Liaison Of-
ficer, United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Changes to Facilitate Applicant’s Authorization of Access to Unpublished U.S. Patent Applica-tions by Foreign Intellectual Property Of-fices [Docket No.: PTO-P-2014-0012] (RIN: 0651-AC95) received October 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
3301. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lockheed Martin Corporation/Lock-heed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1419; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-183-AD; Amendment 39- 18279; AD 2015-20-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3302. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbo-prop Engines (Type Certificate previously held by AlliedSignal Inc., Garrett Engine Di-vision; Garrett Turbine Engine Company; and AiResearch Manufacturing Company of Arizona) [Docket No.: FAA-2012-0913; Direc-torate Identifier 2012-NE-23-AD; Amendment 39-18261; AD 2015-18-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
3303. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0677; Direc-torate Identifier 2013-NM-244-AD; Amend-ment 39-18289; AD 2015-20-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3304. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0934; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-030-AD; Amendment 39-18287; AD 2015-20-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3305. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0656; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-224- AD; Amendment 39-18295; AD 2015-21-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3306. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lycoming Engines Fuel Injected Re-ciprocating Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2007- 0218; Directorate Identifier 92-ANE-56-AD; Amendment 39-18269; AD 2015-19-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3307. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; M7 Aerospace LLC Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2207; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-003-AD; Amendment 39-18272; AD 2015-19-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3308. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; PILATUS AIRCRAFT LTD. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2775; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-021-AD; Amendment 39- 18277; AD 2015-19-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3309. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0773; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-068-AD; Amendment 39-18271; AD 2015-19-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3310. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0494; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-160-AD; Amendment 39-18275; AD 2015-19-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3311. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH (formerly Eurocopter Deutschland GmbH) (Airbus Helicopters) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2012-0503; Directorate Identifier 2011-SW-032-AD; Amendment 39-18276; AD 2015-19-14] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3312. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Piaggio Aero Industries S.p.A. Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2466; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-CE-018-AD; Amendment 39-18273; AD 2015-19-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3313. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0929; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-118-AD; Amendment 39-18274; AD 2015-19-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3314. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Poplarville-Pearl River County Airport, MS [Docket No.: FAA-2012-1210; Air-space Docket No.: 12-ASO-42] received Octo-ber 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
3315. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Mackall AAF, NC [Docket No.: FAA-2015-3057; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO- 9] received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3316. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class C Airspace; Portland International Airport, OR [Docket No.: FAA-2015-2905; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AWA-3] (RIN: 2120-AA66) received Oc-tober 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3317. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace for the following Nebraska towns: Albion, NE; Bassett, NE; Lexington, NE [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0841; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ACE-3] received October 23, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28OC7.000 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7331 October 28, 2015 
3318. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-
man, FMCSA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — General Technical, Organizational, Conforming, and Correcting Amendments to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regula-tions [Docket No.: FMCSA-2015-0207] (RIN: 2126-AB83) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
3319. A letter from the Senior Assistant 
Chief Counsel for Hazmat Safety Law, PHMSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Hazardous Materials: Special Permit and Ap-provals Standard Operating Procedures and Evaluation Process [Docket No.: PHMSA- 2012-0260 (HM-233E)] (RIN: 2137-AE99) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3320. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
Regulations Officer, FHWA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Design Standards for Highways [Docket No.: FHWA-2015-0003] (RIN: 2125-AF67) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
3321. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Request for Comments on Definitions of Section 48 Property [Notice 2015-70] re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3322. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB rule — Morehouse v. Commissioner, 769 F.3d 616 (8th Cir. 2014), rev’g 140 T.C. 350 (2013) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3323. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Update for Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates [No-tice 2015-71] received October 23, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3324. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Supplement to Rev. Proc. 2014-64, Im-plementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations (Rev. Proc. 2015-50) re-ceived October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3325. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — Novem-ber 2015 (Rev. Rul. 2015-22) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3326. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2015 National Pool (Rev. Proc. 2015-49) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3327. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — Listing Notice for Basket Option Con-tacts [Notice 2015-73] received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 2643. A bill to direct the Attorney General to provide State officials with access to criminal history information with respect to certain financial service pro-viders required to undergo State criminal background checks, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–316, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2510. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus depreciation; with an amendment (Rept. 114–317, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2510 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
The Committee on the Judiciary dis-
charged from further consideration. H.R. 2643 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-
self and Mrs. T ORRES ): 
H.R. 3842. A bill to improve homeland secu-
rity, including domestic preparedness and re-sponse to terrorism, by reforming Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to pro-vide training to first responders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 3843. A bill to authorize for a 7-year 
period the collection of claim location and maintenance fees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3844. A bill to establish the Energy 
and Minerals Reclamation Foundation to en-courage, obtain, and use gifts, devises, and bequests for projects to reclaim abandoned mine lands and orphan oil and gas well sites, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: 
H.R. 3845. A bill to amend the Federal Crop 
Insurance Act to repeal the changes regard-ing the Standard Reinsurance Agreement en-acted as part of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. N EAL, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. K IND, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
REED): 
H.R. 3846. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to improve the Historic Re-habilitation Tax Credit, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ISSA (for himself, Mr. P
ETER -
SON, and Mr. H UNTER ): 
H.R. 3847. A bill to provide for reforms of 
the Export-Import Bank of the United States; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. BENISHEK (for himself and 
Mrs. D
INGELL ): 
H.R. 3848. A bill to reaffirm and clarify the 
Federal relationship of the Burt Lake Band as a distinct federally recognized Indian Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 3849. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to ensure access to qualified acupuncturist services for military members and military dependents, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure access to acupuncturist services through the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of qualified acupuncturist serv-ices under the Medicare program; to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the appointment of qualified acupuncturists as officers in the commissioned Regular Corp and the Ready Reserve Corps of the Public Health Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
C
ONNOLLY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, 
Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 3850. A bill to provide for additional 
protections and disclosures to consumers when financial products or services are re-lated to the consumers’ military or Federal pensions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, Armed Services, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 3851. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to authorize appointment of Doctors of Chiropractic to regular and re-serve corps of the Public Health Service Commissioned Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself and Mr. 
H
ANNA ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28OC7.000 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7332 October 28, 2015 
H.R. 3852. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Energy to conduct a study on the benefits of solar net energy metering, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 3853. A bill to provide the Attorney 
General with greater discretion in issuing Federal firearms licenses, and to authorize temporarily greater scrutiny of Federal fire-arms licensees who have transferred a fire-arm unlawfully or had 10 or more crime guns traced back to them in the preceding 2 years; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 3854. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require all po-litical committees to notify the Federal Election Commission within 48 hours of re-ceiving cumulative contributions of $1,000 or more from any contributor during a calendar year, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. 
F
ORBES , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. 
RENACCI ): 
H.R. 3855. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide each individual tax-payer a receipt for an income tax payment which itemizes the portion of the payment which is allocable to various Government spending categories; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARNEY ): 
H.R. 3856. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a safe harbor for de minimis errors on information returns and payee statements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H. Con. Res. 88. Concurrent resolution re-
affirming the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances as the cornerstone of United States-Taiwan relations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. 
W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ALBERG , 
Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. W ALK-
ER, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. 
BURGESS ): 
H. Res. 500. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the State of Israel has the right to defend itself against Iranian hostility and that the House of Representatives pledges to support Israel in its efforts to maintain its sov-ereignty; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H. Res. 501. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the of House of Representatives that the United States postal facility network is an asset of significant value and the United States Postal Service should take appro-priate measures to maintain, modernize and fully utilize the existing post office network for economic growth; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. 
C
OHEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER ): 
H. Res. 502. A resolution honoring the life, 
legacy, and example of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on the 20th anniver-sary of his death; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 3842. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer there-of. 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 3843. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, 
section 8, clause 18 
By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3844. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, section 3, clause 2 and Article I, 
section 8, clause 18 
By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: 
H.R. 3845. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
of the United States Constitution, Congress has the authority to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 3846. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. he Congress en-acts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. ISSA: 
H.R. 3847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H.R. 3848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 3849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 3851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 3852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. MOORE: 
H.R. 3853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE: 
H.R. 3854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 4 of Article I of the Constitution: The times, places and manner of holding 
elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legis-lature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing Senators. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: 
H.R. 3855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce; as enumerated in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 3856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 140: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 184: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 209: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN and Mr. 
MCNERNEY . 
H.R. 213: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 271: Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
H.R. 282: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 381: Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 452: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 546: Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. W HITFIELD , and 
Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 592: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. H INOJOSA . 
H.R. 664: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 703: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
LAMALFA . 
H.R. 932: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 938: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 953: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. 
TURNER . 
H.R. 985: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 987: Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. T URNER and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1089: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 1150: Mr. H ANNA . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28OC7.100 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7333 October 28, 2015 
H.R. 1197: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. 
KAPTUR , and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 1301: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, and Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1401: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M OONEY of West 
Virginia, and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1492: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1517: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 1672: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. 
NEAL, and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1688: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1709: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. F ATTAH , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. K IND, Ms. E DWARDS , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 1814: Ms. M ENG, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
COOPER , and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1886: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 1961: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2050: Mrs. D AVIS of California. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 2169: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 2185: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 2241: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut and 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 2375: Mr. F ATTAH  
H.R. 2382: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 2418: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2434: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 2450: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 2515: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota. 
H.R. 2546: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 2612: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2623: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2656: Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 2657: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. 
LIPINSKI . 
H.R. 2660: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. S PEIER , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. R USH, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2689: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2754: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 2759: Mr. P ETERS on. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. V ARGAS and Mr. M EEHAN . H.R. 2880: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Ms. B ASS, Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 2894: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2896: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. H OLDING and Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2915: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2932: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 2962: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G RAYSON , and 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2978: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 3041: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3046: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 3055: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 3067: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3071: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3084: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 3119: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina 
and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 3126: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3183: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 3216: Mr. O LSON and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 3222: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 3225: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3229: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 3237: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T IP-
TON, and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3323: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. B LUMand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 3339: Ms. M OORE , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
COHEN , and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 3399: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. 
BLUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3423: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. 
HURTof Virginia. 
H.R. 3471: Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. K USTER , and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3484: Mr. B ECERRA . 
H.R. 3488: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R IGELL , and 
Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3514: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3534: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 3535: Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 3542: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3543: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3549: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 3556: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P IERLUISI , and 
Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 3580: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 3621: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 3632: Ms. T SONGAS and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3652: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3658: Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 3664: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3666: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
and Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 3696: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas and Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 3729: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 3751: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 3756: Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3765: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 3770: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3776: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 3781: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 3782: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 3783: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 3786: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 3800: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3802: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 3803: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 3804: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
MEADOWS . 
H.R. 3805: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 3815: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3841: Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. H AHN, and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.J. Res. 48: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.J. Res. 70: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. B YRNE , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L AMALFA , 
and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. L ONG, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. C RAMER , 
and Mr. B ARR. 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. H UDSON , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. L ONG, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. C RAMER , 
and Mr. B ARR. 
H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H. Res. 32: Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. P AYNE , and 
Mr. F OSTER . 
H. Res. 110: Ms. S PEIER . 
H. Res. 265: Ms. M ENG. 
H. Res. 346: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S IRES, and Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida. 
H. Res. 386: Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Res. 393: Mr. N ADLER and Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois. 
H. Res. 416: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H. Res. 428: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. F ARR, and 
Ms. N ORTON . 
H. Res. 467: Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
and Ms. M OORE . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC7.030 H28OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7551 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2015 No. 159 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Eternal God, who remembers the 
weary, lift Your hand and we shall live. You are King forever, hearing the de-sires of the discouraged and encour-aging them. 
Today, lead our Senators, and may 
their labors honor You. Use their tal-ents to bring concord to Capitol Hill. Lord, make our lawmakers instru-ments of Your prevailing providence. Give them a spirit of peace, even in the midst of life’s storms. May they follow Your example of sacrificial service, striving to commit themselves to jus-tice and truth. Place Your truth in their minds, Your love in their hearts, and Your compassion on their lips. 
Lord, make us all instruments of 
Your will on Earth, upholding us with Your righteous right hand. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL AND FISCAL AGREEMENT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-
terday the Senate voted overwhelming to pass another piece of important leg-
islation for our country. By a vote of 74 to 21, the Senate said yes to protecting the private information of every Amer-ican. The significant bill we passed would do so through the sharing of threat information from cyber attacks. 
It couldn’t have passed without the 
hard work of Senators from both sides of the aisle. I particularly thank Sen-ator M
CCAIN, Senator R ONJOHNSON , 
and Senator T OMCARPER , who worked 
hard to move this bill forward. I appre-ciate in particular the outstanding work of our chairman, Senator B
URR 
from North Carolina, and our vice chair, Senator F
EINSTEIN from Cali-
fornia. They worked together seamlessly to move this challenging bill forward. 
It is worth noting something the vice 
chair recently said. She said: ‘‘One of the things I’ve learned from two prior bills of this type is that if you really want to get a bill done, it’s got to be bipartisan—particularly a bill that’s technical and difficult and hard to put together.’’ 
After watching the Senate fail to act 
on cyber threat information sharing for years, the new Senate majority re-solved to move forward instead. As our Democratic colleague from California put it, ‘‘We stood shoulder to shoulder and the right things happened.’’ 
Yesterday’s bipartisan vote was an 
important step forward for our coun-try. It represents the new Senate’s lat-est notable accomplishment on behalf of the American people. We remain de-termined to keep pushing ahead as Congress continues its work to send a strong cyber security bill to the Presi-dent’s desk. 
On another matter, the House will 
soon consider the fiscal agreement. After the House acts, the Senate will take up the measure. Republicans ap-proached the recent fiscal negotiations with several goals: No. 1, reject the tax increases proposed by Democrats; No. 2, secure long-term savings via struc-tural entitlement reforms; and No. 3, 
protect our troops and strengthen na-tional security. The agreement pending before the House meets those goals. It is not perfect—far from it—but here is what we know: It is offset with other cuts and savings. It would enact the most significant reform to Social Secu-rity since 1983, resulting in $168 billion in long-term savings. It would repeal more of ObamaCare. It would provide greater certainty to our military plan-ners to help ensure readiness and pre-paredness for our troops. 
At a time of diverse and challenging 
global threats, when we see ISIL con-solidating gains in Iraq and Syria and Russian aircraft flying over Syria as the forces of Assad march alongside Iranian soldiers and Hezbollah militias, the importance of this cannot be over-stated. 
Our All-Volunteer Force loyally goes 
into harm’s way, and our commanders tell us that additional resources are re-quired to ensure their safety and pre-paredness. 
I urge my colleagues to consider 
these important issues as they con-tinue to examine the agreement. We plan to consider it after the House acts. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
BUDGET AGREEMENT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, our goals 
regarding the budget agreement were to make sure that we got rid of seques-tration—we did that for 2 years—and that we had a treatment in this legisla-tion where defense, which is so impor-tant to our country, is treated no bet-ter or no worse than nondefense. We accomplished that. 
We are months behind in the appro-
priations process because the Repub-lican leader decided he was going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.000 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7552 October 28, 2015 
push forward and not take care of the 
middle class. I was stunned—I shouldn’t say that. That is not appro-priate. I was not surprised when the Republican leader laid out his goals for his budget agreement—not a single word about the middle class. 
I compliment the negotiators for 
coming up with something that is real-ly good. It is a 2-year deal that allows more money to be spent for defense and nondefense, and it doesn’t affect the deficit in any way. It is a good agree-ment. 
Before we start the backslapping and 
congratulations, let’s make sure that we, first of all, pass the budget agree-ment. I think we will. I was happy to see the new Speaker-to-be came out for the budget agreement today. He com-plained about it yesterday, and when he was reminded that it was the same pattern he and Senator M
URRAY came 
up with 2 years ago, I guess he changed his mind. He said now he is in favor of this. I think that is good, that Con-gressman R
YANsaid that. 
After we pass the budget framework 
by December 11, we have to make sure the appropriators are able to move for-ward on legislation that takes into consideration the budget agreement we have. I am certain that can be done, but it is not a given based on all of the finger-pointing by the Republicans. 
This is a significant agreement. I re-
peat: We have relief from the vexatious sequestration. We have dollar-for-dol-lar help for the middle class as well as defense. There are no destructive riders in this. 
When we work together, as we are 
supposed to do—as the Republican leader just mentioned—on legislation, it works out well. 
I would suggest this. We had the 
House of Representatives yesterday, after years of refusing to move forward on an important piece of legislation— that is, to reestablish the Import-Ex-port Bank. It only came about as a re-sult of courageous Republicans saying: We have had enough of this. 
This is one of the most important 
business-directed initiatives we have here, and it has been held up for years in the House of Representatives. It was because of these courageous Repub-licans who said: We have had enough of this. And they joined with Democrats to do what is rarely done in the House of Representatives. They signed a dis-charge petition—getting more than 218 votes—to say: We have had enough of this stalling; we want to move forward. And they did. Yesterday, that passed by a vote of 313 votes. That is a tre-mendous push. 
I hope that over here the Republican 
leader will move forward on this now. There are stories coming out every day about American companies that are moving their businesses overseas be-cause the Export-Import Bank is gone. It creates 160,000 jobs for people to work in this industry. It is important to our country. Right now, businesses are moving out of the United States be-cause this legislation never came for-
ward. The Bank had to close. It is basi-cally closed right now. 
I hope that we are not going to wait 
for some package deal with the high-way bill. The highway bill should stand or fall on its own merits. 
We are pleading with the Republicans 
to allow us to have a vote on this. We have Republicans who will vote with us. Virtually every Democrat will vote for it. We should get it done this week. Every day it is held up is a bad day for the American business community. 
I ask the Chair to announce the busi-
ness for today. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12 noon, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
THE BUDGET 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it is pos-
sible this week that we will pass a budget agreement for the fiscal year we are currently in. That year started Oc-tober 1 and runs, of course, until the end of December in the next calendar year. If we do reach that agreement— and I hope we do—it is going to give us some opportunities. One opportunity it will give us is to spare ourselves the possibility of this Congress failing to enact a new budget ceiling to basically guarantee the full faith and credit of the United States of America. We won’t face that showdown. Also, the possibility of a government shutdown will be relieved by the passage of this budget agreement. 
Those are good, positive things for 
this institution and for the economy of America, but there are specifics that also need to be noted because this budget agreement gives us a chance to invest in areas of our budget that sadly would have been overlooked if we hadn’t reached this agreement. 
This morning we had an extraor-
dinary presentation by the National In-stitutes of Health. Twenty Senators came to hear the presentation about research at the National Institutes of Health and what it means to us. Dr. Francis Collins is the Director and is an extraordinary man. He is a medical doctor who was given the task of map-ping the human genome and did it. He did it in an extraordinary way, cre-ating new information and new oppor-tunities. 
A doctor from the Mayo Clinic ex-
plained what that meant. It meant that we have now reached a point where we can map the genome of indi-
viduals, their DNA, and we can then make decisions on the appropriate pre-scriptions for illnesses and diseases they face and in doing that, be more ef-fective, save lives. That is what med-ical research can mean. Each of us will not only have a basic biography in our medical record—when we were born and some of the basic illnesses we have faced—but also our individual map of our DNA, which will instruct doctors when it comes to treatment of cancer, if it should strike us, or some other disease. 
It is an amazing leap forward. It is a 
leap forward that would not be possible without medical research. Yet, in the past 12 years, we have seen a downturn in investment in medical research of more than 20 percent—more than 20 percent. It has meant that a lot of re-searchers have been discouraged and walked away and said there is no fu-ture in medical research. What a loss. They don’t make a lot of money—many of them don’t. If they don’t think we are going to support them with our in-vestment in NIH and medical research, they look in other places. 
This morning we considered where we 
are. At this moment in time, the Sen-ate, under the leadership of Senator B
LUNT of Missouri and the Appropria-
tions subcommittee on health and human services, has provided basically a 7-percent increase in the funding for the National Institutes of Health next year. That is a good thing. 
I will say quickly that Senator 
B
LUNT cut a lot of other areas in his 
bill that I think need to have help, but I hope that he will stand tall and tough when it comes to that 7-percent in-crease as we approach this budget ne-gotiation. The House, conversely, did not give such an increase to NIH, but they increased the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which is a companion sister agency that is impor-tant for medical research. 
We have a chance to come together 
on a bipartisan basis and come up with a number that gives 5-percent real growth in spending at both the Na-tional Institutes of Health and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It will pay us back many times over. 
Most Americans say: What are we 
going to do about the cost of Medicare? Medicare is an important program to over 40 million Americans, and the costs keep going up. There are two facts that we learned about this morn-ing and people should be aware of them: $1 out of every $5 spent under our Medicare system is spent on Alz-heimer’s and dementia. If we could have a means of early detection, pre-vention, treatment or cure for these horrible diseases, that would dramati-cally change the lives of millions of Americans and millions of families, and it would dramatically reduce the cost to Medicare and Medicaid. 
Medicare spends $1 out of $3 for the 
treatment of people with diabetes. If we put the research into finding a cure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.002 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7553 October 28, 2015 
for diabetes and can alleviate the suf-
fering associated with that disease, it not only will help lives across America, but it will save us money in our impor-tant health care programs. Investment in medical research by the United States of America has been the pillar for the world when it comes to looking to a better day for the people who live in each country. 
This brain initiative, which was de-
scribed to us this morning by the Na-tional Institutes of Health, needs to be funded. It is not adequately funded now. We dedicated some $350 million to Alzheimer’s and brain research. It sounds like a lot of money. It is about one-third of what the researchers need. They have that many opportunities waiting to be funded. Will they all suc-ceed? No, but that is the nature of re-search, and each one of them will be a good investment which will lead us to the day of prevention, treatment, and a cure when it comes to Alzheimer’s. 
I hope that we come together on a bi-
partisan basis when it comes to this budget. In this area of medical re-search, there is plenty of room for us to work together, and there has al-ready been leadership shown on the other side of the aisle. We are going to help to try to move that forward, both in the Senate and in the House, on a bi-partisan basis. 
When I meet with people across my 
State—and I guess many other States— and talk about political issues, there are a lot of folks with some very strongly held opinions on one side or the other, but when it comes to fund-ing medical research, I have found that this is the kind of issue that opens the doors. People of all political stripes agree this is a good investment for the future of America. 
f 
UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, it hasn’t 
been a very good week or two for the University of Phoenix. The University of Phoenix is the largest for-profit uni-versity in the United States. Univer-sity of Phoenix students cumulatively owe more in student debt than any other institution of higher education in America. The students enroll at this university, which is largely online but has some classroom experience, they sign up for a higher tuition than they would at community colleges or most universities, and when they can’t finish and drop out, they still have debt, or when they finish, they may have a di-ploma that can’t find a job. 
The University of Phoenix—this pri-
vate, for-profit company—receives nearly $3 billion a year in Federal Stu-dent Aid funding, but the quality of education from this for-profit school is suspect. The for-profit college and uni-versity industry is the most heavily subsidized for-profit business in Amer-ica. We have seen a lot of warning signs about the University of Phoenix. We’ve seen how they target the military and veterans. Paul Rieckhoff of the Iraq and Af-
ghanistan Veterans of America said that the University of Phoenix ‘‘is con-stantly reported as the single worst by far’’ when it comes to for-profit col-leges taking advantage of veterans. 
Well, it has caught up with them. A 
few weeks ago the University of Phoe-nix was placed on probation by the De-partment of Defense, restricting the company from enrolling new service-members who used the Department’s tuition assistance or spousal MyCAA programs. The Department found viola-tions by the company, the University of Phoenix, after completing a review prompted by an investigative report from the Center for Investigative Re-porting. 
The article that started this inves-
tigation exposed the University of Phoenix’s strategy to flout Department of Defense rules, including an Execu-tive order meant to protect our serv-icemembers—men and women in uni-form and their spouses—from aggres-sive and unfair recruiting by for-profit colleges. You see, if these for-profit colleges can sign up a member of the military or their spouse, they can bring in the money that is set aside in the Tuition Assistance program for education and training, and so they want to sign up as many members of the military and their families as they can. 
The University of Phoenix avoided 
the rules set down by the Department of Defense by sponsoring events at military bases—not just a few but a lot. In one instance they paid $25,000 to sponsor a concert for military members and their families. They spent $25,000 for a concert? The company gave away computers and wrapped the stage in a giant University of Phoenix banner. They used official Department of De-fense seals and logos on challenge coins and gave them out to servicemembers in order to show that they had some kind of close relationship with the military. 
In other instances found by the Cen-
ter for Investigative Reporting, the University of Phoenix sponsored re-sume workshops, which essentially amounted to recruiting members of the military and their family to sign up for this for-profit college. According to the article, the company sponsored hun-dreds of events, such as rock concerts, Super Bowl parties, father-daughter dances, Easter egg hunts, chocolate festivals, fashion shows, and even brunch with Santa, on military bases. 
The University of Phoenix spent 
$250,000 to sponsor events over the last 3 years at one place—Fort Campbell, KY. Let’s face it, these were recruit-ment events for the University of Phoenix, and they were paid for, by and large, with taxpayers’ dollars. In the name of corporate sponsorship, the University of Phoenix could gain direct access to military bases with a nod and a wink from servicemembers. They told them they cared about the mili-tary. They also cared about the fact that they had potential students who 
would sign up and spend their TA bene-fits at the University of Phoenix. It paid off for them. The University of Phoenix is the fourth largest recipient of Department of Defense tuition as-sistance funds. In fiscal year 2014 the University of Phoenix received more than $20 million from these benefits. It is not surprising then that the com-pany would be so concerned about the decision by the Department of Defense to put them on probation. It means they will lose access to millions of dol-lars from these military families, and it was reflected when their stock went down in value. 
Since the Department of Defense 
took action against the company, the University of Phoenix stock value has plummeted nearly 50 percent. In its de-cision, the Department of Defense also cited concerns related to ongoing in-vestigations of this same University of Phoenix by the Federal Trade Commis-sion and the attorney general of the State of California. In fact, there are two ongoing investigations of the Uni-versity of Phoenix by the Federal Trade Commission, one is related to de-ceptive marketing and advertising, and a second is related to safeguarding stu-dent and staff personal information. 
In addition to the attorney general in 
California, at least two other States are also investigating the company. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Com-mission and the Department of Edu-cation inspector general also have on-going investigations at the University of Phoenix. 
The Department of Defense is not 
alone. Many agencies, Federal and State, are investigating this major for- profit university. They do have some friends though, and one of them is the Wall Street Journal. 
Last week, on the same day an edi-
torial of a similar tone appeared in the Wall Street Journal, a few of my col-leagues in the Senate sent a letter to the Secretary of Defense, Ash Carter, telling him to lay off the University of Phoenix despite the fact that the De-partment noted the violations were of such frequency and such scope that they were ‘‘disconcerting.’’ My col-leagues in the Senate think the De-partment of Defense’s decision to pro-tect servicemembers and to put this university under probation was ‘‘un-fair.’’ 
There is no question that the Depart-
ment of Defense has a duty and a re-sponsibility to protect members of the military and their families from ex-ploitation. They have established rules under the Voluntary Military Edu-cation Program, and now my col-leagues in the Senate are writing let-ters to the Department of Defense say-ing: Look the other way. The letter they sent criticized the Department for its concern over the University of Phoenix’s continued participation in Voluntary Military Education Program in light of the multiple ongoing inves-tigations. I think it would be grossly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.003 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7554 October 28, 2015 
irresponsible for the Department of De-
fense to back off of this protection of our military because of a letter from Members of the Senate. 
The broad and ongoing regulatory 
scrutiny of the University of Phoenix gives the Department of Defense legiti-mate cause for concern when it comes to the company’s future participation in the Voluntary Military Education Program. 
My colleagues in their letter said: 
‘‘The TA program is critical to our na-tion’s servicemembers’ educational and career opportunities.’’ I couldn’t agree more. That is exactly why the Depart-ment of Defense should ignore the de-mand of my Senate colleagues and ex-actly why they should not turn a blind eye to the University of Phoenix’s vio-lations. 
In order to provide quality edu-
cational options for servicemembers and to ensure that taxpayer dollars are not being wasted, we must promote in-tegrity in the program, and the highest priority should not be the profitability of a for-profit university, such as the University of Phoenix. The highest pri-ority is quality education and training for the members of the military. I thank the Department of Defense for taking this bold action and encourage them to remain steadfast in protecting students, military members, their fam-ilies, and taxpayers when it comes to future decisions related to the Univer-sity of Phoenix’s participation in the Voluntary Military Education Pro-gram. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, we 
are on the floor in celebration of the American democracy, that occasion-ally things can work, and that we can overcome extremes in our country and actually pull together to do something for American manufacturers, to do something for American businesses, and to do what is right. 
I know my colleague, the senior Sen-
ator from the great State of Wash-ington, is on a short timeframe, so be-fore I proceed with my remarks I would like to yield the floor to Senator M
UR-
RAY. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am 
delighted to be here with my colleague, and I thank the Senator from North Dakota for her exhilaration we all share because of the vote last night in the House overwhelmingly in support of Ex-Im. I am here to reiterate my strong sup-
port for reauthorization of the Export- Import Bank, and I applaud the Mem-bers of the House who easily passed the reauthorization bill last night. It is ac-tually easy to see why the bill got so much support. It is good for American jobs, it is good for small businesses, and it reduces our national debt. The fact that Republican leadership has let this program go dark for so long, held hostage by political pandering, is out-rageous. 
The longer Ex-Im is shuttered, the 
more it hurts American competitive-ness. In my home State of Washington, nearly 100 businesses—the majority of them medium or small businesses— used the Bank services last year to help sell their products overseas. We are talking about everything from Apple and airplane parts to beer and wine, to software and medical training supplies. In fact, I actually recently visited one of these small businesses— a brewery in Seattle. 
In 2011, Hilliard’s Brewery started 
with three employees dedicated to making good beer. Thanks to a loan from the Ex-Im Bank, Hilliard’s tapped into foreign markets and developed a following. Fast forward to 2015. They have dramatically increased their pro-duction, they continue to grow, and they built a business that thrives today. 
The reality is that people in other 
countries want American-made prod-ucts. That is great because these busi-nesses support tens of thousands of jobs around the country and they keep our economy moving. The Export-Im-port Bank is the right investment be-cause it expands American businesses’ access to emerging foreign markets, creating jobs right here at home. Do you know what it costs taxpayers? Not a single penny. In fact, the Export-Im-port Bank puts money back into our country. 
Here is the bottom line: Republican 
leaders allowed partisan pandering to put the brakes on a program that cre-ates jobs, strengthens our small busi-nesses, and helps our economy grow. I believe—and I am joining my col-leagues today—it is time to put this ideology aside. Let’s restart this prov-en program. It is critical the Ex-Im Bank continues to receive the strong bipartisan support we have seen in the past as we work to reauthorize this bill that is a success. I am proud to join my colleagues to say let’s get this done. 
Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, yes-
terday was a great day, and it was a great day not just because something we have worked so long and hard on ac-tually was advanced, and that we care about, reopening the Ex-Im Bank, but it was when a majority of people in the U.S. Congress stood up, led by a Repub-lican from Tennessee, Representative F
INCHER , and actually said: We are not going to let hard rightwing politics get 
in the way of American jobs, American manufacturing opportunities, and get in the way of moving our country for-ward. I think that speaks volumes, and I hope it becomes an opportunity to move other broad bipartisan pieces of legislation forward. 
The frustration the American people 
have with the U.S. Congress is that things that seem to be no-brainers— legislation that seems to be so obvious in terms of the right kind of policy—do not get done in the U.S. Congress. So I am elated with what happened over in the House. 
Now the ball is back in our court. We 
have been waiting for a number of months to see House movement on this. Because of the discharge petition, because of this big vote, we now see House movement. The House has done their job. It is now time for us to do our job. 
I want to point out a couple of things 
about that vote. It ended up being over 70 percent of the House of Representa-tives. Think about that. In this time of hard partisan fighting, we have 70 per-cent of a body agreeing to an impor-tant public policy. What also is signifi-cant about that vote is 127 Repub-licans—in fact, a majority of Repub-licans in the House—voted to support the Ex-Im Bank, reauthorize it, open it up, and open up this opportunity for American manufacturers. 
There can be no debate. Along with 
my colleague from Washington, we have been saying all along that we be-lieved there was broad support in the House of Representatives to do this. I think they hadn’t had a test vote in the past. Now we know, and we can say it with great certainty, not only is there majority support, there is super-majority support for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Now it is our turn. Now it is our job 
once again. A few short months ago I stood in this body, working with my two great colleagues who have joined me on the floor, to push back and say: Look, if we believe in a trade agenda, we believe as the three of us have voted, to support TPA. We are now evaluating and analyzing TPP. What sense does it make to take one of the most significant and important trade tools such as the Ex-Im Bank—some-thing that levels the playing field and creates huge opportunities for us to be competitive against a world where these kind of private agencies are sup-ported by every major economy and every major government, including some of the developing nations right now—what sense does it make to shut down or restrict that tool? In what world does that make sense? We have been making this commonsense argu-ment and fighting against things that make absolutely no sense and, quite honestly, in many ways seems almost idiotic. 
Unfortunately, there are casualties 
to this failure in America today. Amer-ican jobs have been lost, American eco-nomic opportunity has been lost, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.004 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7555 October 28, 2015 
America’s position as a leading manu-
facturer and exporter of quality goods has been challenged because we have sent a message that we are not open for business. We have sent the message that we no longer are going to engage with the rest of the world in terms of developing and supporting exports. That is the wrong message. 
I think the House yesterday sent a 
huge message to those foreign nation-als in those countries who think we were willing to basically abrogate the ground—give the ground away to other companies from other countries. We sent a loud-and-clear message that is not going to happen on our watch. 
I rise to make one final point before 
I ask my colleagues to join me. I will make one final point, which is this bill is going to come over from the House of Representatives. We have been hav-ing this discussion about what can we attach it to. We need to attach it to something because the House will not take it independently. Isn’t that what we have been hearing; that the House couldn’t possibly move this without being on a so called must-have piece of legislation. That argument is way gone. It has been blown up by the vote yesterday in the House of Representa-tives. 
Now that we no longer have that ar-
gument and we know we have a super-majority here—at least 64 votes and probably likely 67 votes for the Kirk- Heitkamp bill—we need to move this bill now. Let’s open the Ex-Im Bank. Let’s tell American small businesses that we are on their side. Let’s tell American manufacturers that we hear you. We hear that we can’t put you in a challenging and competitive global economy and then weigh you down with 100 pounds of inactivity on the Ex-Im Bank. 
We are going to be talking a lot 
about this in the next 2 or 3 weeks be-cause it is not enough to wait for the next must-pass vehicle to pass through. I jokingly tell my staff I am going to introduce a bill called the vehicle and say: Here it is. The bill is ready to go right now. We are ready to make this happen. I am very excited for the Ex- Im Bank but more excited for so many of our workers, so many of our small businesses that have struggled and that have wondered why Washington cannot listen to their concerns. I think that question was answered yesterday, so I am very excited to call on my col-league from the great State of New Hampshire to also talk about the im-portance of the Ex-Im Bank at this point. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am 
delighted to join my colleagues on the floor, Senator H
EITKAMP , Senator M UR-
RAY, and Senator C ANTWELL . I thank 
them for their leadership in keeping the issue of reauthorizing the Export- Import Bank front and center in this Congress. We are here to celebrate what the House did yesterday in voting overwhelmingly with a bipartisan ma-
jority to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank. The House did what many people have been predicting for months they would do if they could actually get this bill to the floor; that is, pass it with an over-whelmingly bipartisan majority, in-cluding a majority of House Repub-licans. 
Why are we so concerned about reau-
thorizing the Ex-Im Bank? It is be-cause—as Senator H
EITKAMP said so 
well—exporting has become increas-ingly important throughout the coun-try, especially in my home State of New Hampshire and for so many of our small businesses that are looking to stay competitive in this global econ-omy. Ex-Im levels the playing field, and when American companies have a level playing field they can compete and win. 
Unfortunately, it has been a small 
ideological minority of Members of Congress in both the Senate and the House who have kept this legislation from coming to the floor and have kept the Ex-Im Bank shut down. The vote yesterday shows it is time to change that. 
Ex-Im provides billions of dollars of 
money to help American manufactur-ers reach foreign markets. It has been 4 months now since the Bank’s charter expired and we are already starting to see the consequences. Some companies have discussed moving manufacturing from the United States, which means we will lose manufacturing jobs. We are going to start seeing consequences for small businesses as they start los-ing out on new sales because they are operating at a disadvantage. 
Businesses such as Boyle Energy in 
New Hampshire have gotten support from the Ex-Im Bank. The Bank has supported $314 million in export sales from New Hampshire businesses since 2009. It is time for the Senate to take up this legislation, to pass it, to come together and get this done for our small businesses, for our economy, and for our jobs. 
I thank my colleagues, and I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
thank my great colleague from New Hampshire, who has done so much in her State to raise awareness about the importance of the Ex-Im Bank and who has also stood firm with the two great Senators from Washington, the Sen-ator from Missouri, and the Senator from Delaware to basically say: You cannot just look at trade agreements and think you got every piece of impor-tant trade legislation passed. 
So she has been a champion. But we 
all have to admit that none of us have been as diligent, none of us have been as eloquent, and none of us have been as tenacious as the great Senator from the great State of Washington, who un-
derstands this issue so well and has been fighting for this issue for a num-ber of years. So I yield the floor to the Senator from Washington. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
would like to thank my colleagues for coming to the Senate floor this morn-
ing to give an important message to our colleagues—that it is now time to take up the Export-Import Bank issue and pass that legislation today. 
I thank my colleague from North Da-
kota, who has had this legislation in the Senate and has worked hard on the banking committee to make sure this legislation is moving forward and has been there at every step in the process. Being from a State that knows exports matter, she knows that having a fi-nance regime that allows banks to take advantage of the fact that they need credit insurance has been a good thing for the American economy. It has helped us grow jobs in the United States, as we are selling exports to overseas markets. So she has been a stalwart. 
My colleague from New Hampshire 
who just left the floor, Senator S
HA-
HEEN —I have visited her State and fa-
cilities and manufacturers involved in aerospace and other types of manufac-turing that are trying to win in the international marketplace with their products by selling them overseas. 
When we cancel a program that actu-
ally helps us pay down the deficit— those individuals who get financing through a bank and a credit agency like the Export-Import Bank actually have to pay a fee. That has actually helped us reduce the deficit. It is money paid every year, and it helps us reduce the deficit. My colleague Sen-ator S
HAHEEN has been a great advo-
cate for reauthorization of the Export- Import Bank. 
As my colleagues have talked about, 
the dirty little secret is out in Wash-ington; that is, you cannot pass the Ex- Im Bank reauthorization because there is not enough support in the Congress to do so. Well, the answer is, that was a bunch of hooey promulgated by some very conservative think tanks that wanted to hold conservative Repub-licans hostage, and then they tried to hold all of us hostage. That is right— they tried to hold all of us hostage, saying that we cannot pass this. 
We know the House of Representa-
tives, with 313 votes—a majority of the Republicans in the House—voted for the reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank. They now join 67 people here who want to go to and move that legislation in the Senate. So the ma-jority of people in both the House and Senate have supported the reauthoriza-tion of the Export-Import Bank and have done so for more than a year, but we let it expire. What happened? We let down the American economy because the end result has been a loss of jobs. 
I will give one example of 850 jobs 
that went from U.S. companies over to these countries instead because with-out the Export-Import Bank, they lost deals that went to other places because other countries also have credit agen-cies that help small and regional banks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.008 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7556 October 28, 2015 
finance the sale of U.S.-made products. 
As they are being sold to say South Af-rica or an Asian country or someplace else, the companies cannot find the fi-nancing—a lot of agricultural prod-ucts—and so they come to a bank in their community and say: Help finance my sales overseas. 
In fact, Senator M
URRAY and I met 
with a great—my colleague from North Dakota will like this—microbrew man-ufacturer in Ballard, WA, and they said: You know, we are trying to sell into the Scandinavian market. They like our products, but we are not big enough as a distributor to finance the sale of our products into those mar-kets. So we either have to take that on our books ourselves or find a way to take our company and leverage it with some capital to increase our market exports. 
So what did they do? They tried to 
minimize that. Otherwise, do you know what that company would have to do? They would have to take all their cap-ital and put it aside to leverage that money to expand the market. Instead, they said: Well, let’s go to a bank and get them to loan us the money so we can expand our products into Scan-dinavia, where people love drinking this Ballard beer. 
The bank says: Well, we like that 
idea. We like you. You are doing well. But we are a little afraid of your sell-ing into that distribution market in Scandinavia. We want you to have some credit insurance. 
That is what the Export-Import Bank 
does. It says to that banker in Ballard: We will provide you a little credit in-surance. 
Do you have to pay a fee for that? 
Yes, you have to pay a fee for that. What does that fee do? It helps the Federal Government pay down the def-icit. Who wins? We all win because that Ballard company now gets to grow. I would say that over in Scandinavia, they get to drink great beer that is made in Washington State. As one of the largest hops producers in the United States, my colleague from an agricultural State understands this. So everybody wins. Then the Ballard com-pany gets to expand jobs. So that is what this is all about. 
In this instance, we lost 850 jobs. Ms. HEITKAMP. Will the Senator 
from Washington yield? 
Ms. CANTWELL. Yes. Ms. HEITKAMP. One of the issues we 
heard so often during this debate has been that the private sector will step in, that the private sector will take on this responsibility, that we don’t need to have the Export-Import Bank, that the private sector will fill the gap. Were there any cases where the private sector stepped up and filled the gap of the Ex-Im Bank? 
Ms. CANTWELL. I thank the Senator 
from North Dakota for that question because that is the issue. What people don’t understand is that there are so many of these deals that—basically there was a U.S. company that wanted to sell its ability to build bridges to an 
African country. Yet, because the Ex-port-Import Bank expired, that African country ended up basically going with a competitor, an Asian competitor. Same thing here. When we don’t fi-nance these deals—I know of a deal that GE lost to Rolls-Royce. Why? Be-cause the credit agency in Europe could finance the deal, so they just bought a different product. 
The issue is not that somehow the 
private sector is going to step in here and basically help in a capital market. It is the same way the Small Business Administration works. The Small Busi-ness Administration has 7(a) loans to help finance the sales that basically go through Main Street banking, but the Small Business Administration pro-vides a little certainty and predict-ability to the process so that we are not seeing huge losses. Basically, the Small Business Administration has not seen large defaults, and neither has the Export-Import Bank. 
So these are tools that basically peo-
ple try to say to us will be picked up somehow, that the private sector will respond to this. Well, in developing markets around the world, when U.S. manufacturers are trying to compete and build a great product, all you are doing by killing the Export-Import Bank is enabling some other manufac-turer in Europe or Asia or South Amer-ica to compete with our manufacturers on an uneven playing field. You are giving them an advantage our manu-facturers don’t have. 
So, literally, people on the other side 
of the aisle have shipped jobs overseas by saying they don’t want to support the Export-Import Bank, and they have held it up for so many months now that we have lost jobs. This is only one ex-ample. 
There have been tens of thousands of 
jobs lost since the Export Import-Bank failed to get reauthorized. Now the question is, Why are we going to wait 1 more day? Now that the House has passed the bill, with a majority of Re-publicans supporting it, why would we wait 1 more day to pass a key tool that is instrumental in supporting jobs in the United States of America? 
I hope my colleagues—I appreciate so 
much my colleague from North Dakota talking about this because, you know, being—I don’t if it is that we are ag States, that we see how much the glob-al economy means to our States, but we know this: that 95 percent of con-sumers are outside of our borders and that if we want to increase our eco-nomic activity in the United States and grow jobs, we better be selling to those 95 percent of consumers outside of the United States. 
If you want to sell to those 95 percent 
of consumers outside of the United States, first you have to build a great product or develop a great agricultural product, but then you have to be able to have the competitive tools to reach them from a financing and banking system. So the funny thing is that all of 
those people on the other side who ba-sically act as though they are against the Export-Import Bank because they think it is some sort of mysterious or-ganization, those are the people who basically wanted to bail out Wall Street. They are the ones who are be-hind the big banks. They are the ones 
who are trying to basically disassemble all of the banking reforms we passed to protect the American consumers. So they are not for some sort of great, good government; they basically are just looking for a trophy to put on their mantle to say that, oh, we killed this government program, which, as I have said, is wrong because it actually helps us create jobs in the United States of America, it helps U.S. manu-facturers win in the United States of America, it helps us get our products to places they would not already go, and it helps pay down the Federal def-icit. So it is a win-win situation for all of us. 
What we have to do now is to get this 
reauthorized. We should not wait an-other minute. The notion that all of my colleagues should take away from this is that a minority of people hold-ing up voting on this has also been wrongheaded. To allow a minority to thwart what is such an essential tool has been a mistake. What we need to do is right that mistake immediately by passing this legislation here in the Senate, get the Bank back operating, let our U.S. manufacturers and agricul-tural producers win again in the inter-national marketplace, and help our economy grow with these important jobs that are related to exports. 
I again thank my colleague for being 
down here on the Senate floor. We are not going to give up. We are going to be down here. That is because, as you know, we are having all of these budget discussions, and people should remem-ber that over the last 20 years, the Ex-port-Import Bank has generated $7 bil-lion to the Treasury—$7 billion over 20 years. So not only does it help us grow jobs, it actually has helped us pay down the deficit. 
I hear a lot of discussion about budg-
et deals and transportation packages and things of that nature. So, to me, if you want to put more revenue back into our coffers, then support the Ex-port-Import Bank immediately and you will be recognizing immediate revenue for any of these budget discussions that we are having and that we need to move forward on. 
I am not under the impression that 
somehow all of the people in the Sen-ate are now going to support this legis-lation and that it is going to move quickly, because there will still be some on the other side of the aisle who don’t support moving forward. But I would say that number—$7 billion over 20 years—I think it is worth a few pro-cedural 60-vote thresholds to get that money and to give Americans the cer-tainty that this particular program will be reinstated and that we will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.009 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7557 October 28, 2015 
back to letting hard-working Ameri-
cans who build a great product get the credit assurances they need to sell their products on a global basis and to win in the international marketplace. That is what America is all about. Don’t hold these people down. They are the people who created, with great in-genuity and great sweat, the great products that have made our country great. So let them export their prod-ucts. Don’t make it harder for them just because you want to win a trophy from the Heritage Foundation. 
Let’s get back to making sure we are 
making this place operate. We know the majority both in the House and Senate supports the Export-Import Bank and the jobs it creates. Let’s get this bill reauthorized today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from North Da-
kota. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, we 
have been promised repeatedly since the end of June that we would be given an opportunity to reopen the Ex-Im Bank, that we would be given the tools to get the Ex-Im Bank operating and providing credit to American manufac-turers. 
If you had told me that the end of 
July would come and go without put-ting the Bank back in business, I would have said: That won’t happen. 
If you had told me that we would go 
through all of August and all of Sep-tember without putting the Bank back in business, I would not have thought that could happen. 
We are now at the end of October 
and, quite frankly, we are at the end of our patience—and so are American manufacturers and so are American workers. The time to deal with reopen-ing the Bank, the time to move this legislation is right now. 
The patience has run thin. The prom-
ises have never materialized in terms of moving this forward. 
We were told in the very early stages, 
back when we began to move this issue, that the only way we could possibly get it through the House of Represent-atives was if it were put on a must-pass piece of legislation, something such as the reauthorization of the surface transportation bill—whether we are going to have highway bills or whether we are going to put it on the debt limit or whatever it is—because the House couldn’t possibly move this legislation forward without any opportunity to put it on something else. 
That myth has disappeared. That 
theory is no longer available. That ar-gument is no longer available to any-one in this Chamber. So the question becomes this: Now that we know the will of the Congress, reflecting the needs of the American people, the needs of the manufacturers in this country, and now that we know what the vote count is, why can’t we get this done? Why would we tell the American public that in the face of an over-whelming majority in support of a crit-ical piece of trade infrastructure and legislation that we can’t get it done, 
that we have to wait even more months to see the Ex-Im Bank back in busi-ness? 
We will be back. We will continue to 
talk about this issue. We will continue to raise the concerns that we have about further delay and what that fur-ther delay is costing. But we also are extremely grateful for the work that was done in the House of Representa-tives against great odds to move this forward, to send a message to Amer-ican manufacturers: Yes, this place can function, and we will listen to you, and we are moving forward on getting you this critical tool to keep people once again employed in your shops, to keep people once again working to export the great American products to the global economy. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip is recognized. 
f 
LEGISLATION IN CONGRESS 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, after 
years of hard work the Senate yester-day passed legislation that will help keep the personal information of peo-ple safer, whether that personal infor-mation is in the hands of your bank or your credit card holder or whomever. 
As we know, the threat of cyber at-
tacks is all too real. Twenty-one mil-lion Americans lost their personal in-formation and sensitive background in-formation at the Office of Personnel Management just this last summer—21 million. As a matter of fact, the sug-gestion has been made that many of those people were individuals who filed extensive questionnaires—or responses to extensive questionnaires—in order to obtain a security clearance. So you can imagine the sensitivity of that in-formation. That followed on a breach at the Internal Revenue Service in which the data of more than 100,000 taxpayers was stolen. 
It is a felony to divulge Federal in-
come tax information of a taxpayer. It is a felony. Yet somehow, some way, this cyber attack at the IRS was able to get data on more than 100,000 tax-payers. 
The Cybersecurity Information Shar-
ing Act is legislation that has been long overdue, and we are, frankly, be-hind the curve here. But this bill gar-nered wide bipartisan support in the Senate. Now we have the opportunity to work with our House colleagues, who have, I believe, a couple of cyber security bills, and to try to reconcile those differences in a conference com-mittee, which is typically the way we reconcile those differences and com-peting ideas. 
But suffice it to say that this legisla-
tion, once enacted into law and signed by the President, will help deter future cyber attacks and equip the public and private sector with the tools they need to be more nimble. Specifically, what it will do is allow companies and indi-viduals to share information with the government without concern about los-
ing a competitive advantage. Right now, when you are attacked in your company, obviously it is not something you particularly want to brag about, but you do need to let the people whose information has been stolen know so they can protect themselves. But what there will be is more information shar-ing, along with some legal protections for people who cooperate on a vol-untary basis. 
As Senator B
URR, the chairman of 
the Intelligence Committee said time and again, there is nothing compulsory about this system. Nobody is forced to participate. But I think, over the long run, businesses and individuals will find it in their best interest to share this information and to receive infor-mation in a way that will help protect our personal data. 
The passage of the Cybersecurity In-
formation Sharing Act was, rightly, a major priority for the Senate. As I said, I am hopeful—along with our House colleagues—that we can get a bill to the President’s desk for signa-ture soon. 
But this is just one more example— 
the latest example, really—of the pro-ductivity of this new majority in Con-gress that was elected just last Novem-ber. We have worked hard. Without sacrificing our principles, we have worked hard to find common ground, working on a bipartisan basis to move legislation across the floor and to get it enacted into law that serves the best interests of the American people, such as the passage of the bill to help vic-tims of human trafficking, which passed 99 to 0 in the Senate and now is the law of the land. It was the first major effort to help the victims of human trafficking we have undertaken here in 25 years. 
We have also passed out of the Sen-
ate—and we are working on differences with the House—the Every Child Achieves Act. As Chairman A
LEXANDER  
of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee points out, this is a fix to No Child Left Behind. This leg-islation will devolve power from Wash-ington, DC, back to parents and local communities so they can have a great-er say in their children’s education. 
Once again we have learned the les-
son, perhaps painfully, that a one-size- fits-all solution does not work for ev-eryone. We are a big, diverse country. A lot of communities are better equipped—certainly they are more nimble, more flexible, and more adapt-ive—to change circumstances than the Federal Government. Even though we had the best of intentions with No Child Left Behind, we needed to make this necessary fix and again devolve power back from the Federal Govern-ment down to parents and local com-munities for their children’s education while maintaining high standards at the same time. 
We have also passed a multiyear 
highway bill. I think there were more than 30 different temporary patches of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.010 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7558 October 28, 2015 
our highway bill because of the inad-
equacy of the highway trust fund. When you buy a gallon of gasoline, I think about 18 cents goes into the highway trust fund out of that gallon of gasoline. Unfortunately, though, our demands have exceeded the amount of money in that fund. 
For States such as mine, we are a 
donor State. So we send a buck to Washington, DC, and we get 92 cents back. A friend of mine in the Texas Legislature called that Federal money laundering, and I think he is right. 
But we have stepped up—the voters 
in Texas last year, actually—by pass-ing a supplemental appropriations for highway and infrastructure out of our rainy-day fund. Actually, on November 7, we will have another referendum in Texas to try to fill that gap between what the Federal Government is doing and what the State government can and must do in order to meet our transportation needs. 
By passing a multiyear highway bill, 
the Senate has now prompted our House colleagues to, in turn, pass their own multiyear highway bill, and now, perhaps later today, we will pass an-other short extension to November 20 and then work to reconcile those two differences and then get that to the President’s desk. 
That is not particularly sexy work, 
but it is very important. It is sort of what we are supposed to do in the Con-gress, which is to perform the task of governing and helping to address the issues that confront everyday working American families. 
Then just last week the Senate Judi-
ciary Committee voted 15 to 5 to pass, on a broad bipartisan basis, the first criminal justice reform that we have done since the 1990s. I have cosponsored that legislation and was proud to do so. A lot of what this bill contains—par-ticularly something called the COR-RECTIONS Act—was based on a suc-cessful experiment in Texas and other States where they realized that you could lock people up for committing crimes but someday they are going to get out. When they do, we have an in-terest in making sure, for those who are willing, that they are prepared for life on the outside or otherwise they end up becoming what a young man in Houston just last week or so told me. He called himself a ‘‘frequent flier’’ in the criminal justice system. We know what that means. That means the turn-stile just kept turning. He would get out and go right back in because he was woefully unprepared for life out-side. So whether it is education, wheth-er it is mental illness issues, drug and alcohol issues or just employable skills, it is in our interest to provide incentives to people in prison so they are better prepared when they get out. 
I am not suggesting that this is some 
sort of panacea and that all of a sudden our prisons will be emptied and people won’t commit crimes anymore. That is not true. But for those who can be saved, for people who want a helping hand and are willing to take responsi-
bility for their own rehabilitation, I think this legislation is very impor-tant. 
So while we still have a lot to do, I 
think we can take some satisfaction in the productivity that we have had— notwithstanding the very challenging political environment and the polariza-tion of our politics in America today. 
This week Members from both par-
ties, as well as the White House, have been talking about legislation to deal with our budget and ensure our coun-try meets its financial responsibilities. Indeed, there has been an announced deal, negotiated by the leadership in the House, the Senate, and the White House, which the House of Representa-tives will be voting on at about 5 p.m. today. 
I think it is worth reminding every-
body how we got to this point. Starting in June, our colleagues from across the aisle started what they advertised as a filibuster summer—in other words, a strategy to block any and all of the ap-propriations bills that come across the Senate floor. There are 12 of those ap-propriations bills. If we were doing things the way we should be, we would take them up individually. The Amer-ican people could read them, under-stand them, and we could debate them, hopefully improve them, and then pass them into law to fund some of the basic functions of our government, such as the Defense Department, for example. It is ironic that many of these appro-priations bills sailed through the Ap-propriations Committee on a bipar-tisan basis. 
Well, for the first time in 6 years, the 
Committee on Appropriations had voted out all 12 of those bills. The rea-son they were able to do so is because under this new majority, we were able to actually pass a new budget, which gave the top capped spending lines to the Appropriations Committee so they could do their job to consider those spending bills, to rearrange priorities, and hopefully gain greater efficiency and economize on the spending. 
So even though many of our Demo-
cratic friends voted for those bills in the Appropriations Committee, they came to the floor and voted against them to create this huge cliff that we knew was coming on November 3 and, indeed, on December 11. 
Senate Democrats carried this strat-
egy of filibuster summer into the fall and continued to block appropriations bills, turning noncontroversial funding priorities, such as our Nation’s mili-tary and support for our veterans, into partisan games. That is what created this so-called shutdown narrative and drama. 
It wasn’t an accident; it was a pre-
meditated plan by our Democratic friends in the minority. So, as a result, Congress was once again staring down several major deadlines with little time to waste. 
I have to say that if your attitude in 
Congress is ‘‘I want 100 percent of what I want or I am not going to settle for 
anything,’’ you are not going to get anything. It is just that simple. It is just a simple fact of life that the only kind of negotiated outcomes we have here are imperfect; they are flawed. 
While this budget agreement isn’t 
perfect—it is flawed—it does contain several important priorities. First of all, the Budget Act of 2015 doesn’t raise taxes. That is important to me and cer-tainly important to my constituents. They think this administration has raised their taxes more than enough al-ready. This agreement lays the founda-tion to fund the government through 2017 without a tax increase. 
Importantly, the legislation repeals a 
section of ObamaCare. We will have more to say about that in this coming weeks, but it repeals a major section of ObamaCare that required large em-ployers to automatically enroll their employees in the ObamaCare health plans. That is a pretty big deal for a law that has been on the books since 2010. Rolling back ObamaCare, I be-lieve, is essential to helping the Amer-ican people meet their basic needs—to get the health care they want at a price they can afford, and not based on some sort of mandate from the Federal Government. It is also necessary for the health of our Nation’s economy. 
Perhaps from my standpoint, and I 
suspect the Presiding Officer’s stand-point, the single most important part of this legislation is it will fund our military and make sure our military has the resources it needs to protect us here at home and our allies around the world. 
As part of the artificial drama that 
was created over this deal, the Presi-dent of the United States vetoed the National Defense Authorization Act. This is the fundamental law by which Congress says to our men and women in uniform: We are going to make sure you have the resources you need in order to do the job you volunteered to do. And oh, by the way, we are also going to take care of our families be-cause in the military today, with an all-volunteer military, our military families are vitally important too. But in an incredibly cynical move, the President vetoed the Defense author-ization bill in order to gain leverage in this negotiated budget deal. It truly is shameful. It is inexcusable for the Commander in Chief to hold our men and women in uniform hostage by doing something like that. 
We all know we are living in a world 
marked by insecurity at every corner, from rampant instability in the Middle East to a newly aggressive Russia in Eastern Europe and in the Arctic, and a rising China that continues to—Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 2 more minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CORNYN. In addition to insta-
bility in the Middle East and an ag-gressive Russia in Eastern Europe and in the Arctic, a rising China is trying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.012 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7559 October 28, 2015 
to expand its own territory at the ex-
pense of our allies and friends in the Pacific. 
I am glad to see the U.S. Navy chal-
lenge the phony claims of China in the South China Sea that jeopardize those important sea lanes that are so critical to our security and to our commerce. 
So this deal, as flawed as it is, finally 
provides the military and our military families with the resources they need in order to do the incredibly important job we ask them to do. If you think about all the areas that the Federal Government is involved in, this is the No. 1 priority. There is no ‘‘Yellow Pages’’ where you can look to outsource national security. It is the Federal Government’s responsibility, and it is about time we provided our men and women in uniform with the 
resources they need in order to get the job done. 
In conclusion, this bill actually takes 
significant steps in reforming, in a fis-cally responsible manner, our Social Security disability system. It will pro-vide long-term savings from changes to Social Security. In fact, this will rep-resent the first bipartisan reform we have had since the early 1980s. 
I look forward to continuing to dis-
cuss this legislation with our col-leagues and finding a way to move for-ward as we face the big challenges still ahead of us in the Senate. The only al-ternative to this negotiated deal would be a clean debt ceiling increase and a continuing resolution at current spend-ing levels, which would have a dev-astating impact on our military and our national security. 
f 
EXTENSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that morning busi-ness be extended until 8 p.m., with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein and with the time equally divided in the usual form; further, that all time dur-ing quorum calls be charged equally between both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I 
rise to speak in support of reauthor-izing the Ex-Im Bank. I know some of my colleagues were here earlier, and I wanted to join them, but I was at a hearing over in commerce. I do want to thank Senators C
ANTWELL and K IRKfor 
their leadership on this issue. I also want to thank my colleagues, Senators H
EITKAMP , S HAHEEN , M IKULSKI , and 
BOXER , who were on the floor today 
voicing their strong and continued sup-port for the Ex-Im Bank. 
Yesterday, the House voted 313 to 118 
to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. That is a strong bipartisan vote 
that included a majority of Repub-licans. It included seven of the eight Members of the congressional delega-
tion from the State of Minnesota, in-cluding several Republicans. 
The Ex-Im Bank also has bipartisan 
support here in the Senate, which has voted twice this year to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank, both times with more than 60 votes. Now it is time for the Senate to take up this bill and vote to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank with no further delay. This year, the Senate has been in the lead on this. We have shown the kind of bipartisan support that helped the House to get the num-bers they needed, and now we must simply pass the bill. 
The Ex-Im Bank has been reauthor-
ized 16 times in its 81-year history, every time with a broad bipartisan ma-jority. As yesterday’s House vote and previous votes in the Senate show, the Ex-Im Bank still has the support of a broad bipartisan majority. 
Since coming to the Senate, I have 
been working to boost America’s abil-ity to compete in the global economy. I serve on the President’s Export Coun-cil. I believe America needs to be a country that once again thinks, in-vents things, and exports to the world. We like our financial industry—we have the sixth biggest bank in the country out of Minnesota—but we all know we can’t simply rely on the fi-nancial industry to keep the economy going. The economy has to be a bread- and-butter economy, and that means making things, and that means ex-ports. 
When 95 percent of the world’s cus-
tomers live outside of our borders, there is literally a world of oppor-tunity out there for U.S. businesses. U.S. exports have helped expand our economy over the past 4 years, reach-ing an alltime high of $2.3 trillion, an increase of 34 percent since 2009 after inflation. 
We know there are about 85 credit ex-
port agencies in 60 other countries, in-cluding every exporting country in the world. Our businesses are competing against these foreign businesses, which are backed by their own countries’ credit export programs and often re-ceive other government subsidies. Why would we want to make it harder for our own companies to compete in a world where all the other exporting na-tions have an export-type bank financ-ing authority? When our companies are competing against overseas companies for contracts, they need the Ex-Im Bank. 
In 2014, the Ex-Im Bank provided sup-
port for $27 billion worth of U.S. ex-ports. This sounds like a lot, but in the same year China financed more than double that amount—$58 billion com-pared to $27 billion—and South Korea and Germany also provided more sup-port for their exports. If we don’t get this done, Mr. President, China will eat our lunch. 
If we want a level playing field for 
our businesses, we need to have the U.S. Ex-Im Bank open and running. Do 
you know what our companies find out right now? Well, the charter has lapsed. When these U.S. companies or our foreign competitors go to the Ex- Im Bank Web site, do you know what they see on the Web site? I will tell you. I went to the Web site and saw it myself. It says this: ‘‘Due to a lapse in EXIM Bank’s authority, as of July 1, 2015, the Bank is unable to process ap-plications or engage in new business or other prohibited activities.’’ Every one of our foreign competitors knows this is up on our own U.S. Web site. 
To me, this is about jobs. As the 
ranking member of the Joint Economic Committee, I know that in 2014 the Ex- Im Bank provided $20.5 billion in fi-nancing. That supported 164,000 jobs. I know there are hundreds of companies in Minnesota—I think the exact num-ber is 170—that use financing author-ity. The vast majority of them are small companies. These small business owners, like many small business own-ers all across the country, know it is essential for their ability to export. They can’t have a full-time bank per-son in their small companies. They can’t have a full-time expert on trade with various countries—Kazakhstan, you name it—all around the world. They need the help of the Ex-Im Bank to know how to get this financing. 
I visit all 87 counties in my State 
every year, and a lot of that time is spent visiting these small businesses. Even when I don’t mean to find an Ex- Im-type business, I find one. I heard from Fastenal and Miller Ingenuity, both from Winona. I have heard from EJ Ajax Metalforming, a leader in workforce policies. So everywhere from Fastenal to PERMAC, an award-win-ning women-run manufacturer in Burnsville, I have found that Min-nesota businesses get help from Ex-Im Bank. 
The time is here. We can’t put it off 
any longer. Our colleagues in the House, despite the fact that they didn’t even know if they had a Speaker for a number of weeks, were able to pass this bill. Now it is our turn. Let’s get this done. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
f 
PUBLIC EXPRESSIONS OF FAITH 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, it is 
just past the middle of football season in America—a sad thing for a lot of us who are football fans. This is the time when some fans are thinking seriously about the playoffs and other fans start thinking seriously about trying to get their coach fired. 
In Bremerton, WA, coach Joe Ken-
nedy is in trouble not because the team has a losing record but because he has the audacity to kneel down and pray on the 50-yard line after the football games are over and thank God for the chance to coach there and for the safe-ty of his players. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.014 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7560 October 28, 2015 
Gratitude to God is certainly not a 
crime in America. In fact, that is en-couraged every year in the national prayer proclamation given by every President for decades, including this one. Coach Joe Kennedy is the varsity assistant coach and the JV head coach 
in Bremerton, WA. He enjoys working with the guys and coaching football. He has an excellent employment record at the school and has been a great motivator of the guys on his team. 
Since 2008, Coach Kennedy has had 
the habit of walking out to the 50-yard line after the game is over and kneel-ing down to pray. After a few weeks of his starting to do this in 2008, a couple of the Christian students on the team also asked if they could come and kneel down next to him, which they have done and he has allowed them to do. They are not required to pray. They are not required to be there at all. But those students have the freedom they have exercised to express their faith, and so does Coach Kennedy. 
For some reason, this season has 
been different. Now the district has asked the coach not to pray after the games. Instead, they want to provide him with a private room where he can go and pray separately so no one will see him. I have a letter from the dis-trict where they say they will give him this accommodation: ‘‘[A] private loca-tion within the school building, ath-letic facility or press box could be made available to you for brief reli-gious exercise before and after games.’’ They literally want him to go into an-other spot so no one will see him pray. That seems to be the accommodation here. They are saying to him that he has the freedom to pray in a location we choose. 
The district has the fear that if any-
one sees the coach praying, they may think the coach endorses or that the district endorses a particular faith. They wrote in a separate letter to the coach these criteria to say: As we go forward, these are the standards to apply. Quoting from the district: 
Students are free to initiate and engage in 
religious activity, including prayer, so long as it does not interfere with the school or team activities. Student religious activity must be entirely and genuinely student-initi-ated, and may not be suggested, encouraged (or discouraged), or supervised by District staff. 
Second, and continuing to quote: 
If students engage in religious activity, 
school staff may not take any action likely to be perceived by a reasonable observer, who is aware of the history and context of such activity at BHS, as endorsement of that activity. Examples identified in the Borden 
case include kneeling or bowing of the head during the students’ religious activities. 
You and all District staff are free to en-
gage in religious activity, including prayer, so long as it does not interfere with job re-sponsibilities. Such activity must be phys-ically separate from any student activity, and students may not be allowed to join such activity. In order to avoid the perception of endorsement discussed above, such activity should either be non-demonstrative— 
In other words, you can’t see it out-
wardly— (i.e. not outwardly discernible as religious 
activity) if students are also engaged in reli-gious conduct, or it should occur while stu-dents are not engaging in such conduct. 
In other words, don’t get near a 
Christian student when they are pray-ing and bowing their head and also bow your head. 
It is an odd thing that the district 
would worry that their actions would be perceived that they may have an of-ficial policy for Christianity, but they don’t seem to have the same worry that their actions to try to eliminate anyone expressing their faith would be an official policy of atheism at the campus, since if they purged all dis-plays of faith from any person, it would appear that no faith is the endorsed faith of the district. 
Under this policy, if a teacher who is 
a Christian sees another Christian stu-dent praying, they have to get away from them or at least walk past them as if they are disinterested. I don’t think people understand how offensive that is to our faith. If I see a student praying, I would want to stand by them to hear their prayer, to be encouraged by their prayer. 
Under this policy, if a Christian stu-
dent had been bullied at school and they wanted to sit by a Christian teacher at lunch, when that student at lunch bowed their head to pray over their low-calorie lunch meal, at their school lunch, the Christian teacher would either have to walk away or they would have to ignore their prayer, further ostracizing the student. 
Citizens don’t lose their freedom of 
faith just because they also work for a State or Federal agency. People can display their faith—as this coach did for 7 years, and it had not been a prob-lem for this coach to kneel down and pray at the end of the game. I am con-fused why suddenly now the district is concerned about this display of faith. 
Individuals can display their faith 
personally. It is their personal faith. It is not some endorsement by the dis-trict. A Wiccan teacher can wear a pen-tagram necklace. A Muslim teacher can wear a head scarf. A Christian can bow their head to pray at lunch, even a faculty member. A Sikh teacher can wear a turban. All of those are outward displays of a certain faith. How can a school district say that if you display your faith in a way that someone else can see it and figure out that you have faith, suddenly that is a violation of the establishment clause of the Con-stitution? 
Courts have ruled that in a school 
setting, prayer cannot be mandatory in the school, compelled by the school, led by the school. While some have a problem with this interpretation, frankly, I don’t. I, quite frankly, think teachers have multiple different faiths and multiple backgrounds, and I have the responsibility as a parent to train my child how to pray consistent with our faith. That is not the responsibility of that teacher at school to be able to teach them their faith. That is my job. I do have a problem when an indi-
vidual teacher is restrained from prac-ticing their own faith or an individual student is restricted from that. It is entirely different when a district states that a coach may not quietly pray or allow students to voluntarily partici-pate with a coach in prayer when they share the same faith. After a game is over and all the players are free to leave, that is their own free time. They can go to the locker room, they can talk to their parents, and they can flirt with the cheerleaders on the sidelines. That is their own time. They can choose to do what they want to do, but they shouldn’t be restricted from pray-ing if they also choose to do that. 
The Bremerton School District attor-
neys have chosen to apply the Borden v. School District of the Township of East Brunswick to this particular case. In that case, the coaches couldn’t lead a prayer or participate if all the play-ers were required to be present before the game. This is a required team meeting in the Borden School District of the Township of East Brunswick. This is completely different. This is after the game, when no player is re-quired, no one is expected to be there, and those students and those coaches are on a brief period of respite after the game. 
For some reason, in this day and age, 
some citizens have become terrified of faith in America and prayer in Amer-ica. They are frightened when people exercise their faith and live according to their sincerely held religious beliefs. So they try to quash it quietly. That is astounding to me—as a nation that was based on this basic principle of people being able to live their faith, not just to have it but to be able to live it. 
If a coach went to the 50-yard line 
after the game, sat down on a lawn chair and drank a Coke, no one would have a problem. If a coach went to the 50-yard line and sang Michael Jack-son’s ‘‘Thriller’’ and did the dance moves, he would be a YouTube sensa-tion, but the district would have no problem with it. But if a coach goes to the 50-yard line, kneels down and prays, somehow that is a different type of speech or action. It is not. It is speech. It is the freedom of faith. It is who we are as Americans and our di-versity in America. There is nothing different about that speech. 
The establishment clause in the Con-
stitution is clear: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. . . . ’’ 
This is not the freedom to have a re-
ligion. This is the freedom to exercise it. It is very clear in the Constitution. 
For some in this generation, they 
want to talk about freedom of worship. You can worship and you can go to a place of worship, you can worship with anybody, any way you want to, if you go over there and do it, but they don’t want people to actually come out and live their faith publicly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.016 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7561 October 28, 2015 
We don’t have freedom of worship in 
America. China has freedom of wor-ship. We have the free exercise of reli-gion, where we can live our faith out-
side of our church buildings, in our pri-vate lives, even if you are a public indi-vidual. 
It is reasonable for this Congress to 
speak out on this issue because it is a First Amendment freedom. Protecting one coach’s right to pray protects every person’s right to pray in the Na-tion. 
So let me ask a question. Is the dis-
trict going to engage in stopping coaches from kneeling down on the sideline during the fourth quarter in a last-second field goal attempt and pre-vent them from praying on the side-lines? That is a rich tradition in foot-ball. 
How about this moment. Last Satur-
day at Oklahoma State University, we had an incredible tragedy where a car careened through the homecoming pa-rade, killing many and injuring many more. It was a horrible tragedy. It hap-pened just hours before the game. Play-ers and coaches at Oklahoma State University walked out of the tunnel, and before the game started—when typically they would all gather and cheer together—they instead chose, players and coaches, to kneel down on the sideline and to pray for the fami-lies who were affected by this incred-ible tragedy just hours before. This ap-parently offends some people, that peo-ple in a State setting would express their private faith. Nothing was man-dated about this. This was a group of players and coaches, that their heart was grieved for what was happening in their city and among the Oklahoma State family. This shouldn’t be prohib-ited in America. This is who we are. 
I don’t challenge the people in Brem-
erton. These are all honorable people who want what is best for Bremerton, WA, families. They all care about their kids there. The superintendent, the principal, the coaches, they all care about the kids there. This is a genuine misunderstanding of what our Nation protects and what our Nation stands for. 
Article 6, clause 3 of the Constitution 
says this: ‘‘No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any of-fice or public trust under the United States.’’ 
In our Constitution, any individual 
who serves in any public trust in the United States doesn’t have to set their faith aside nor have to take on any faith. In America, you can have a faith and live it or you can have no faith at all. That is the United States of Amer-ica. 
Every day in this Chamber, including 
today, the Chaplain for the U.S. Senate begins our session in prayer. In this Chamber, the words ‘‘In God We Trust’’ are written right above the main doors as we walk in, the same as it is in the House Chamber above the Speaker’s chair. We are not a nation that is try-ing to purge all faith. We are a nation that allows people to live their faith. I ask individuals in this Chamber 
right now who choose to, to even pray with me as I close out this statement. 
Father, I pray for Coach Kennedy and 
the leadership of Bremerton, the super-intendents, and the principals. They have a difficult job, and I pray that You would bless them today. And I pray that You encourage those stu-dents, as they struggle with this basic religious freedom that we have in this Nation, that there would be a unity there and a decision that would be made that would clearly stand on the side of freedom. For the coaches and teachers of all faiths who serve there and serve across our Nation, I pray that You would bless those coaches and teachers today. They do a difficult task. As they walk with students through difficult decisions, I pray that You would encourage them in Your faith. 
Thank You, Jesus, for the way that 
You sustain our Nation and for the freedom that we have. We ask Your help in protecting us. 
In Your Name I pray. Amen. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUESTS— 
S. 2165 AND S. 697 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 270, S. 2165, a bill to perma-nently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund; that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object, I would like to ask that the consent be modified to pass a short-term extension, S. 2169, with my amendment, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object, I will note that we secured this language an hour ago. We have no complete insight on the impact of the language, and this is language more appropriately debated in the committee process. I wish to ask my colleague to consider introducing it for action on the floor at some future point and not use it to obstruct funding or authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. If my colleague is not comfortable with such a sugges-tion, then I would object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator declines to modify his request. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest? 
Mr. LANKFORD. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, this 
first request was to get this bill done right now and reauthorized. I am going to turn to a different possibility, which is to secure a debate here on the floor which would afford my colleague from Oklahoma the opportunity to present his thoughts. 
I ask unanimous consent that at a 
time to be determined by the majority leader, after consultation with the Democratic leader, but no later than Thursday, November 12, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 270, S. 2165; that there be 1 hour of debate equally divided between the proponents and opponents; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the bill be read a third time and the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the bill; that the vote on passage be subject to a 60-affirmative-vote thresh-old; and, finally, that there be no amendments, motions or points of order in order to the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. LANKFORD. I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from New Mexico. Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, we have 
now seen a demonstration. I want to talk to Senator M
ERKLEY about this. I 
ask unanimous consent to engage in a colloquy with him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. UDALL. The Land and Water 
Conservation Fund is a piece of legisla-tion that has been in place and in law for 50 years, as Senator M
ERKLEY  
knows. It has been in place for 50 years, and it has expired. There is over-whelming support for this. A number of us have signed letters. Senator B
URR, 
who is here, I know has been a leader in terms of working on the Republican side. We have a huge amount of sup-port, but a small little group is object-ing to this moving forward. 
I say to Senator M
ERKLEY , this is 
showing the dysfunction that here we have a bill and the leadership cannot get the bill on to the floor. I wanted to ask the Senator in terms of his State. I know in my State people love their parks. They love the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I think the same is true in Oregon; isn’t it? This is some-thing that we shouldn’t have let lapse, and we have to put it in place. 
Mr. MERKLEY. My colleague from 
New Mexico is absolutely correct. For these 50 years that he noted, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has pro-tected millions of acres of our land, in-cluding playgrounds and parks, our most treasured national landscapes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.017 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7562 October 28, 2015 
all without costing our taxpayers a sin-
gle dime. It is, without question, our Nation’s most important and success-ful conservation and outdoor recre-
ation program. 
Oregon, specifically, has received 
about $300 million over the past five decades, safeguarding areas that are now complete treasures for our State, such as the Oregon Dunes and the Hells Canyon Recreation Area. These special places are part of our heritage, and protecting them has been made pos-sible through this fund. It is a commit-ment to preserving these special places for future generations in Oregon and throughout the Nation, and it also serves to really strengthen the outdoor recreation economy in our State. 
What is a win for our heritage is also 
a win for our rural economy. This ef-fort to torpedo something of great value in terms of protection of special places and our rural economy is a step or a stride in absolutely the wrong di-rection. 
Mr. UDALL. I say to Senator 
M
ERKLEY , one of the things we face 
here is that because the Land and Water Conservation Fund has not been reauthorized, there are Senators who are trying to attach this to other pieces of legislation. You and I have worked very well on the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act, which now has over 60 votes. This has really held down both pieces of legislation. The Land and Water Conservation Fund can’t be reauthorized, and we can’t pass the Toxic Substances Control Act, which has overwhelming support. 
We are in a situation where the lead-
ership needs to step in and say: Both of these have huge support in the Sen-ate—bipartisan support. Let’s get a vote on them. Let’s not continue to have this gridlock and dysfunction. 
Does the Senator see it that way in 
terms of how this is playing out on the floor right now? 
Mr. MERKLEY. I absolutely share 
the Senator’s perspective on this. In terms of the Toxic Substances Control Act, TSCA, or the Lautenberg Act, as we now call it, this is an effort to re-move—and you have championed this in a bipartisan way. You have brought this forward. It has been approved through an extensive committee proc-ess, and we have a shot, finally, to have a process in which we can take and re-move toxic items from everyday prod-ucts. 
A good example is that we are stand-
ing here on a carpet, and the carpet is full of flame retardants that don’t real-ly retard flames but definitely cause cancer. Having those scientifically analyzed and considered as to whether they should be in our carpets or not makes a lot of sense. You think of lit-tle babies crawling during their first months of life on these carpets, and their noses are right down there in the dust. The dust is attached to these toxic chemicals. I believe your bill— this bill—not only is bipartisan, but it has more than 60 or at least 60 cospon-sors. Mr. UDALL. Yes. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Here we are with this 
paralyzed process where a few individ-uals say: You know, I guess it is not important to get toxic cancer-causing items out of our household products. Also, it is not important that our States get flexible funds to preserve special places. 
I suggest that rather than blocking 
such legislation, folks who have that mind come to the floor and make their case. If they want more cancer for our children, come to make your case. If you don’t want to preserve special places in America, come and make your case. But do not obstruct this body from being able to have the con-versation. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Would the Senator 
consider consent to join the colloquy? 
Mr. UDALL. Please, Senator 
L
ANKFORD . 
Mr. LANKFORD. Thank you for let-
ting me join the conversation. 
The argument here is not against 
whether I would want or other Mem-bers would want cancer-causing items or would want to have the degradation. The problem is the degradation in our public parks and lands. 
We have an $11.5 billion backlog in 
our national parks right now. Inexplicably, the Land and Water Con-servation Fund does not allow for the maintenance of what we have. The U.S. Government currently manages 29 per-cent of the land mass in the United States. We have a multibillion dollar backlog, including in our national treasure, which is the national parks that are out there. 
This amendment that I have, and 
which others are proposing, is to sim-ply say: Before we keep adding land—at least at the same rate we are adding more land—we should be maintaining that land. It is equivalent to if you are going to buy car, you need to at least set aside some money to pay for gas. 
All that we are asking for is some-
thing that has been asked for now for a long time through multiple commit-tees and multiple hearings, and that is, that as we engage in purchasing new property, we also make sure we are set-ting aside dollars from the Land and Water Conservation Fund to actually maintain what we are purchasing. 
The dollars that are there already 
are a $20 billion amount that is set aside for the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. The fund continues to func-tion under the current CR. Appropria-tions have already been planned and put in place by the committees to be able to put it out there. This doesn’t affect the current ongoing functioning. It only affects new dollars coming to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. It is already functioning as it is. In fact, it has a 65-year account set aside for it. 
The challenge now is this: Are we 
going to maintain what we have or are we going to keep purchasing new lands and not maintain what we have? I would say we can protect us from can-cer-causing agents and we can main-
tain what we have as well. 
Mr. UDALL. Thank you, Senator 
L
ANKFORD , for that intervention. 
I think the important point here— 
and I know Senator B URRis here on the 
floor so I am going to make a unani-mous consent request with regard to TSCA. But let me just say that I can’t agree with the amendment that Sen-ator L
ANKFORD has talked about. I 
know it is very controversial—the idea of taking money out of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which is going to the States for parks and to the Federal side for parks, and dedi-cating that to maintenance. That is something we should have done in budgets long ago, and the problem is we haven’t had adequate budgets for our parks. So we have a backlog. 
Senator M
ERKLEY mentioned, in 
terms of TSCA, the health and safety of children. There is one person I want to talk about, a woman by the name of Dominique Browning. She works with an organization called Moms Clean Air Force. She worries about her kids and the toys and the products they use. She herself survived kidney cancer. When she asked her doctor what caused the kidney cancer, he said: 
It’s one of those environmental ones. Who 
knows? We’re full of chemicals. 
This is about people such as 
Dominique Browning, who want to see a cop on the beat who is going to do something about chemicals. I think this dysfunction, this inability to deal with two very popular bills, is some-thing on which we need the leadership to step in. The leadership has the con-trol of the floor and is able to move forward. 
So I rise today in support of the 
Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. 
Last week, the Senate missed an op-
portunity to move forward on this bill and to send it to conference with the House. I was disappointed, but, I know that we can still get this done. And for the protection of American families we must get this done. 
The Toxic Substances Control Act of 
1976 is supposed to protect us. It doesn’t. 
There are over 84,000 known chemi-
cals and hundreds of new ones every year. Only five have been banned by the EPA. Only five out of 84,000. 
TSCA is broken. We all know this. It 
fails to protect families. It fails to pro-vide confidence in consumer products. We have a chance to change that. And that is what our bill will do. That is why 60 Senators from both sides of the aisle support this critical reform. 
For decades now, the risks are there, 
the dangers are there, but, there is no cop on the beat. American families are waiting for real protection. 
Unfortunately, last week, because of 
Senate dysfunction, we asked them to wait a little longer. 
They have waited too long already, 
because this is about our health and safety. This is about our children and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.019 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7563 October 28, 2015 
grandchildren. This is about people 
like Dominique Browning, who works with Moms Clean Air Force, who wor-ries about her kids, and the toys and products they use every day. She her-self survived kidney cancer. When she asked her doctor what caused her kid-ney cancer, he said: ‘‘It’s one of those environmental ones. Who knows? We’re full of chemicals.’’ 
This is about people like Lisa 
Huguenin. Lisa is a Ph.D. scientist who has done work on chemical exposure at Princeton and Rutgers and at the State and Federal level. But she is a mother first. Her 13-year-old son, Harrison, was born with autism and auto-immune de-ficiencies. Five years ago, Lisa testi-fied before Senator Lautenberg’s sub-committee on the need for reform. She is eager to see TSCA reform pass the Senate and be signed into law. 
The time for TSCA reform is now, 
and it may not come again for many years. It has passed the House. It is ready to move through the Senate. 
I ask unanimous consent that at a 
time to be determined by the majority leader, after consultation with the Democratic leader, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 121, S. 697, a bill to reauthorize and modernize the Toxic Substances Con-trol Act; that the only amendment in order be a substitute amendment to be offered by Senator I
NHOFE ; that there 
be up to 2 hours of debate equally di-vided between the two leaders or their designees; that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on adoption of the Inhofe amendment; that upon disposition of the substitute amendment, the bill be read a third time and the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, I ask the author of this unanimous consent request to modify the unanimous consent request to allow an amendment to be consid-ered in the TSCA debate, where we would take up the Cantwell-Murkowski bipartisan language on the reauthor-ization of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Mr. LANKFORD. I object to the 
modification. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma objects. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest? 
Mr. BURR. I object to the underlying 
unanimous consent request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, we have 
hit a roadblock, not because of the sub-stance, but because of a disagreement over a completely unrelated bill, the re-authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. A bill that I, along with a majority of Senators, strongly 
support. 
I respect my colleague, Senator 
B
URR. He is a true leader on LWCF. It 
never should have expired. 
The reauthorization has strong, bi-
partisan support. Fifty-three Senators signed a letter led by Senator B
URRre-
cently, and I am confident there are over 60 supporters. 
I believe that we will reauthorize and 
continue to fund LWCF. As the ranking Democrat on the Interior Appropria-tions Subcommittee, that is an ex-tremely high priority for me and it is extremely important to the people of my State. 
I want to work with Senator B
URR. 
But, LWCF is being blocked by a small minority from Senator B
URR’s own 
party. 
We have to fight that, and we will. 
But, TSCA reform should not be held up by demands for a vote on unrelated LWCF legislation. 
Groups like the National Wildlife 
Federation and others who support LWCF reauthorization have called to decouple the two. Other members of the LWCF coalition have told me this as well. 
The safety of American families 
should not be held hostage to the LWCF because the result is all too ob-vious. The safety of our children and grandchildren is put at risk each and every day that we delay TSCA reform. Is it any wonder the American people look at the Senate with dismay and confusion? At times like this I share their frustration. 
Again, I respect Senator B
URR. He is 
a cosponsor of our bill. And I know he does not want a dysfunctional Senate. He fought hard to get the Senate to work out its differences on his cyber security legislation. The Senate passed that bill this week. 
The Lautenberg Act deserves the 
same push. We need cooperation, not ultimatums. I will keep doing what I can to continue the conversation and move forward. 
We cannot sacrifice the health of in-
fants and pregnant women, of the el-derly and our most vulnerable, to Washington gridlock and obstruction. 
It has been a long road. This is a bal-
anced bill and a bipartisan bill. One that Republicans, Democrats, industry, and public health groups can all sup-port. This is historic and urgently needed reform. 
So, we won’t give up. We will keep 
going. We aren’t just Senators. Many of us are also parents and grand-parents. We know how important this is. 
This is about the health and safety of 
our families too, and I believe we can do this. 
Our former colleague, Senator Lau-
tenberg, who began this effort years ago, believed we could as well. TSCA reform was his last legislative effort, and he believed it would save more lives than anything he had done. We are proud to have the support of his widow, Bonnie. I want to repeat what 
Bonnie said so eloquently at the EPW hearing earlier this year. 
She said: This cause is urgent, be-
cause we are living in a toxic world. Chemicals are rampant in the fabrics we and our children sleep in and wear, the rugs and products in our homes and in the larger environment we live in. How many family members and friends have we lost to cancer? We deserve a system that requires screening of all chemicals to see if they cause cancer or other health problems. How many more people must we lose before we realize that having protections in just a few states isn’t good enough? We need a federal program that protects every person in this country. 
Bonnie Lautenberg is right. How long 
must American families wait? 
They have waited long enough. They 
should not keep waiting because of a dysfunctional Senate. 
Moms like Dominique and Lisa are 
watching and waiting and asking. What are we doing to protect their children, and the children of New Mexico, New Jersey, New Hampshire, North Caro-lina, and every other State. 
Reform is 40 years overdue. So, one 
way or another, we will pass this bill in the Senate. We will resolve our dif-ferences with the House, and this crit-ical reform will go to the President’s desk. 
Senator M
ERKLEY , we are here at this 
point where we saw—and we have now been joined by Senator M
ARKEY also, 
and if Senator M ARKEY wishes to par-
ticipate in this colloquy, I would ask consent to do that. 
We are at a point where we have two 
very popular pieces of legislation that have enough votes to get them on the floor and to deal with a filibuster, and we don’t have the ability to do that. So that is where we are. It is time for this place to abandon dysfunction and aban-don the kind of gridlock we see and get these bills on the floor. 
As Senator M
ERKLEY said, if people 
have an objection or an amendment like the Senator from Oklahoma, they can come down and offer it. I don’t know what my friend’s thoughts are, but Senator M
ARKEY is here and I am 
sure is willing to speak on this issue also. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I think what is ex-
traordinary about this situation is that both of these bills have at least 60 co-sponsors, which as Senator U
DALL  
pointed out is enough to close debate and get to a final vote. There was a time not very long ago when even con-troversial bills were voted on by a sin-gle majority. Unfortunately, we are now at the point where virtually every bill has to get cloture because some in-dividual objects to having a debate, even if they are not willing to stand on the floor and debate it, and that is an-other topic. The Senator from New Mexico and I have suggested that we need to change that, so if someone ob-jects to certain legislation, that Mem-ber should be on the floor speaking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.001 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7564 October 28, 2015 
about their objection so it is trans-
parent to the American public. 
Nonetheless, in this situation, we al-
ready have 60 supporters for both of these bills. We have 60 supporters and cosponsors for the Land and Water Conservation Fund and 60 supporters for TSCA—the Lautenberg act, which is now my colleague’s act—and they are both very important to our coun-try. So for us to fail to get these bills on the floor and act is a dramatic ex-ample of the failure of this institution to be able to operate as a legislature. 
This can be cured. The majority lead-
er could arrange to bring these bills to the floor. With his support and the sup-port of the cosponsors, we could get cloture to bring those bills to the floor, and that would not only be a tribute to how the U.S. Senate functions, it would also do important work for the people of America by reauthorizing the funds to protect our special places and creating a system that will operate ef-fectively to get toxic chemicals out of our everyday products. 
I think it comes as a shock to people 
across America that we have not regu-lated a single chemical that goes into toxic products since 1991, and it is ab-solutely unacceptable. They believe and expect that the items they handle every day have gone through the proc-ess of being safe and that we are not poisoning ourselves, and it is very shocking to discover that is not the case. 
These are two very important bills to 
our country. Both of these bills have 60 supporters. Let’s get them to the floor and show that the Senate can actually be a deliberative body and that we can do good work for the future of Amer-ica. 
Mr. UDALL. I thank my friend. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Massa-
chusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senators from New Mexico and Or-egon for their leadership on this issue. 
It was the best of times, it was the worst 
of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity. . . . 
There is a certain Dickensian quality 
to the Senate floor today. We rarely have debate on environmental bills that enjoy not only token bipartisan support but overwhelming bipartisan support. Today is the best of times, the age of wisdom, and the epoch of belief because we can debate not just one en-vironmental bill that has over-whelming bipartisan support but two bills that have overwhelming bipar-tisan support. Yet today is also the worst of times, the age of foolishness and the epoch of incredulity because a handful of Senate Republicans have just prevented both of these bills from even getting a vote. 
First, we had a request to reauthor-
ize the Land and Water Conservation Fund, a program conceived of by John F. Kennedy, who presented Congress with draft legislation for it in 1963. I am proud to be counted among the 
more than 60 Senate supporters of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
Next, we had a request to consider re-
form of the Toxic Substances Control Act that helps to protect the American people against these dangerous toxic chemicals. I am proud to be a supporter of the language the Senate is expected to vote on, and some have predicted up-ward of 85 Senate votes in favor of that environmental bill. 
First, a handful of Senate Repub-
licans will not allow a vote on the Land and Water Conservation Fund be-cause they don’t like the program, and then other Senate Republicans who do like the Land and Water Conservation Fund will not allow a vote on TSCA be-cause we couldn’t act on the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
This is nothing short of absurd. It is 
hard enough to reach a consensus in the U.S. Senate on any issues, much less environmental issues, but some of our colleagues seem determined to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. 
Shouldn’t we be able to make this 
the best of times on both of these bills while we have the chance to do so in-stead of perpetuating the worst of 
times view that Americans increas-ingly have of the ability of Congress to get its job done? 
I hope all of my colleagues can come 
together so we can agree that here, where there are far more than 60 votes on the Senate floor for two historic en-vironmental bills—that we do not allow for a small handful of Members to be able to stop both bills from being able to even be considered on the Sen-ate floor. 
Yesterday’s agreement on the debt 
ceiling and on having the budget go forward is how Congress should be op-erating. We should take the big issues, try to work together, and understand that there are going to be differences of opinion, but when there is over-whelming support for legislation, we should be able to move forward. 
I thank the Senator from New Mex-
ico. I thank all who have worked on this issue on a bipartisan basis. This bill has vastly improved the TSCA bill from where it was months ago, and I highly recommend it to my colleagues on the Senate floor. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is something that goes back so many decades, and it is central to a continuation of the com-mitment that each and every State in our country is able to make on two en-vironmental programs. 
I hope we can find a way of resolving 
this issue because it is time for us to take action on the Senate floor on these two critical environmental issues. 
I yield back to the Senator from New 
Mexico. 
Mr. UDALL. I thank the Senator 
from Massachusetts. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BURR. I thank the Presiding Of-
ficer. 
Let me stand and take all the blame. 
I am the guy holding up the chemical bill, TSCA. 
This is the greatest deliberative body 
in the world. This is an institution that has never shied away from any debate or any vote, and we proved it last night as we passed a very technical, difficult cyber security vote. We can take on tough issues and we can weed through them, but what we are doing today is a charade. We said that at 12 we would come down here and that there would be competitive unanimous consent re-quests. It is a joke. It is an absolute joke. We forced the Presiding Officer to be here to object, knowing he strongly objects to the legislation. 
There is one guy who has been trying 
to facilitate this, and that is Senator I
NHOFE . Throughout the whole process 
he has tried to work it out, but the fact is maybe we are at a stalemate. To sug-gest that I shouldn’t have the oppor-tunity to amend any piece of legisla-tion is to take every right I have as a U.S. Senator. To come to the floor and chastise any Member because they would like to amend legislation—that is why we were sent here by our con-stituents from our States. 
If we look back at over 200 years of 
history, we know this body doesn’t allow the biggest State to win. It al-lows every State to have their voice heard and every Member has the right to provide input on behalf of their con-stituents. 
Let me say to the authors on both 
sides that I am going to hold up the chemical bill until there is an oppor-tunity for me to either amend it or to offer the Land and Water Conservation Fund and permanently extend it on an-other piece of legislation. It is plain and simple. 
We can come and do these unanimous 
consent requests, we can feel good and go home and look and say: Here is what I did. I am on both sides of an issue. If that works, then do it. 
I will be brave enough to tell every-
one I am the guy holding it up. I am holding it up because I am an equal Member of the U.S. Senate. I am not scared to debate TSCA, and I am not scared to debate the Land and Water Conservation Fund because that is what this institution was created to do. 
I sort of get the impression that we 
set this up to determine who is more committed to something. That is what the vote is for. It is not about the talk or the debate, it is the vote. If we can’t get to the vote, it is difficult to deter-mine who is for something and who is against it. 
Let me say to my colleagues that the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund was set up over 50 years and receives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.023 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7565 October 28, 2015 
its funding off the royalties of the ex-
ploration on offshore oil and gas; 87.5 percent of it goes to the general rev-enue fund of the Federal Government and 12.5 percent goes to the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund was never set up to handle main-tenance at any State or Federal facili-ties. It was set up to allow individual treasures to be preserved by leveraging Federal dollars against private and State dollars to take in parcels, such as the Appalachian Trail, to take buff-er pieces against things like the Blue Ridge Parkway, to protect a certain treasure in a State where the Land and Water Conservation Fund went in and matched with private dollars and then turned around and turned it over to the State for a State park. The benefit is if it is private land, there is no access, but when it is public land held by the State, fishermen and hunters can ac-cess it for recreational use and can now use that State park. 
I am exactly where the Presiding Of-
ficer is. I don’t want to increase the Federal footprint of what we own, whether it is land or buildings. I want to get out of the business of ownership. I only want to preserve those things that up to this point we have deter-mined are valuable to future genera-tions, and that is not by increasing the size of those Federal holdings, it is just about protecting those Federal hold-ings. And when we talk about pro-tecting and providing for maintenance, let me suggest that it is a conversation we need to have with appropriators be-cause they are getting 87.5 percent of the royalty split. 
The Land and Water Conservation 
Fund, when we originally conceived it—I admit I was not here 50 years ago; I think J
OHNMCCAINwas the only per-
son who might have been around—it was envisioned when that fund was cre-ated that when we take something from the land, we put something back. So when we take resources, we are going to protect something over here. It was also the direction of the legisla-tion that $900 million a year go into this Land and Water Conservation Fund. We have averaged over those 50 years somewhere in the neighborhood of about $385 million a year. 
The Presiding Officer stopped me one 
day and he said: What about the $20 bil-lion in the fund? There isn’t any $20 billion in the fund. Appropriators spent that every year. They get the royalty split 100 percent, 20 percent goes over into this fund, they appropriate X, and what is left over they spend, along with the other 87.5 percent. 
Do we want to do maintenance in na-
tional parks? Appropriate it. The money is there, and it is not taxpayer money. We are collecting it off of roy-alties on expirations. And it is very im-portant that we do that maintenance. It is also important that the National Park Service prioritize maintenance over every other thing that is funded when maintenance is eliminated. But I think we have to understand it is not 
an either/or. We can be good stewards and invest in how we leverage Federal dollars with private dollars and also in-vest in the maintenance of existing fa-cilities. If that wasn’t the case, States would be up here crying for more money, more money, more money to maintain their parks. But they under-stand that is their responsibility and they budget for it. 
As I sat here a little while ago, I 
thought this was more reminiscent of an episode of ‘‘Star Trek.’’ I was wait-ing for somebody to say, ‘‘Beam me up, Scotty.’’ This is crazy. I will agree with my good friend from New Mex-ico—maybe it does take leadership 
making a decision that we are going to do both of these, but the leader doesn’t control things when we get the debt ceiling from the House. He doesn’t con-trol what legislation we have to do. Let’s face it—we don’t have to do ei-ther one of these. If we did, the Land and Water Conservation Fund after 50 years would not have expired. 
I might say I came to the floor and I 
begged at the time that I would be sat-isfied if we just extended for 60 days the Land and Water Conservation Fund in TSCA. We could have debated it and voted on it with just one amendment. But some said: No, not a 60-day exten-sion; we want it to expire. Well, it has expired, and the price to bring it back is permanent reauthorization. It is no longer 60 days or 90 days, it is perma-nent reauthorization. Why? Because this may be the best Federal program we have ever run. It is not funded with taxpayer money. It takes those royalty moneys and it leverages against State and private dollars to maximize the preservation for the next generation. Name another program that does that. Name another program that doesn’t stick their hand in the taxpayers’ pocket, that leverages it with private dollars to maximize the impact of it. This program does it day in and day out in all of the States in the United States. 
I could argue today that I would love 
to see as part of the amendment that North Carolina gets a bigger share of that. But, as the Presiding Officer knows, with me, that is sort of left up to appropriators because they are the ones who decide where the money goes. I am not here to prosecute them, but I am here to say to my colleagues: Let’s quit being foolish. Let’s have an honest debate on two different bills or put them together. I have heard that we can’t amend TSCA and put permanent reauthorization in because then it stands a chance of not passing in the House. Bull. I just say bull to that. Give the House a chance. There are just as many people over there who support the permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. They are not all captured in the U.S. Senate. Why? Because a majority of America is for permanent reauthor-ization of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. Why wouldn’t they be? It is their future. It is about their chil-
dren and their grandchildren. 
I will end with this. To all of my col-
leagues, this is not about us. No piece of legislation that we bring on this floor, we debate, and we vote on is about us. If it is, we are nothing better than a crisis management institution. This is about generations to come. This is about our children and our grand-children. And when we look through that window at the issue, we under-stand the stewardship we assume. We assume stewardship in the way we spend taxpayers’ money, we assume stewardship in the direction of this country, we assume stewardship in the impact we have globally around the world, and we assume stewardship when we talk about taking care of this footprint God gave us. 
I remember the debate as we got 
ready to build a visitors’ center out-side. I remember the history lessons that the more senior Members gave me at the time when I said: It will cost a lot of money. We can build it on top of the ground for about half the cost as we can build it underneath the ground. 
I was given the history of this build-
ing being the byproduct of a bill through Congress called the Residence Act in 1790. Congress appropriated 500,000 taxpayer dollars to build it. When the British came, the building wasn’t finished, but they were nice enough to burn what we had built. Most of the exterior was saved. The in-terior needed to be totally redone. Con-gress ended up appropriating another chunk of change, and the original Cap-itol design was not completed until 1823. And by 1823, the footprint needed to increase because the size of the Sen-ate and the House had grown; there-fore, we needed more space. 
I remind my colleagues that at the 
original time, we had housed in this building the House, the Senate, the Li-brary of Congress, and the Supreme Court. And we started this wing—what we are in—in the Senate and the wing in the House. Outside they look iden-tical; inside they are very different. But when they did that, they doubled the length of the Capitol, and they ac-tually had to then take off the Bulfinch dome of wood and copper sit-ting on a sandstone base, and they built the dome we know today—cast iron, 9 million pounds, still suspended on that original sandstone and lime-stone base. 
Since 1863, when the Statue of Free-
dom was lowered on top of this Capitol, it has looked exactly the same. I have said for 21 years that my responsibility is to make sure that 100 years from now and 200 years from now, it looks exactly like this on the outside. That was the compelling reason for spending twice as much money to put the Cap-itol Visitor Center underground where it didn’t obstruct what is a historical footprint of America’s history. 
This building—walk around it. It is a 
museum of American history—to think that an Italian artist could depict 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.024 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7566 October 28, 2015 
scenes in American history probably 
better than Americans, but he under-stood why this country was created, and that influenced his artwork throughout the Capitol. 
Let me just suggest to my colleagues 
that maybe it is time for us to go back on a tour of the Capitol, to realize that our Founders came here not to accom-plish anything for themselves but to make sure their children and their grandchildren had something better. And when we start looking at our jobs the same way they looked at creating this country and the same way they looked at preserving this building, then I will assure my colleagues we will set-tle issues like this in the way that the Senate functions and functions well, and that is in debate and in votes. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, what just 
happened here, just so we can allow the American people to understand, was the really honest, sincere effort on two bills that have overwhelming support— the Land and Water Conservation Fund and the Frank Lautenberg 21st Century Chemical Safety Act—we wanted to get these on the floor so that we can have debate and have amendments. It is ex-actly what just happened in the last week and part of this week on the cyber security bill. We got a bill on the floor, there were amendments, we in-voked cloture, and then we passed the bill at the end of the day. That is what we are trying to do. 
Individual Senators don’t have con-
trol of the floor. They do have the abil-ity to come to the floor and ask to put bills on the floor, and that is what hap-pened here. Senator M
ERKLEY showed 
up and asked to put the Land and Water Conservation Fund bill on the floor, with specific outlines, and it was objected to. I asked to put the Frank Lautenberg 21st Century Chemical Safety Act on the floor, and it was ob-jected to. That is the only power we have. The leadership has the ability to control the floor, and that is why we are on the floor speaking about this. 
So this was in no way a charade; this 
was an honest, sincere effort to try to do everything we can to make sure that everything is transparent here in terms of who is objecting, who doesn’t want things to move forward, and who is for moving forward on two very pop-ular bills. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, what is 
the parliamentary situation? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in a period of morning business. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I know 
there is a 10-minute limit; however, I do not see anyone else seeking the floor, so I ask unanimous consent to continue for 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SENATE CAREER 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this is 
really a personal speech. I was very grateful for the indulgences of my fel-low Senators who allowed me yester-day to make a few observations after I cast my 15,000th vote. I would like to elaborate a bit more. 
I have never lost sight of what a 
great opportunity and responsibility the Senate affords this Senator from Vermont, day after day, to make things better for Vermonters and for all Americans, to strengthen our coun-try and ensure its vitality on into the future, to forge solutions in the unending quest begun by the founders of this country to form a more perfect union. 
Over the last 40 years, I have been 
blessed to be able to serve with some of the giants of the Senate: Mike Mans-field, Howard Baker, Robert Byrd, Wal-ter Mondale, Hubert Humphrey, Bob Dole, George Mitchell, and my mentor when I came here, then-senior Senator from Vermont, Senator Bob Stafford. I would note that I became the only Democrat ever elected from my State. Senator Stafford was really ‘‘Mr. Re-publican’’ in Vermont. And I wondered what the relationship would be. He im-mediately took me under his arm and guided me and worked with me, and there wasn’t a day that went by that we didn’t consult and I didn’t gain from his wisdom and experience. 
There are so many others. Marcelle 
and I have made close friendships on both sides of the aisle, like Senator John Glenn and his wife Annie, who were Democrats, and Senator C
OCHRAN  
and Senator Lugar, Republicans. I had the privilege and have had the privi-lege to serve with more than 370 Sen-ators in all from different walks of life and every corner of this Nation, these different backgrounds, different sto-ries, and different life experiences, both parties. And this has made this institution the greatest deliberative body in the world. 
I cast my first vote in this Chamber 
in 1975. It was a resolution to establish the Church Committee. The critical issues of the post-Watergate era par-allel issues we face today. 
I also had a front-row seat, a bit part 
in an historic effort, initiated by a Democrat—Senator Mondale of Min-nesota—and a Republican—Senator Pearson of Kansas—to change the Sen-ate’s earlier cloture rule, which had 
been abused for decades in thwarting the will of clear majorities of the American people on such crucial issues as civil rights reforms. 
That project might not sound dif-
ficult, but changing the way the Sen-ate operates is something akin to try-ing to change the weather. 
Late—actually very late one night— 
in a lengthy, difficult debate—and we sometimes went around the clock— Senator Mondale and Majority Leader 
Mansfield enlisted me, the most junior Senator, to play a role. They asked me to stay on the floor one night around 2 in the morning to take the gavel as the Presiding Officer. They expected that a lot of tight rulings were coming up. I felt so honored, but I did feel the honor drain away as Senator Mansfield ex-plained, no, no, they just needed some-body big, 6-foot-3, 200 pounds, and who was still awake, to be the Chair for those rulings, in case tempers flared. Sometimes a Senator is no more than a conscious body in the right place at the right time. 
But among those 15,000 votes I have 
been proud to cast on behalf of Vermonters, some were Vermont-ori-ented, some national, some global: the organic farm bill, the charter for what has become a thriving $30 billion indus-try—I fought for years for that and got it through with bipartisan support; stronger regulations on mercury pollu-tion and combating the effects of glob-al warming; emergency relief for the devastation caused by Tropical Storm Irene. In that case, Senator G
RASSLEY , 
who spoke on the floor yesterday—I re-call the morning after that storm, fly-ing around the devastated State of Vermont. The first call I got was from Senator G
RASSLEY saying, ‘‘You 
Vermonters stood with us. We will stand with you.’’ How much that meant, based on relationships that were built over the years. 
We adopted price support programs 
for small dairy farmers. We fought for the privacy and civil liberties of all Americans. I remember supporting the Reagan-O’Neill deal to save Social Se-curity—President Ronald Reagan and Democratic Speaker Tip O’Neill. We fought for nutrition bills to help Amer-icans below the poverty line, joined by people like Bob Dole and George McGovern. Bipartisan—strongly bipar-tisan—campaign reform in McCain- Feingold. The bipartisan Leahy-Smith Act on patent reform was the first re-form in 50 years. I worked with M
IKE 
CRAPO from Idaho to reauthorize and 
greatly expand and strengthen the Vio-lence Against Women Act. 
I was proud to oppose the war in Iraq, 
a venture that cost so many lives and trillions of taxpayer dollars. Serving on the Armed Services Committee in April of 1975, I became the first and only Vermonter to cast a vote to end the war in Vietnam, and by a one-vote margin, we cut off authorization for the war. 
Every significant legislative success 
I have had has been achieved through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.025 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7567 October 28, 2015 
the often slow process of methodically 
building bipartisan coalitions. A break-through in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee last week in beginning to come to grips with criminal justice reform is a fresh example of this and so was en-actment this summer of the electronic surveillance reforms in our USA FREE-DOM Act. 
I would remind everybody, we are not 
alone in this body. Legislative work in a democracy in large part is the art of compromise. Compromise is essential in assimilating and digesting com-peting points of view and competing in-terests, which are all the more diverse in a large and heterogeneous nation like ours. We are not just some small nation made up of just one particular class of people. The remarkable strength of the United States is that we have people who came here from all over the world and made us a strong nation. And I think we Senators keep faith with our core values as we listen to the perspectives of others. Insisting on our way or no way at all is a sure-fire recipe for stalemate, to the great detriment of the entire Nation and the people we represent. As Winston Churchill once said: ‘‘The maxim, ‘nothing avails but perfection,’ may be spelled shorter: PARALYSIS.’’ 
Some measure of self-restraint is es-
sential for a legislative body in a democratic republic like ours to func-tion. Louis Brandeis once said, ‘‘De-mocracy substitutes self-restraint for external restraint. It is more difficult to maintain than to achieve.’’ He was right. Self-restraint in a democracy is not an easy virtue. 
In the previous Congress, as Presi-
dent pro tempore, I had the pleasure of accompanying Chaplain Barry Black to the podium as he offered the morning invocation. I like to think—maybe it is more that I like to hope—that some of his inspiration rubs off on us, at least a little, each day. One morning years ago, for instance, he said: ‘‘Give them (the Senators) the stature to see above the wall of prideful opinion.’’ We can each point to each other, the other 99, and say: See, that is for you. We have to remember it is for us, too, each one of us. 
I was talking, my wife Marcelle and 
I, last night about 15,000 votes. It didn’t seem possible when I came here as a junior Member of the Senate. I also know there is a lot more work to do. I hope we can restore the bipartisan campaign finance reform that so many in this body—Republicans and Demo-crats—supported. I hope we can restore the historic and foundational Voting Rights Act. I hope we continue to fight to support our farmers, who give us food security and are the very fabric of this country. We are a nation that can feed ourselves. I think we should fight against government overreach in the wake of national security threats. Sometimes going into all our private matters is itself a national security threat. We should do more to support our veterans and their families. When they come back from war, we should 
continue that support. We should ex-pand education opportunity for all. My family came to Vermont in the 1850s. I became the first Leahy to get a college degree and my sister, the second one. We hope our children and grand-children will have the same edu-cational opportunities. We should re-
build the American middle class and offer helping hands to lift all Ameri-cans out of poverty. We should fund our roads and bridges. We build roads and bridges in other countries in wars where they sometimes get blown up. Let’s build some in our own country where we need them. We should pass appropriations bills, not continuing resolutions. Pass them every year, each year. It is a lot of work, but not an insurmountable goal. It will take good will and bipartisan cooperation to achieve them. 
We 100 Senators should never forget 
that we are but the public face of an in-stitution that is supported by thou-sands of hard-working staff, our office aides and policy experts—my own, of course, among the best in the Senate— the Capitol Police, the folks who keep order and help to showcase this great building to millions of tourists, and those bright and dutiful Senate pages in the well of this Chamber, all of them are part of the Senate family. 
The Senate at its best can be the con-
science of the Nation. And I have seen that happen over the years when we’ve risen up together and expressed the conscience of the Nation. And I marvel in the fundamental soundness and wis-dom of our system every time it does. We can’t afford to put any part of the mechanism on automatic pilot. It takes constant work and vigilance to keep our society working. 
It is easy for politicians to appeal to 
our worst instincts and to our selfish-ness. Political leaders serve best when they appeal to the best in us, to lift our sights, summon our will, and raise us to a higher level. I still get a thrill every time I walk in this building and walk out on this floor, knowing the history of this place, just knowing I am going to be a part of that history. Sen-ators have come and gone, but I have had one partner through these 15,000 votes: my wife, Marcelle. We came here in 1975 with three wonderful children: Kevin, Alicia, and Mark. Alicia was here in the Chamber yesterday rep-resenting her husband, Lawrence, and their children. And I remember my par-ents and Marcelle’s parents visiting often. I remember how much they en-joyed visiting here, seeing what we are doing. But I think they especially wanted to visit their three grand-children. Well, now I look at our grand-children—Roan, Francesca, Sophia, Patrick, and Fiona—and I understand how my parents felt. 
I am so grateful to my fellow 
Vermonters for the confidence they have shown in me. It is a measure of trust that urges me on and which I will never betray or take for granted. As I have reflected on these 15,000 
votes, it reminds me of the significance every time we vote, why I feel ener-gized about what votes lie ahead, and how we can keep making a difference. 
I thank the distinguished Presiding 
Officer for his forbearance. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
f 
COMMENDING SENATOR LEAHY 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I want 
to reflect on the comments the senior Senator from Vermont has shared. I want to say to Senator L
EAHY that 
what he has reflected in the course of his career of casting 15,000 votes, spanned over four decades in the Sen-ate—some would say the courtliness, the gentlemanliness, the bipartisan-ship, the deference, the respect, the honor—some would say these are old- fashioned ideas. 
This Senator happens to feel they are 
American values, and how often have we seen those characteristics not on display? Tonight the House of Rep-resentatives is going to pass not only raising the debt ceiling so we can pay our bills but also a budget template—a blueprint—under which we can then ap-propriate the specifics. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield for one moment? 
Mr. NELSON. Absolutely. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Florida and I have been friends for decades. To get this praise from a man who served with distinc-tion as a Congressman, a Senator, and an astronaut means a great deal to me. I thank him. 
Mr. NELSON. The Senator is very 
gracious, but I stood to comment upon the characteristics he has exemplified in his public life that is a role model for all of us. I was about to say, here we are seeing tonight that the U.S. Congress is going to be able to move ahead without falling off the fiscal cliff because there is going to be a bipar-tisan vote in the House of Representa-tives. My goodness gracious, isn’t this what it is supposed to be all about? 
The Senator from Vermont can re-
member well over 30 years ago when this Senator was a young Congress-man, and the role models in the House of Representatives at the time were Tip O’Neill and Bob Michel—the Demo-cratic speaker and the leader of the Re-publicans. They had their fights, and at the end of the day they were personal friends. They had a personal relation-ship. They then could work out all the thorny problems and build consensus in order to govern. 
I thank the Senator from Vermont. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION BILL 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I came 
to talk about the Transportation bill. We have it in front of us. Transpor-tation has laid the foundation of our country’s success, whether it was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.003 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7568 October 28, 2015 
Henry Ford, who showed us how to do 
mass automotive manufacturing, revo-lutionized the manufacturing of cars, whether it was Henry Flagler, who built a railroad on an unsettled land along the East Coast of Florida, brought in the development of my State, whether it was the Wright brothers—these guys were much more 
than bicycle shop owners. These guys were geniuses who studied the move-ment of birds. They were the first ones to be able to figure out how—what they called it in the day—a heavier-than-air flying machine could do that. These ideas, and over the years the invest-ments, helped make this country be-come a global leader in almost every-thing. 
With regard to transportation, we 
have gotten off course. Rather than making big investments, we keep kick-ing the can down the road. Today’s ex-tension—short-term extension, I might say—of the highway trust fund is one more example of this because it is just putting off what we have to do, which is improve our roads, our rails, and our port infrastructure. That means we have to increase the investments in our infrastructure and focus on the area that will not only create jobs and sup-port our economy but will rehabilitate this infrastructure. Our roads are crumbling. Our bridges are crumbling. Remember a few years ago when the bridge collapsed on the main interstate highway in Minnesota—killing a num-ber of people, injuring others. Our in-frastructure is crumbling. We need to do these investments in our transpor-tation infrastructure to make sure it is safe. 
In July the Senate stood tall. We had 
a Republican chairman and a Demo-cratic ranking member, Senator I
NHOFE and Senator B OXER , and they 
came together just like that—like it is supposed to be around here—and they passed the highway bill. We call it the highway bill, but it includes a lot more: ports, rail, highway safety, all the things that go on with building a new road, such as sidewalks. We passed that. It passed overwhelmingly. It passed overwhelmingly bipartisan—but then you get to the point of how in the world are we going to pay for it. 
That bill included many important 
provisions that will keep workers on the job. For the first time, the bill in-cluded a freight rail program that aims to improve freight across all types of transportation—not just freight but trucks, ports. Of course, what this is going to do is it is going to help us move goods more efficiently, whether they are traveling through a port or on rail or on the highways. 
For the first time, this highway reau-
thorization was a bipartisan reauthor-ization of Amtrak. Amtrak was last re-authorized 2 years ago—way back in 2013. With a strong commitment from the commerce committee chairman, Senator T
HUNE , all of us on the com-
mittee were able to include provisions that will improve our passenger rail systems. In the commerce committee, 
we fought to improve safety and in-crease investments in our infrastruc-ture. There were many provisions—es-pecially on trucking and vehicle safety issues—that needed to be improved. What we put in the bill was to prevent rolling back safety improvements in transportation. 
Here we are. Today we need to pass 
this bill so we can quickly get to work on the final bill. This is a stopgap tem-porary message. I urge the House to work toward a bipartisan compromise like the Senate bill rather than weigh the bill down with a whole bunch of ideological things, safety rollbacks and giveaways to industries. This highway bill is too important to get mired in partisan politics. For us to maintain the safety, efficiency, and growth of our transportation system, Congress must put an end to the instability caused by what we are going to have to do today, which is a short-term exten-sion. We can only do this by working together to find commonsense and bi-partisan solutions. 
I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OBAMACARE 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, it has 
been a while since I have come to the Senate floor to talk about the short-comings of the so-called Affordable Care Act—a few months at least. The last time I spoke about ObamaCare on the floor, I spoke at some length about the ever-increasing insurance pre-miums that had resulted from the law’s draconian mandates and regulations. 
Sadly, as I rise to revisit this subject, 
things haven’t gotten better for ObamaCare. In fact, if the Obama ad-ministration’s own estimates are to be believed, things are actually getting much worse. As we all know, this Sun-day, November 1, marks the beginning of the 2016 open enrollment period for the ObamaCare health insurance ex-changes. This is an important mile-stone for the health care law in large part because President Obama and his supporters have, since the day the law was passed, repeatedly promised that as Americans become more familiar with how the law works, the more they will grow to love it. 
ObamaCare proponents wrote off 
problems in the first year of enroll-ment as glitches that were to be ex-pected as the country transitioned to a new health care system. Problems in the second year were similarly dis-missed as necessary growing pains as everyone learned from the mistakes that were made the previous year. 
Now, as we approach the third year of enrollment, supporters of the Presi-dent’s health care law are running out of excuses. At this point, most reason-able Americans—including many who may have initially been huge sup-porters of this endeavor—expect the system created under the law to work the way it was designed to work. 
You know what? The law is working 
the way it was designed to work. The problem is, it is not working the way the designer said it would work. At the time the law was drafted, the archi-tects of ObamaCare said they can im-pose all new mandates and regulations on the insurance market, requiring massively expanded coverage above and beyond consumer demand, claim-ing that any increased costs that re-sulted from these requirements would be offset when more young and rel-atively healthy consumers were forced to buy insurance or pay a fine. Of course, they only called it a fine when they were drafting the law and ini-tially selling it to the American peo-ple. Now a few years and a Supreme Court decision later, we were all sup-posed to call that fine a tax, but I di-gress. 
My point is that those who drafted 
the President’s health law and then subsequently forced it through Con-gress on a strictly partisan basis said their new system would expand health coverage for everyone without increas-ing costs. In fact, they went further. They claimed that it would actually bring costs down. However, due to the way the law was actually designed, it was never going to work that way. 
No matter how many ad campaigns 
the government charged to the tax-payers and no matter how many talk shows the President went on to encour-age hip, young audiences to enroll in the exchanges, the numbers were never going to add up. This is true for one simple reason: For all the attention the drafters of ObamaCare paid to ex-panding coverage and remaking the health insurance industry, they did not do anything to reduce the actual costs of health care in America. 
The problems with ObamaCare are 
not due to bad marketing, they are the result of fundamental design flaws. Health care costs are the biggest bar-rier keeping participants out of the in-surance market. Health care costs are among the main factors contributing to wage stagnation for American work-ers. And health care costs continue to be the single largest problem plaguing our Nation’s health care system. Yet despite the obvious problems, health care costs were all but ignored when the so-called Affordable Care Act was being drafted, and the few provisions in the law that were aimed at bringing down costs were either poorly con-ceived, terribly implemented or both. 
For example, we had the Consumer 
Operated and Oriented Plan Program, or CO-OP Program, which was created 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.033 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7569 October 28, 2015 
to encourage the development of a non-
profit health insurance sector. Specifi-cally, under the CO-OP Program, HHS dealt out $2.4 billion in loans to 23 non-profit startup plans. Many of which were headed not by insurance or health care experts but by political activists with no actual business experience. 
Almost immediately we began to 
hear reports of mismanagement in the program and poor decisionmaking at the CO-OPs themselves. Earlier this year, the HHS Office of Inspector Gen-eral reported that 21 of the 23 CO-OPs that received loans under the pro-gram—loans that were supposed to last for 15 years, by the way—had suffered staggering losses. This, of course, was not surprising given the inexperience of many of the founders of the CO-OPs and the lack of oversight and account-ability at HHS with regard to the pro-gram. 
While a nonprofit insurer may not be 
focused on avoiding losses, one would assume that, at the very least, staying in business would be a priority. Yet, over the last several months, 10 of the 23 CO-OPs have had to close their doors, with more failures expected in the near future. The latest CO-OP fail-ure was announced just yesterday and took place in my own home State of Utah, hitting pretty close to home for a number of people in my State who are just trying to find affordable health insurance. 
Every time one of these CO-OPs fails, 
they leave patients and customers in the lurch. A failed CO-OP in New York that was called Health Republic and was considered by many to be a flag-ship for the loan program will leave more than 150,000 customers looking for new insurance when its doors close at the end of the year. And, of course, $2.4 billion is hardly chump change. Yet that is how much the American taxpayers have shelled out to these CO- OPs, and as of right now, it is unlikely that any of that money is ever coming back. 
Despite these obvious problems with 
ObamaCare, we hear a constant drum-beat from my friends on the other side of the aisle that the law is a smashing success. My friends and colleagues have gotten very good at cherry picking fa-vorable data points to make these types of claims. They will cite an en-rollment number out of context or a premium projection that is slightly smaller than one that came before it as evidence that ObamaCare is working and that the only problems with the health care system they so graciously gifted to the American people are the terrible Republicans who have dared to raise objections. 
I expect that as time wears on and 
the number of isolated-yet-favorable data points continues to get smaller and smaller, more people will see this ruse for what it is. Case in point, ear-lier this month the Department of Health and Human Services released its latest projections for enrollment in the ObamaCare exchanges. For anyone who has an interest—political, finan-
cial or otherwise—in defending the Af-fordable Care Act, the numbers are not good, and I am being kind when I say that. 
The Obama administration projects 
that in 2016, roughly 1.3 million people will newly enroll in the exchanges. Now, 1.3 million may sound like a big number, however, as always, context is important here. When the law was originally passed in 2010, the Congres-sional Budget Office projected that we would see an increase of about 8 mil-lion enrollees on the exchanges in 2016 compared to 2015. Now HHS is pre-dicting that enrollment will be less than a quarter of that projection. 
It gets worse. In 2010 CBO also projected that by 
the end of 2016, roughly 21 million pa-tients would be enrolled in plans pur-chased on the exchanges. Now, HHS projects that the number will likely be less than half of that, probably a little more than 10 million people. In other words, all the rosy claims and pre-dictions we heard at the time the law was passed about the impact these new exchanges would have on insurance markets and premiums were based in large part on the assumption that twice as many people would enroll. Now, by its own terms, ObamaCare is becoming a bigger failure by the day. 
Unfortunately, I am not done. HHS also estimates that there are 19 
million Americans who earn too much income to qualify for Medicaid but still qualify for ObamaCare exchange sub-sidies who still have not enrolled. Ac-cording to their numbers, a little less than half of these people buy insurance off the exchange without getting sub-sidies, leaving more than 10 million people eligible for subsidies on the ex-changes but still uninsured. The ad-ministration also says about half of that eligible-but-uninsured population is between the ages of 18 and 34 and that nearly two-thirds of them are in excellent or very good health. 
In other words, a huge portion of 
those refusing to purchase health in-surance on the exchanges, even though they are eligible for ObamaCare sub-sidies, are the same young and healthy consumers that the Affordable Care Act was designed to coerce into the health insurance market in order to subsidize all of the new mandates and regulations imposed under this law. 
The exchanges are failing to attract 
the very customers they need in order to stay afloat. If they cannot attract more of this prized Democratic base, the ObamaCare exchanges—and with them the entire ObamaCare system itself—will collapse under their own weight. 
The question now becomes this: What 
is keeping these young and healthy consumers from enrolling on the ex-changes? Why are millions of people opting to pay a fine and forego cov-erage rather than purchasing health in-surance with the aid of a government subsidy? The answer, for anyone who wasn’t listening earlier, is costs. Ac-
cording to a recent survey by the non-partisan Robert Wood Johnson Founda-tion, the vast majority—nearly 80 per-cent—of uninsured Americans who have looked for insurance said that after weighing everything, they could not afford the purchase. 
Sadly, the cost problem is only get-
ting worse. As we learned earlier this year, insurance plans in markets across the country have been request-ing dramatic increases in their pre-miums, and those increases have been confirmed as the enrollment date has drawn closer. 
Just yesterday I had a number of rep-
resentatives from hospitals in New York and around New York City say they cannot continue to handle all of the nonpaying emergency room cus-tomers. They don’t know what to do, and they are in danger of losing the health care systems they have estab-lished. 
In Minnesota, for example, there are 
five insurance carriers on the ex-change. In 2016, all five will be offering insurance policies with rate hikes in the double digits between 14 and 49 per-cent. 
In Oregon, premiums for the second 
lowest cost silver plan on the ex-change, the benchmark plan, will go up by about 23 percent. In Alaska, that hike will be more than 31 percent. In Oklahoma, consumers on this bench-mark plan will see an increase of more than 35 percent in their monthly pre-miums. 
My own State of Utah will not be im-
mune to this trend, unfortunately. Last week, the Deseret News reported that on average insurance rates for plans on Utah’s federally run exchange will be 22 percent higher next year. 
Keep in mind that these numbers 
only reflect premiums and do not take into account potential increases in total out-of-pocket costs, which can in-clude things such as copayments or deductibles. 
In a sense, all of this creates a vi-
cious, self-perpetuating cycle. The plans on the exchanges, even with the ObamaCare tax subsidies, are too ex-pensive for millions of the young, healthy consumers whom the ex-changes need in order to keep the costs down. As a result, not enough members of this valuable demographic segment purchase insurance, causing plans to become more expensive and leading more insurers to drop out of the mar-ketplace. 
None of this should be surprising. 
From the outset, opponents of ObamaCare, including myself and many of my Republican colleagues, predicted this exact outcome. The cycle moves in only one direction: higher costs, fewer choices, and a health care system that offers poorer and poorer care to the American peo-ple. Absent some sort of independent and intervening action to bring costs down, there is no scenario in which this gets better. It will only get worse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.035 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7570 October 28, 2015 
I know that some of my colleagues 
have some specific intervening actions in mind. For example, they would like to see the Federal Government not only regulate the products offered on the insurance market, but the prices as well. And when the inevitable hap-pens—when no private insurance pro-vider can remain profitable in an envi-ronment where both product and price are set by the government—these same colleagues will, of course, want the government to step in and provide a plan of its own. In fact, that was what was in many of their minds at the be-ginning—socialized medicine. They fig-ured this would push us towards it, and it certainly will if we don’t change course. Soon enough, because only the government will be able to provide health insurance without the pesky need to turn a profit, the government’s health insurance will be the only avail-able option. 
I don’t want to imply base or bad mo-
tives on the part of those who sup-ported health care—by the way, it was a totally partisan vote—but let’s be honest about what is going to happen here. A vast group of people on the left are really hoping that the government can do it all, and the government will pay for everything. Somebody has to feed the government too. 
Well, in the eyes of many—including, 
I believe, a number of my colleagues here in Congress—the only way to end the downward spiral we are currently facing under ObamaCare is, as I have said, to create a single-payer health care system. In other words, socialized medicine—where the government pro-vides health care for everybody. We can imagine how the costs are going to go up when that happens. 
I made this very claim back in 2010 
when the Affordable Care Act was passed, and left-leaning politicians and pundits said it was a paranoid scare tactic. But now, as ObamaCare’s down-ward spiral is becoming more obvious, I suspect that my argument is seeming less farfetched by the day. 
Fortunately, the march toward a sin-
gle-payer system is not our only op-tion. We can take action right now to right this ship. We can control costs. We can take government out of the equation and give patients and con-sumers more choices. 
There are a number of ideas out there 
that would accomplish these goals. One of them, of course, is the plan Senator B
URR and I have offered, along with 
Representative F RED UPTON in the 
House. Our plan is called the Patient CARE Act. I have spoken about it at length a number of times here on the floor and elsewhere. While ours is not the only good plan out there, a number of respected health care experts have analyzed the Patient CARE Act and concluded that it would, in fact, bend the cost curve and make health care more affordable for everybody. 
Once again, the failure to bring down 
costs is easily the biggest of ObamaCare’s many failures. Our plan would ensure that Congress does not 
repeat that failure. 
I am well aware that health care pol-
icy is a contentious topic around here. I know there are a myriad of views and no shortage of fierce disagreements on virtually all aspects of our failing health care system, but right now, it should be clear to everyone that the so- called Affordable Care Act was grossly misnamed. The law has failed to make health care more affordable, and it has failed to correct far too many of the problems that have long plagued our Nation’s health care system. The soon-er more of our colleagues—particularly those on the other side of the aisle— recognize and admit this failure, the sooner we can begin to work together on a plan that will deliver real results for the American people and not con-tinue on this spiraling downward path of moving toward socialized medicine where we have one-size-fits-all medi-cine for the people in this country and, frankly, government running it. That has never worked, and it is not going to work in this country. 
We need to revamp this program, and 
we have needed from the beginning to do so. I hope people will listen. I hope the citizens out there will start to pour it on and let everybody know that this is a disaster and that there are ways we might be able not only to stop the dis-aster, but also to increase good health care, excellent health care for the ben-efit of our people. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION BILL AND 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak about a piece of legislation that is pending before the Senate and is ex-pected, as I understand it, to be consid-ered tomorrow, and that would be a short-term extension of the Transpor-tation bill. 
While I am tired of short-term exten-
sions of transportation bills, it is my understanding that in this particular case a short-term extension will lead us to a long-term transportation bill. I certainly welcome the opportunity to consider something that would meet the needs of our country—its infra-structure needs, our highways, roads, bridges—for a number of years to come. We have to get to the point at which we are dealing with issues over a longer period of time than we do when we do a short-term extension. 
It is also important for us to make 
certain there is certainty so that the Kansas Department of Transportation and other departments across the coun-try, as well as highway contractors and those who use our highways, can have certainty in what the transportation system—the roads, bridges and high-ways—is going to be. 
There is another issue of uncertainty 
that is out there, and it has to do with positive train control. Included in the legislation, extending the time for us 
to consider a transportation bill, is a provision that extends the deadline for the final implementation of positive train control, a safety issue that has long had consideration here in Con-gress, and we are well on our way to having positive train control in our rail transportation system, both pas-senger and freight. But we need to have an opportunity for that implementa-tion to occur over a slightly longer pe-riod of time than what was originally planned when positive train control be-came a mandate, a requirement upon our railroads. 
I am pleased that we are going to 
consider an extension of the Transpor-tation bill that puts us in a position to deal with a long-term transportation bill. I am also pleased—and I wish to spend just a minute or two speaking— about a provision that is included in that extension, and that deals with ex-tending the positive train control im-plementation. 
I wish to thank my colleague from 
South Dakota, Senator T
HUNE . He is 
the chairman of the committee that I am on, the commerce committee. I thank him for his leadership in advanc-ing this effort and allowing us the op-portunity to deliver the certainty that we need on this important issue. 
There is no allegation that those who 
are implementing positive train con-trol are inattentive or that they lack desire; there is no suggestion that it is an undue delay, that they are not doing what needs to be done. Every indica-tion we have from all experts is it has nothing to do with a lack of commit-ment of the railroads; it has to do with the fact that we can’t get there in the time that we had hoped for originally when we set forth this requirement. 
We know there is a pending imple-
mentation date, a deadline of Decem-ber 31. We know it is unattainable. It is unattainable despite the fact that bil-lions of dollars have already been spent to get PTC installed as quickly and as safely as possible. However, the reality is that without an extension of that deadline beyond December 31, railroads and shippers—that deadline to take the necessary precautions to alter their service standards is imminent. In other words, if they have to comply, they are going to change their schedules, and that has tremendous economic con-sequences to businesses that depend upon rail transportation. It creates a significant problem in contingency planning required by a shutdown of the supply chain that uses rail transpor-tation. Congress needs to act now. 
There are suggestions that I under-
stand from a number of my colleagues that the extension we are going to pre-sumably be voting on in the next day— that the vote be delayed or that the ex-tension be shortened. I want to express my conviction that it is necessary for Congress to act now, not later. Our Na-tion’s economy cannot afford—those who work in Kansas in agriculture, in-cluding our farmers and ranchers, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.036 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7571 October 28, 2015 
those who work in manufacturing, as 
well as our laborers in the aircraft in-dustry—cannot afford a rail disruption that would occur if we don’t do this ex-tension immediately. We need to ex-tend the deadline. As I say, it could have a devastating impact upon thou-sands of manufacturers, farmers, ranchers, and certainly the passengers who utilize rail transportation—who use Amtrak and other passenger serv-ices across the country. 
I would indicate to my colleagues 
that just a few weeks ago my colleague from Montana, Senator T
ESTER , and I 
joined in a bipartisan effort to ask our colleagues to express the need for this extension, and we were successful in getting 43 Senators, 12 of whom were Democratic Senators, to sign a letter encouraging our leadership to bring forth this issue. So in a very bipartisan way, with broad agreement, this exten-sion needs to occur. 
Incidentally, the House passed this 
extension by unanimous agreement. Again, apparently there was little con-troversy or no controversy; it passed by voice vote. So we have significant bipartisan support, bicameral support. The House has already acted, and it is time for us to do so. 
I wanted my colleagues to know that 
many in this Chamber have encouraged this to occur. We are on the precipice of it happening, and we ought not allow it to be delayed or shortened. The ex-tension needs to occur this week. The vote needs to occur this week. The ex-tension needs to be for a sufficient pe-riod of time to send that message of certainty and give the rail industry the opportunity to come into compliance in a timeframe that is reasonable and manageable. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor for a very unusual reason this afternoon. It has to do with an at-tack on for-profit colleges by a long-standing campaign by certain groups and individuals who have been opposed to for-profit colleges. They were able to destroy one out in California, and they are continuing to attempt to make those attacks work on other for-profit colleges. 
This is a very unusual situation be-
cause what we are seeing take place are conclusions being drawn and action being taken—in this case by the De-partment of Defense—without due process, as a result of pressure exerted by a Member and Members of the Sen-ate, which then has resulted in action 
without due process. 
Last week there was a very inter-
esting editorial in the Wall Street Journal entitled ‘‘Obama’s For-Profit Stealth Attack. The Pentagon punishes Phoenix on orders from Senate head-quarters.’’ 
Earlier this month the Defense Depart-
ment cut off military tuition assistance to new students at the for-profit University of Phoenix, which enrolls about 9,300 service-members at its 105 campuses nationwide. 
Defense’s reasons for discharging Phoenix 
are vague: A review ‘‘in response to allega-tions published by the Center for Investiga-tive Reporting’’ in a June drive-by on the college found minor breaches in decorum. 
Let me emphasize that. I say to my 
colleagues, there was a story written by an outfit called the Center for In-vestigative Reporting—I don’t know anything about them, and I am sure the Department of Defense does not. But as a result of an investigation by an outfit that none have ever heard of, then action was taken by the Depart-ment of Defense. It was not a Depart-ment investigation. There was no scru-tiny. This is a remarkable case of the Senate exerting influence in a way which is, I think, almost unprece-dented. 
To wit, Phoenix had distributed unauthor-
ized ‘‘challenge coins,’’ which commonly de-note tokens of recognition, with military in-signia. Yet many non-military outfits in-cluding the University of Miami, Boeing and Intel— 
And I would point out Southern Illi-
nois University— 
hand out such coins. 
It is not an uncommon practice to 
hand out coins. 
Phoenix’s real offense, according to the 
Center for Investigative Reporting— 
Remember, this has nothing to do 
with the Government of the United States— 
is using the coin to ‘‘imply military sup-
port’’ for the college. 
My friends, at least 100 institutions 
in America give out challenge coins. I wonder if those institutions have com-mitted grievous crime in the view of the CIR. 
Defense also censured Phoenix for failing 
to obtain approvals from the ‘‘responsible education advisor’’ to sponsor events on military bases. 
First, it is good to sponsor military 
events on military bases. Lots of orga-nizations, lots of companies, lots of corporations sponsor events on mili-tary bases. In this case, although the responsible education advisor was not consulted, the commanding officer of the base was consulted and gave his ap-proval. 
Yet as the CIR article showed, military of-
ficials have welcomed the university onto their bases. 
They welcomed them because they 
were honoring those who serve—re-markable. 
Phoenix didn’t navigate all the correct bu-
reaucratic channels. 
In any case, as Defense acknowledges, ‘‘the 
University of Phoenix has responded to these infractions with appropriate corrective ac-
tion at this time.’’ 
So as minor as these offenses may 
have been and technical in nature, they have taken the corrective action, but still a Senator wants them punished. 
But political general Dick Durbin, the Illi-
nois Democrat who is leading the charge against for-profits in the Senate, nonetheless commanded the Pentagon to ‘‘bar the com-pany from further access to servicemem-bers.’’ 
So the department is putting Phoenix on 
‘‘probation’’ because it finds the ‘‘scope of these previous violations’’ to be ‘‘dis-concerting.’’ What’s really disconcerting— 
According to the Wall Street Jour-
nal. 
—is the Obama Administration’s 
politicization of military policy. Defense also cites ‘‘inquiries’’ by the Federal Trade Commission and California Attorney General Kamala Harris. 
To be clear, Phoenix hasn’t been charged 
with wrongdoing. According to the Defense Department, 96% of the university’s service-members successfully completed courses, a higher rate than the public Central Texas College . . . and nonprofit Liberty Univer-sity. . . . In essence, the Obama Administra-tion’s military tribunal is punishing Phoenix for being a target of the political left. 
Yet this is the White House standard of due 
process, so Phoenix should be nervous. 
I say to my friends and colleagues, 
they are nervous. 
Last year the Education Department, Con-
sumer Financial Protection Bureau and Ms. Harris mounted a coordinated campaign that drove for-profit Corinthian College out of business without ever proving misconduct. 
This is why I say to my colleagues 
that I am on the floor because clearly, without any proof of misconduct, with the power of the U.S. Senate, the De-partment of Education, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and Ms. Harris, they were able to drive a col-lege out of business. And it is obvious what this is really all about. This is all about the constant attacks on for-prof-it colleges, which is an anathema to some. 
Continuing: 
Over the last five years, Phoenix enroll-
ment has dropped by half to 220,000 students due largely to the left’s assault on for-profit education, which has knee-capped recruiting. . . . Military tuition assistance makes up less than 1% of Phoenix’s revenues. However, many servicemembers who are seeking voca-tional skills later pursue bachelor’s and mas-ters degrees at the university under the GI Bill. Veterans make up 20% of the univer-sity’s enrollment, and many need the flexi-bility of Phoenix’s online courses as they earn a living while going to school. 
Most of our veterans, because of their 
age, have to earn a living while going to school. 
The article continues: 
The Administration’s ostensible goal is to 
discredit Phoenix and choke off veteran re-cruitment. But the casualties of its attack will be servicemembers who will now have fewer educational options and opportunities. 
Meantime, General Durbin has commanded 
the Education Department and Department of Veterans Affairs to ‘‘take appropriate ac-tion’’ against the company. Bombs away. 
I wish to point out that recently Sen-
ator A LEXANDER , the chairman of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.042 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7572 October 28, 2015 
HELP Committee, Senator F LAKE , and 
I wrote a letter to Secretary Carter. I will quote from it: 
We strongly believe that these earned ben-
efits and educational opportunities for our servicemembers should not be jeopardized because of political or ideological opinions of some Members of Congress regarding the types of institutions that provide postsec-ondary education to our troops. . . . How-ever, it is our understanding that Ms. Bilodeau’s decision— 
She is the person who is the DOD’s 
voluntary education partnership head— 
and threats of termination of participation 
in the TA program rely on overly technical violations of the MOU. 
What we are saying is we want due 
process, and these questions that have been asked—we hope we can get an an-swer sooner rather than later. 
Because Senator D
URBIN wrote also 
to other agencies of government, we are also writing to them. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
letter to the Secretary of Defense from Senator A
LEXANDER , Senator F LAKE , 
and me. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hon. A SHTON CARTER , 
Secretary, Department of Defense, Defense Pentagon, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSECRETARY CARTER : We write to ask 
that you review an October 7, 2015, decision by Ms. Dawn Bilodeau, Chief of Voluntary Education for the Department of Defense (‘‘DoD’’), to place the University of Phoenix (‘‘the University’’) on probationary and po-tential termination status with respect to its participation in the DoD Tuition Assist-ance (TA) Program for active duty military personnel. We strongly support efforts to monitor the integrity of colleges and univer-sities serving our nation’s servicemembers. However, based on our review of the relevant documents associated with this decision, we are concerned that the DoD’s decision is un-fair, requires additional review, and may warrant reconsideration. 
The TA program is an important benefit 
that enables active duty military personnel to choose a postsecondary education pro-gram that best fits their needs to enhance both career and personal goals. The program also serves as an important tool for the DoD to further the recruitment and retention ef-forts of our nation’s volunteer armed forces. We strongly believe that these earned bene-fits and educational opportunities for our servicemembers should not be jeopardized because of political or ideological opinions of some Members of Congress regarding the types of institutions that provide postsec-ondary education to our troops. 
As you know, the University of Phoenix 
participates in the TA program through the DoD’s Voluntary Education Partnership Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), which conveys the commitments and agree-ments between colleges and universities and DoD and ensures that the TA funds are spent wisely to support servicemembers attending quality educational programs. However, it is our understanding that Ms. Bilodeau’s deci-sion and threats of termination of participa-tion in the TA program rely on overly tech-nical violations of the MOU, fail to acknowl-edge any of the University’s corrective ac-tion or pledged cooperation and are based, in 
part, on unsubstantiated allegations associ-ated with inquiries not initiated by the DoD. 
With respect to the University’s violation 
of DoD policies on the use of official seals or other trademark insignia with ‘‘challenge coins,’’ Ms. Bilodeau’s letter concedes that ‘‘the University of Phoenix has responded to infractions with appropriate corrective action 
at this time .’’ While the University has rem-
edied this infraction, we are concerned that traditional public or private, non-profit uni-versities, including Southern Illinois Univer-sity, utilize similar challenge coins with im-punity. (See attached photographs.) We re-main skeptical that the DoD is evenly and uniformly enforcing its policies on all insti-tutions of higher education and appears to be unfairly singling out certain institutions of higher education based on a letter from the Vice Chairman of the Defense Subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee. (See Letter to Secretary of Defense, June 30, 2015, attached.) It has also come to our at-tention that on the evening of October 20th, DoD issued additional new guidance on the use of these coins clearly indicating that the regulatory field remained vague and was not settled. 
With respect to the University’s apparent 
failure to obtain specific approval for con-
ducting partnership activities at several military installations, it is our under-standing that the University obtained ap-proval from the respective base leadership to sponsor, sometimes at their request, partner-ship events. While the University may have technically violated the MOU’s requirement that the University coordinate with the Edu-cation Services Officer, those who have served in the military readily understand and respect the chain of command. Approval from the base leadership should be sufficient to meet the requirements of the MOU regard-less of the Education Services Officer’s in-volvement and, should not be cited as a basis for probation and possible termination. 
More concerning, however, is Ms. 
Bilodeau’s rationale to suspend participation in the TA program based on requests for Uni-versity documents by two government agen-cies that are not in fact the DoD. It is worth noting that a request of documents does not indicate a violation or admittance of guilt. In fact, Ms. Bilodeau appears to agree, indi-cating that the allegations by other entities have not yet been substantiated. However, without fair warning or a sufficient oppor-tunity to be heard, the DoD informed the University of Phoenix that, among other things, ‘‘no new or transfer students at your institution will be permitted to receive DoD [tuition assistance]’’ and it is actively con-sidering terminating its MOU with the Uni-versity. Ms. Bilodeau’s decision to give the University fourteen (14) days to respond to the probation decision effectively puts the University in the position of having to re-spond to reviews undertaken by agencies other than the DoD. These actions seemingly assume the guilt of the University before they are proven and ignore the remedied in-fractions identified by and directly within the jurisdiction of the DoD. 
The University of Phoenix has a long his-
tory of serving working adults and others for whom traditional university schooling is un-available, including more than 200,000 en-rolled civilian and military students spread out across more than 100 locations in 17 states. With almost 20,000 faculty and 8,800 staff in every state and the territories as well as just over 1,400 faculty and 6,300 staff in Arizona alone, the University of Phoenix is a significant member of the Arizona and broader higher education community. Like any organization that chooses to partner with the DoD to serve our servicemembers, the University has a legitimate expectation 
to be dealt with fairly and reasonably. Given our aforementioned concerns, we believe that the DoD’s decision should be evaluated for considerations of fairness and coopera-tion and ask that you independently and carefully review this bold decision. 
To help us obtain a better understanding of 
the DoD’s actions in this matter, and to help ensure that all institutions of higher edu-cation—for-profit, public and private, non- profit colleges and universities—are held to the same standard of conduct relative to DoD rules and regulations, we ask that you provide us with the following information by October 30th before you take any additional action on this matter: 
1) What are the specific, factual, and evi-
dentiary bases for the DoD’s recent decision to place the University of Phoenix on proba-tionary status? 
2) Did anyone besides Ms. Bilodeau review 
this decision? Please provide any internal decision memorandum that reflects that de-cision when it was originally made. 
3) Please describe why the DoD official 
who reviewed the decision believes he/she can place the University on probation when, as Ms. Bilodeau stipulates in her October 7th letter, the University has already remedied identified infractions of the MOU? 
4) Please provide all documents, including 
communications from Members of Congress, or their staff, and any outside party regard-ing the University of Phoenix and this mat-ter. Also, provide the guidelines relating to the establishment of a probation sanction or imposition of probationary status against the University of Phoenix. 
5) Please provide a list of all institutions 
of higher education participating in the DoD’s Voluntary Education Partnership and/ or Tuition Assistance programs that have been placed on probationary status in con-nection with a violation of their MOU; the reasons each of those schools were placed on probationary status; and whether each such school was given opportunity to make cor-rective actions before being placed on proba-tionary status. 
6) Please provide a list of those schools 
where the DoD MOU was terminated and the reasons for such termination. 
7) Is it the DoD’s practice to place both 
for-profit and not-for profit universities on probation when another federal or state agency makes a civil investigative demand for documents? If so, please identify other instances where this has taken place and the reasons for taking such action. 
8) Please list those schools that currently 
use or previously used challenge coins with DoD official seals or other trademark insig-nia; indicate whether such schools obtained prior DoD authorization for such use; de-scribe any sanctions imposed for such use; and provide any documents or correspond-ence relating to such use or sanction deter-mination. 
9) Please describe the military chain of 
command as it relates to the MOU and a de-cision by the base leadership to permit an in-stitution to sponsor an event on base. 
10) If this probationary period is extended 
or the MOU with the University of Phoenix is terminated, how many active duty mili-tary personnel do you estimate will be im-pacted by this decision? 
The TA program is critical to our nation’s 
servicemembers’ educational and career op-portunities, primarily to prepare them to serve in positions of increased responsibility within the military, but also to prepare them to transition to productive civilian ca-reers. While we support efforts to root out waste, fraud, and abuse, we hope that you will review this situation with great caution and care. The Senate Committee on Health, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.044 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7573 October 28, 2015 
Education, Labor and Pensions is addition-
ally in the process of reauthorizing the High-er Education Act and exploring ways to en-sure quality at all of our colleges and univer-sities is of utmost importance and concern. 
We look forward to your timely response 
and should you have additional questions, please feel free to ask your staff to contact our Chiefs of Staff Pablo E. Carrillo (Senator McCain), at (202) 224–7123; Chandler Morse (Senator Flake), at (202) 224–4521; and David Cleary (Senator Alexander) at (202) 224–8798. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNMCCAIN, 
U.S. Senator. 
JEFFFLAKE , 
U.S. Senator. 
LAMAR ALEXANDER , 
U.S. Senator. 
Mr. M CCAIN. We sent these letters to 
the Veterans’ Administration and to the Department of Education request-ing that they notify us if further ac-tion is taken against the university. We sent these letters because we feel that the Department of Defense’s deci-sion and threats of termination of par-ticipation by the University of Phoenix in this program were done simply be-cause the Senator from Illinois sent a letter to the Department of Defense highlighting an outside investigative report—an outside investigative re-port—suggesting wrongdoing on the part of the University of Phoenix. 
Let’s be clear again. There was no 
due process here. That is what I want— due process. If the University of Phoe-nix is guilty of some wrongdoing, I want to be one of the first to make sure the proper penalties are enacted. I do not—I repeat—I do not believe that on the basis of a single investigative report, that action should be taken. 
With this in mind, I was stunned to 
hear once again that the Senator from Illinois is insisting that the DOD not reverse its decision. Given his own in-volvement in the matter, his sugges-tion that the DOD not reverse its deci-sion just because Members of this body conveyed concern about the merits of its probationary decision and the fun-damentally unfair way that the DOD made it is, in fact, ridiculous. 
The whole matter arose from the 
Senator from Illinois pressuring the DOD to take adverse action against the university. His case was based not on an affirmative finding by the Depart-ment that the university engaged in any newly identified acts of substantial misconduct but a report by an outside investigative group. He then sent let-ters to the Department of Education and Department of Veterans Affairs asking for similar action. 
After further review of the DOD’s de-
cision, it is my opinion that, No. 1, it relies on overly technical violations of a memorandum of understanding that the university signed with the Depart-ment of Defense regarding its partici-pation in the Tuition Assistance Pro-gram; No. 2, it fails to reflect the ac-tions the university has taken to cor-rect and identify violations; and No. 3, it is based in part on unsubstantiated allegations associated with inquiries for information by other agencies, not findings of new violations. In other words, with our letter, we 
asked Secretary Carter to review a lower level decision to put the univer-sity on probation where even the DOD conceded, in its very letter to the uni-versity announcing its decision, that ‘‘the University of Phoenix has re-sponded to infractions with appropriate corrective action at this time.’’ 
With respect to the university’s pro-
posed violations of DOD policies on the use of official seals or other trademark insignia with ‘‘challenge coins,’’ we un-derstand the university has remedied this infraction. But it is worth noting that traditional public or nonprofit universities, including Southern Illi-nois University, utilize similar chal-lenge coins with impunity. I remain skeptical that the DOD is evenly and uniformly enforcing its policies on all institutions of higher education and appears to be unfairly singling out cer-tain institutions of higher education based on a letter from the Senator from Illinois. 
With respect to the university’s ap-
parent failure to obtain specific ap-proval for conducting partnership ac-tivities at several military installa-tions, it is our understanding that the university obtained approval from the respective base leadership to sponsor, sometimes at their request, partner-ship events. While the university may have technically violated the MOU’s requirement that the university co-ordinate with the education services officer, those who have served in the military readily understand and re-spect the chain of command. Approval from the base leadership should be suf-ficient to meet the requirements of the MOU regardless of the education serv-ice officer’s involvement. 
By the way, the education service of-
ficer did not turn this down; they just were not consulted. 
In the absence of significant, sub-
stantiated findings regarding new, un-corrected violations, the Department of Defense decided to suspend the uni-versity from participating in the Tui-tion Assistance Program based on doc-ument requests by two government agencies that are not, in fact, the De-partment of Defense and does not indi-cate a violation or admittance of guilt. 
We call on our service men and 
women to serve and protect our inter-ests, often at great cost to themselves and their families. Yet the Senator from Illinois suggests that they are not capable of choosing their own path when determining their postsecondary educational needs. 
By the way, on a technical violation 
of the budget agreement, the Senator from Illinois was one of the leaders in voting against the Defense authoriza-tion bill, which was the result of many years of work. 
In all cases, opinions should abso-
lutely not be used to essentially target a valued member of Arizona’s edu-cation community. The University of Phoenix has a long history of serving nontraditional students, such as Ac-tive-Duty military and others who tend 
to delay enrollment after high school, work full time, have dependents, or are single parents for whom traditional university schooling is unavailable. The University of Phoenix has grad-uated more than 80,000 military and veteran students with postsecondary degrees. 
A recent Wall Street Journal article 
I quoted—and contrary to the pref-erence of this administration, and for the sake of our servicemembers who earned and rely on this educational benefit, I promise I will not let this issue go. 
The State of Arizona is proud to have 
the University of Phoenix as a member of its higher education community. 
As the questions that I posted in this 
letter show, I will continue to look into this action based on the merits of DOD’s decision, not ideological grandstanding. 
Recently, as a result of this, I re-
ceived letters from three students who recently graduated from the University of Phoenix. 
Andrew Workman of North Carolina 
said: 
University of Phoenix allowed me to work 
50 hours a week and pursue my degree at the same time. 
Ryan Zulkoski of Nebraska received 
his master’s in nursing informatics in 2013. He said: 
I loved my experience and UOPX has 
opened so many doors for me. 
Jim Wallace of Florida said: 
I am a UOPX graduate, MBA 2006 and vet-
eran of the US Navy Reserve. In my opinion UOPX led the way in educating working pro-fessionals. At the time I started my pro-gram, no other institutions offered the abil-ity for me to successfully complete my stud-ies, care for my family and work a demand-ing job. The bottom line is that it was chal-lenging and I worked hard to complete my degree. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have these comments by grad-uates printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Andrew Workman (North Carolina) joined 
the United States Navy in 2006. After serving 4 years on active duty he is transitioned into the United States Navy Reserve in which he continues to serve not only his country but his fellow Sailors through the Hire Heroes USA organization. ‘‘University of Phoenix allowed me to work 50 hours a week and pur-sue my degree at the same time.’’ Andrew at-tended a ground campus and found the class-es to be diverse and challenging. ‘‘The team projects and presentations helped build my confidence and laid a foundation for me to be successful in the workplace. You have to work with people from all walks of life in the real-world and University of Phoenix built that into their curriculum.’’ 
Ryan Zulkoski (Nebraska) received his 
Master’s in Nursing Informatics in 2013. Ryan has been in the Army National Guard for 12 years and served one deployment to Iraq in 2005 and has many other accomplish-ments and memberships, including a human-itarian deployment to Nicaragua and partici-pation in Army Honor Guard. He used every last benefit to receive his bachelor’s in nurs-ing from University of Nebraska and his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.011 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7574 October 28, 2015 
master’s degree with UOPX. ‘‘UOPX has 
helped me build an educational foundation to work in a field that I am extremely pas-sionate about.’’ Ryan found the quality of the program to be on par with his under-graduate from University of Nebraska. ‘‘I graduated from UOPX in 2013 and have dou-bled my salary as a Nurse in less than 2 years. I also have 4 children and a wife, so attending a traditional onsite program was impossible. I loved my experience and UOPX has opened so many doors for me.’’ 
Jim Wallace (Florida)—‘‘I am a UOPX 
graduate, MBA 2006 and veteran of the US Navy Reserve. In my opinion UOPX led the way in educating working professionals. At the time I started my program, no other in-stitutions offered the ability for me to suc-cessfully complete my studies, care for my family and work a demanding job. The bot-tom line is that it was challenging and I worked hard to complete my degree.’’ 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, again, I 
can only point out what the Wall Street Journal said. This is Obama’s for-profit stealth attack. It is being or-chestrated and carried out by the Sen-ator from Illinois, who has a well- known record of not supporting the 
men and women who are serving in the military by his latest opposing of the Defense authorization bill on the grounds of OCO. So the men and women who are serving in the military and those who have served with honor obviously have a lower priority for him than his vendetta against for-profit universities. I think it is shameful. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader is recognized. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—H.R. 3819 AND EXECUTIVE CALENDAR NO. 356 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Senate is about to pass a short-term highway extension. This 3-week exten-sion will allow the House and Senate to go to conference on our bipartisan bill and allow that to be signed into law by November 20. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of H.R. 3819; that the bill be read a third time and the Senate proceed to vote on passage of the bill with no intervening action or debate; that upon disposition of H.R. 3819, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 356; that the Senate vote on the nomina-tion without intervening action or de-bate; that following disposition of the nomination, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the 
President be immediately notified of the President’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from California. Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I reserve 
the right to object because I want to make a suggestion. I ask consent that we modify this 
matter so that we can pass an amend-ment to extend the PTC deadline—the deadline for positive train control—to make it a 1-year extension to Decem-ber 31, 2016, and that that be agreed to. Right now, it is 3 years with a 2-year possible extension beyond that. I ask that it be changed to 1 year, and that following the use or yielding back of time, the Senate then proceed to a vote on passage of the bill with my amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, I would state to my colleague from California that this is the practice she and I so often lament when it comes to highway bills, and that is kicking the can down the road. We know full well that a year from now, we will be back here doing this again. 
This language, which is agreed upon 
by both the House and the Senate— Democrats and Republicans of the rel-evant committees worked very hard to draft consensus language. That is what we have arrived at today. We believe it addresses the situation and provides the correct solution. I think it would be a big mistake to try to modify something that people have worked so hard to get to, knowing full well we will never get what the Senator from California wants to do passed through the House or the Senate. 
The House acted yesterday, and acted 
unanimously. Very rarely do you get a voice vote out of the House of Rep-resentatives. Democrats and Repub-licans in the House came together be-hind a solution that is incorporated into this base bill. 
With that, I object to the request of 
the Senator from California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I just 
want to say to my friend I am not sur-prised, but I am still quite disappointed because I think it is horrible precedent to take a provision out of an under-lying bill that we have all worked so hard on and attach it—a 3-year provi-sion, a 3-to-5-year provision, a delay in this safety measure—on a 3-week ex-tension. 
Why didn’t my friend pull out some 
of the good things in there for safety, such as the House rental bill, which says you can’t lease a car that has been under recall? He didn’t do that. I am not blaming him at all. I know it was a process. I know that. We didn’t pull out the increased fines on NHTSA for car manufacturers who kill people be-cause of their negligence. 
I feel it is a terrible precedent, but I 
will not object, and I am going to ex-plain that later. Having withdrawn my objection, I would ask that I may have the floor for 15 minutes immediately following the vote, if that is possible, and I would give 5 minutes of that timeframe to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the majority leader’s original request? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request of the Senator from California? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report H.R. 3819 by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 3819) to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The bill was ordered to a third read-
ing and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 3819) was passed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Sarah Elizabeth Feinberg, of West Virginia, to be Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Feinberg nomination? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask 
the R ECORD to reflect that had the Sen-
ate’s vote on H.R. 3819 been a recorded vote, I would have voted no. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I know 
Senator C OLLINS would like to speak, 
so the way I would recommend we go is 5 minutes to Senator M
ANCHIN , 15 min-
utes for me, and how many minutes for the Senator from Maine? 
Ms. COLLINS. I thank the Senator 
from California. This is not going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:54 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.006 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7575 October 28, 2015 
work for me, so I am going to return to 
my office. I understand this was unan-ticipated, and that is the way it goes sometimes. 
Mrs. BOXER. I am so sorry. This has 
been a contentious matter. 
So I would say to Senator M
ANCHIN , 
if you want to go first, then I will fol-low, and I am sure Senator T
HUNE will 
have comments. 
Mr. THUNE. I will request, through 
the Chair, if the Senator from Maine is not going to speak, that I be allowed to speak at the conclusion of the remarks of the Senator from California and the Senator from West Virginia. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from California. 
f 
FEINBERG CONFIRMATION 
Mr. MANCHIN. I come to the floor to 
speak on behalf of the Acting Adminis-trator of the Federal Railroad Admin-istration, who is no longer acting but now our Administrator and my friend, Sarah Feinberg. 
As a native West Virginian, she has 
the same pragmatic approach to prob-lem solving that we see among our con-gressional delegation every day. When 
it comes to politics in West Virginia, it really doesn’t matter whether you are a Democrat or a Republican. What matters is if you can get the job done. 
During my time in the State legisla-
ture, Sarah’s father, Lee Feinberg, and I served together. At that time Lee was head of the West Virginia Govern-mental Ethics Commission, and he in-stilled in her the same sense of moral responsibility that also led him into public service. Today she sits before the Senate, seeking to continue in pub-lic service as the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, and I am so pleased this has happened. 
Over the past 9 months, I believe she 
has proved herself to be an effective and engaged leader with the courage to make tough decisions and the char-acter to accept the criticism they often incite. She was baptized by fire after being appointed to this position on January 9 of this year and leading the agency’s response to five major inci-dents within her first 60 days at the helm. 
On February 3, six people were killed 
when a commuter train hit an SUV at a grade crossing in Valhalla, NY. On February 4, 14 tank cars carrying eth-anol derailed just north of Dubuque, IA. Three of them caught fire. On Feb-ruary 16, 27 tank cars derailed outside Mount Carbon, WV, releasing 378,000 gallons of crude oil and igniting a fire that destroyed a nearby house. On Feb-ruary 24, a commuter train in Oxnard, CA, hit a tractor-trailer at a grade crossing and jumped the tracks. On March 6, 21 cars derailed outside of Ga-lena, IL, near the border with Wis-consin, and five of them caught fire. 
I am a firm believer that elected offi-
cials need to be on the ground in emer-gency situations, supporting first re-
sponders and assisting those in need, and I was impressed by Ms. Feinberg’s response to the Mount Carbon derail-ment in West Virginia, which I wit-nessed firsthand. Five weeks into her new job, she executed an efficient and effective Federal response that was one of the best I have ever seen in my expe-rience as an elected official and a pub-lic servant. 
There are a lot of smart policy people 
here in Washington, DC, but the best policy in the world will not mean a thing if it doesn’t translate into any-thing in the real word. Sarah’s re-sponse to the Mount Carbon accident showed me that she understood that, and that gave me faith in her ability not just to lead but to listen to the people we are here to serve. 
Over the past 10 years, the increase 
in domestic energy production has been an engine of economic growth. The En-ergy Information Administration pre-dicts that growth will continue through 2020. From 2009 until 2014, crude oil production in the United States increased by more than 62 per-cent—up from 5.35 million barrels per day in 2009 to 8.68 million barrels a day in 2014—and the majority of this prod-uct is moving by rail. 
In 2008, our railroads moved a meager 
a 9,500 tank cars carrying crude oil. Last year, that number grew to 500,000 tank cars—a 5,000-percent increase. That is unbelievable. 
Unprecedented new challenges come 
along with the new economic opportu-nities presented by the growth in do-mestic energy production, and Ms. Feinberg’s experience makes her uniquely qualified to lead the FRA through this transition. As Chief of Staff to Secretary Foxx, she helped the Department of Transportation develop a holistic strategy to improve the safe-ty and security of crude by rail that re-quired coordination between multiple administrations within the Depart-ment. 
The tough new tank car safety regu-
lations that were finalized in May were dependent on close collaboration be-tween the FRA and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Adminis-tration. Sarah’s experience in the Sec-retary’s office and her existing rela-tionships throughout the Department allow her to cut through redtape and get the right people in the room to get the job done. 
While the new rules do not solve 
every problem, they represent a major step in the right direction. They sat-isfy all or part of 10 outstanding Na-tional Transportation Safety Board recommendations, including all 4 rec-ommendations that were made in April of this year. 
Since taking the helm at the FRA 
earlier this year, I have been very much impressed with Ms. Feinberg’s willingness to tackle difficult issues and engage stakeholders about real-istic solutions. In May, she convened a positive train control task force to try to identify opportunities for the FRA 
to help railroads meet their 2015 dead-line and become a real part in this process. I think her proactive approach to problem-solving will be an asset to the FRA and the entire Department of Transportation. 
I thank Chairman T
HUNE and Rank-
ing Member N ELSON for moving her 
nomination through the committee yesterday on a strong bipartisan vote of 19 to 1. I want to thank all my col-leagues for not only nominating Sarah but confirming her today. I think she will be a great asset to our country and do us all proud. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I will 
take my time now. I know my friend wanted to have a little time, so I will yield to Senator I
NHOFE . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION 
AUTHORIZATION 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of 
all, I know the Senator from California was disappointed in a few things that went on procedurally, and I am very much in sympathy. But far more sig-nificant than that is the bill we are talking about now. We made a tremen-dous advance to it just a few minutes ago. We did what the House has already done. We are now extended to the 20th of November. 
It is my understanding that the 
House is going to be taking up—we are talking about the highway bill. A lot of things we talk about around here are not very important. We all have dif-ferent ideas about what is and is not important, but still we have that Con-stitution, and the Constitution says what we are supposed to be doing. What we are supposed to be doing here is defending America and roads and bridges. That is what we are supposed to be doing. 
Senator B
OXER and I—she is a very 
proud liberal and I am a very proud conservative—have recognized what our duty is when we come here, and the second most important bill every year—not every year, because we have the Defense authorization bill every year, but not the Transportation au-thorization bill. That is what is impor-tant, and that is what we are supposed to be doing here. 
What we did a few minutes ago is 
very significant. We are on the same page as the House, and that is to have a bill done and on the President’s desk by the 20th of November, which is going to be right before we have a break for Thanksgiving. It now looks like we are assured of doing that. 
I have to say that in working over 
the years with Senator B
OXER , we have 
worked in a capacity in which she was the chairman of that committee and I was the ranking member; then I was the chairman of the committee and she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.059 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7576 October 28, 2015 
was the ranking member. We never 
changed what we stood for or what we saw as significant in the second most important bill we deal with every year. 
I am anticipating we are going to be 
able to have this 6-year authorization bill on the floor next week. We are going to be dealing with it, and we are going to be passing it. We already know the number of people who have voted for it in the past, so we know where we are. On the other hand, I think this is going to have a privileged motion and go straight in for a con-ference. I look forward to that, and that makes it all possible. 
You have to keep in mind the Senate 
isn’t doing this. The House is going on a Veterans Day recess, so we have to work on getting their job done before the recess so we can do ours while they are on recess, and then we will have a happy ending. 
While I do regret there are some dis-
appointments, I have to say this. When we are talking about a bill like this, it means that the left and the right have to get together, and we did. I want to applaud my ranking member, Senator B
OXER , for helping us in some of the 
areas where we are able to shortcut some of the NEPA requirements and expedite some things that couldn’t be done otherwise. 
Let’s keep in mind that if we went 
ahead and did what we have been doing since 2009, we wouldn’t be doing this. We wouldn’t be doing any major bills— no bridges, no major bills. This is a great day to see the assurance that this is going to take place, and I applaud Senator B
OXER in the joint effort we 
had on the left and the right in this body. We don’t see that very often. 
Mrs. BOXER. No, we don’t. Mr. President, I just want to thank 
my friend. It is such a privilege to work with him on these infrastructure issues. I often say we don’t work too well together on environmental issues—maybe in another life we might—but right now, in this life, we work really well on infrastructure. So does our staff. I am proud of them. 
I came down here to try and change 
a part of this extension—and I will ex-plain it later—that had to do with de-laying a safety requirement on the railroad. I feel strongly in my heart about it. By the same token, I agree with my friend that we have to get this bill done. 
This will be a 6-year authorization, 
as my friend knows. He insisted on it. We have 3 years of pay-for. We never give up. Maybe somehow a miracle will happen and we will find more. But right now, Senator M
CCONNELL pro-
tected our pay-fors. 
For me, it is a strange day. I am very 
disappointed in this. I call it a rider that was put on this bill. But I am very pleased that the House is moving for-ward. My friend cited things that he likes—certainly, expediting some of the rules so we don’t get these projects dragged out. My sense of it was that I like the fact that we kept the equitable share. We didn’t change the share be-
tween transit and roads. We certainly added, with my friend’s help, a freight title. So there are many good things. It is a mixed bag for me today. I agree with my friend that we need to move fast on the underlying bill, and I look forward to going to conference. 
Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield 
for one observation? 
Mrs. BOXER. Of course. Mr. INHOFE. The Senator mentioned 
the fact that we have a 6-year bill and 3 years to pay for it. That doesn’t real-ly concern me for a couple of reasons. 
One is that once we start projects, I 
can assure you that there will be a re-shuffling of priorities in this Chamber here, where people will realize the one thing we don’t want to do is to start construction on something and then stop. This, I have no question in my mind, is going to take place. 
Secondly, we have the same provision 
in the House as we do in this body, and that is that if for some reason money is not available, nothing else can be done after that 3-year period. We are not going to let that happen. So I think we are going to be in good shape. Job well done. 
Mrs. BOXER. I thank the Senator. How much time remains of my 15 
minutes? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ten min-
utes. 
Mrs. BOXER. Since I did yield about 
5 minutes to my friend, I ask unani-mous consent for another 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Then, of course, Sen-
ator T
HUNE will have all the time that 
he wants to disagree with most of what I am going to say about positive train control. That is part of the debate that goes on here. 
f 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I do 
want to thank Senator T HUNE , Senator 
NELSON , Senator I NHOFE , and others 
who did something good today, which is to allow us to vote to make sure that we have the head of the Federal Rail-road Administration. Finally, after 8 months, Sarah Feinberg got a vote. It is very important. I am glad all this wrangling that we had back and forth led to that happy situation because we need her in place. Frankly, we need her in place to oversee this positive train control. 
I want to quote what she stated. She 
stated that worries of a train exploding in the middle of a city have caused her sleepless nights. This is an Adminis-trator who cares deeply about her role in safety. 
There was an article written by 
someone today that said I stood alone in my opposition to moving forward with a 3- to 5-year extension and tak-ing that extension out of the under-lying bill and tacking it on to a 3-week highway bill extension. I want to point out that I did not stand alone and I do not stand alone. Senator B
LUMENTHAL  
is hoping to come here later and make his remarks about the fact that he op-posed this. I speak here for Senator F
EINSTEIN , my great colleague—my 
senior colleague—who actually wrote the original legislation because these crashes were occurring. And I want to read a little bit from Senator G
ILLI-
BRAND , who is on a train headed to a fu-
neral for a firefighter in New York. This is her statement: 
After so many preventable railway trage-
dies that have led to loss of life, it is an in-sult to the families who have lost loved ones to let the rail lobby slip a multi-year Posi-tive Train Control delay into a three-week extension. The rail industry has purposefully dragged its feet in meeting its safety re-quirements, and now Congress is quietly aid-ing them further. It is without debate that Positive Train Control saves lives. The rail-roads must work as quickly as possible to implement this life-saving technology, so that the millions of Americans who com-mute by rail every day can do so safely—and Congress needs to do its job and hold the rail industry accountable. 
As I said when Senator M CCONNELL  
offered the unanimous consent request, I think it is a terrible precedent to place a major safety rollback—I would not call it a repeal; I would say roll-back—on a 3-week extension of the highway trust fund. It just isn’t right. I am very grateful to the Washington Post for writing a very strong state-ment—I would say article—about what happens when you don’t have positive train control on a train. Positive train control is technology that allows the train to slowly come to a stop if there is a real problem, such as another train crossing or a car. 
It was in 2008 when we really moved 
on positive train control. A horrific ac-cident occurred in Chatsworth, CA, where a Metrolink passenger train and 
a Union Pacific freight train collided. It was due to a distracted engineer. This preventable accident resulted in the deaths of 25 people and injury to 135 others. 
Friends, we are not talking about 
some scientific experiment here. We are talking about real life, where trains collide, where real people die and get hurt. I have met some of the families. 
Afterwards, Senator F
EINSTEIN and I 
got together. She was great, and it was great to work with her. We passed the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008, mandating the installation of positive train control on major passenger com-muter and freight rail lines by the end of this year, 2015. 
Again, I speak for her in my remarks. 
She is distressed that the 2015 deadline would be extended as much as it was without a chance to really look at the details in the conference, which we hope to have soon. 
For more than 45 years—45 years— 
the National Transportation Safety Board, or NTSB, has advocated PTC technology. This isn’t something new. But it wasn’t until 2008 that Senator F
EINSTEIN and I got the legislation 
done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.050 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7577 October 28, 2015 
Let me say this. NTSB is amazing. 
They are the ones who show up after horrible crashes of rail, of plane, and they are the ones who make really im-portant safety recommendations. Well, actually, they work with the FAA. So they are the ones who come forward after an accident. They do the inves-tigation, and they make the rec-ommendations. 
Now, this is what they said: If we had 
put PTC in all those years ago, 146 ac-cidents or derailments could have been avoided with implementation of the PTC, and at least 300 fatalities and 700 injuries could have been prevented. Since the California accident, 14 PTC- preventable accidents or derailments have occurred. 
So let’s be clear. People are dying 
and they are being injured because we don’t have positive train control. 
Now, the good news—the great news 
for my State—is that Metrolink and Caltrain already have put PTC on. Am-trak has put it on certain of their runs. So it is happening. But some of the railroads are dragging their feet. They have every excuse in the book. Some of the reasons, I think, do need our atten-tion. 
For example, there are problems with 
spectrum, and there are problems with rights-of-way. We can work on that. But as Senator B
LUMENTHAL said, in-
stead of giving these 3-year delays, there need to be what he calls metrics so we can ascertain, before they get all this time, what they are doing. Are we going to be faced here in this body in years to come with more requests for delay? Well, if we are not really look-ing over the shoulder of the railroads, the answer is, clearly, yes. They don’t want to save the money. And, by the way, the cost-benefit ratio on this is overwhelming. It is overwhelming. 
I said before, rhetorically, that it is 
very interesting that the only piece of freestanding legislation that was pulled out of the bill and placed on this 3-week extension was this delay in positive train control safety—nothing else, nothing else. This was cherry- picked—nothing else. 
I have worked with several Senators 
because one of my constituents, Cally Houck, lost two daughters who rented a car to go on vacation. They were in their twenties. The car was under re-call, but the agency rented it to them anyway. It exploded. They died. Mrs. Houck couldn’t believe we didn’t have a law that said you can’t rent a car that is under recall. I bet, if I asked anybody—any stranger to me—if they think they are allowed to rent a car that is under recall, they would say: Of course not. Well, you can. I have fought for years, and I have gotten help from Senator S
CHUMER , and Senator 
MCCASKILL actually got the bill passed. 
I am very grateful to her. That is in the underlying bill. Why didn’t we take that out and put it on immediately so this can go into effect immediately? 
I think the Washington Post gave us 
what they think. They wrote a story— a very important story—in the front 
page yesterday or the day before, Mon-day. I want to just say we all know that there are special interests here. By the way, I like to work with the railroads because they do a lot of good things. They are very powerful, they are very strong, and they have a very powerful lobby. It is not a Republican lobby or a Democratic lobby. It is a lobby that covers everybody. 
Let me quote what the Washington 
Post article notes: 
Rail safety has never been a more pressing 
issue than it is today. So far, the people who have died in U.S. accidents that PTC could have prevented have generally been crew members or passengers. That could change in dramatic, catastrophic fashion. 
The number of rail tank cars carrying 
flammable material in the United States has grown from 9,500 seven years ago to 493,126 last year. 
Let me say that again: 
The number of rail tank cars carrying 
flammable material in the United States has grown from 9,500 seven years ago to 493,126 last year. 
Now, just imagine what happens 
when this flammable material is in-volved in a collision. We know. We have seen the balls of toxic fire. Seven trains have derailed this year alone, and their contents exploded. 
Now, I understand the pleas for 
delay. That is why I offered a 1-year delay to my friend, the chairman of the commerce committee. I offered him a 1-year delay. Nobody can tell me that a 1-year delay wouldn’t work for now. We can look at it in the conference. If we need to extend it, that is fine. No, we weren’t able to get it. To me, the only answer that keeps coming back is spe-cial interests earmark provision—spe-cial interests earmark provision—be-cause it is the only provision that ben-efits one special interest that was put on this 3-week extension. 
Some people say: Why do you care so 
much? The House voted by voice vote. Do you know what? They were wrong. They shouldn’t have. They shouldn’t have put it on this bill. This was put on by the House, and it was wrong, wrong, wrong. 
Now, when I spoke with my chair-
man—my really good friend, Senator I
NHOFE —on the floor, I did say I am so 
pleased at the way we are moving in terms of the underlying bill. I believe we will have that bill, and I believe we will have that bill next week. Then why on earth did we have to take this out? If we are moving this bill forward, we didn’t have to pluck out one of the provisions. I just don’t understand it, other than what the Washington Post wrote in their story. 
I have to say that there are 60,000- 
plus bridges that are deficient—struc-turally deficient. They are in the Pre-siding Officer’s State, and they are in my State. Why didn’t they pull out a couple of worst bridges and say ‘‘fix those bridges’’? All they did was pull out a provision that the railroads wanted—not a provision that com-muters want, not a safety provision that will save lives. It is very discour-
aging. 
We all know about the Amtrak crash. 
I am going to show you a picture of that. It was splayed all across the paper. This is a photo of a destroyed Amtrak train in Philadelphia. We all know the disaster that occurred there. This could have been prevented. As a matter of fact, if I remember right, they were about to put positive train control on this stretch. They were get-ting ready to do it. Look at this—the suffering and the deaths, needless. If there was positive train control and if another train was coming, simply slow down that train and automatically avoid such a disaster as this. 
I am passionate about transpor-
tation. I am passionate about safety. I know my colleagues are, but we had a very different view about this. I can only say if anything good came out of this, it was the fact that we now have an Administrator of the Federal Rail-road Administration. I think that was good because I feel better now knowing that someone who really cares about this now has officially been given the power to assert her authority. 
I look forward to working with Sen-
ator T
HUNE as we move the underlying 
bill through. He knows how I feel. I want to thank him because he waited around until we had reached an agree-ment. I appreciate that because other-wise we could have had a complete shutdown of the entire highway pro-gram. We averted that because, with respect for our differences, we worked together all day and have the Adminis-trator in place. 
I thank Senator N
ELSON and his staff 
as well as Senator T HUNE ’s staff. For 
me, having that done is something that means a lot and means a lot for safety across the board. I hope we will not be doing this in the future. I hope regular order will prevail. I hope we will not be pulling out important pieces of other bills and passing them as stand-alone bills when we are up against a deadline. I don’t think it is the right way to gov-ern. I don’t think it is good govern-ance. I think a lot of my colleagues feel the same way. 
This is behind us. Now we are going 
to work together. We are never going to take our eyes off this positive train control. We are going to make sure the railroads are stepping up, doing the right thing—and, by the way, some of them have. I told you two of my rail-roads have been fantastic. They put it all in place. They met the deadline. There are many others that are close to meeting the deadline, but there are too many that are hiding behind ex-cuses and some that have real reasons why they haven’t moved forward. I hope they are watching this today be-cause I am not going away. None of us are going away. We are going to be watching this carefully and making sure this deadline is really a deadline, not some kind of political cover so the railroads can get out of doing what they have to do to save lives. When we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.053 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7578 October 28, 2015 
take these jobs, that is our over-
whelming responsibility—to protect and defend our people, whether it is abroad or at home. 
I again thank my staff, Senator 
T
HUNE ’s staff, Senator N ELSON ’s staff, 
Senator B LUMENTHAL ’s staff, Senator 
FEINSTEIN ’s staff—I hope I am not leav-
ing anybody out—Senator G ILLI-
BRAND ’s staff, and Senator M URPHY ’s 
staff for getting us to a place where we are accepting this with a heavy heart. We are moving on. We are thankful we now do have in place an Adminis-trator—a wonderful, wonderful Admin-istrator of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from South Dakota. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the one 
thing the Senator from California and I share is a commitment, a longstanding commitment to getting a multiyear highway bill through here. I hope that is going to happen in the next few weeks. 
We did need to move on a positive 
train control extension, and I am going to get into the reasons for that in just a minute. I think probably the most important fact is, as we look at this particular issue, that nearly every rail-road in the country—including every major freight railroad—will not meet what is an unrealistic December 31, 2015, deadline for positive train control. 
Positive train control—or PTC— 
when working as intended, is a critical safety technology that will prevent certain types of rail accidents and save lives. We have the ability to make rail transportation even safer by ensuring full implementation of positive train control. 
As the chairman of the Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation Com-mittee, I can assure my colleagues that these disruptions would have caused cascading and devastating effects for nearly every sector of the economy and every region of the country. Railroads have already started notifying cus-tomers that they will stop accepting certain chemical shipments in late No-vember and early December to ensure that such cargoes are off their system when the existing deadline hits at the end of the year. 
As rail-dependent businesses and 
their customers prepare for the shut-down, they have already started to feel the negative supply chain effects on lo-gistics and inventory management. The House-passed short-term highway extension provided an option to avert this completely avoidable and unneces-sary harm. 
This is not just about the railroads— 
contrary to what has been said on the floor that somehow this is a special benefit that only helps railroads. It is about the farmers—many of whom I represent in South Dakota—who de-pend upon the railroad for fertilizer. It is about the manufacturers and other businesses that depend upon rail for critical inputs, and it is about water treatment facilities that depend on rail 
for chemicals to purify drinking water. It is about all the workers and the households that benefit from this safe mode of transportation. 
Rail-dependent commuters and cus-
tomers cannot afford a congressionally caused railroad shutdown. That is ex-actly what would happen if we failed to act. Each day well over 1 million riders in the United States board commuter railroads to get to and from their places of work. Over 2 million people work in industries that use hazardous chemicals hauled by rail, and the gross economic output of these industries alone is over $2 trillion. In fact, the ef-fects of a looming railroad shutdown would have occurred well in advance of the year-end deadline, which is where we are today. Over 130 farmers, manu-facturers, and retailers wrote to Con-gress last week, stating that ‘‘rail cus-tomers are already starting to feel the impact . . . [w]ith a shutdown just around the corner rail customers must start putting contingency plans into motion, including adjusting production schedules and workforce loads.’’ 
This isn’t just an economic issue. It 
has major implications for public health and safety. I mentioned earlier water treatment facilities across this country have urged a deadline exten-sion and wrote a joint letter to me reit-erating that point. I will quote from the letter, which is what they said: ‘‘Even a temporary interruption of water disinfection chemical deliveries could risk a public health disaster for communities across this country.’’ 
The U.S. Conference of Mayors also 
urged a deadline extension and wrote that switching from rail to other modes of transportation would lead to additional accidents in our Nation’s communities and greater exposure to the risks of hazardous materials. 
The Federal Railroad Administra-
tion’s Acting Administrator, whom we just made permanent Railroad Admin-istration Administrator, has the re-sponsibility for conducting oversight of our Nation’s rail network, and she ex-pressed concern at a September com-merce committee hearing. She said a rail shutdown would ‘‘lead to signifi-cant congestion and it does lead to safety impacts.’’ 
Keep in mind, total train accidents 
per year have decreased by nearly 50 percent since 2005. Rail is often the safest available way to haul many types of products, especially hazardous chemicals. It would take more than 600,000 trucks on our Nation’s roads to replace freight rail, let alone the addi-tional cars and buses needed to replace commuter rail. 
When Congress passed legislation in 
2008 mandating the implementation of positive train control, it never in-tended to punish rail customers or to harm the economy, but this law failed to properly consider the complexity and time involved in developing, mass producing, installing, and testing a new technology involving a complex network of new computers and commu-
nications equipment deployed on more than 20,000 locomotives and 60,000 miles of railroad track. 
There is plenty of finger-pointing to 
go around as to why it didn’t get done. The bottom line is this: After 7 years of work, over $6 billion of mostly private funds spent, and with about 2 months to go before the legal deadline, not one single railroad in this country—com-muter or freight—has fully imple-mented positive train control. 
For years, study after study, includ-
ing those from the nonpartisan Govern-ment Accountability Office, found that the 2015 deadline for full implementa-tion of PTC was unrealistic. The inde-pendent experts at the GAO concluded that the vast majority of railroads, in-
cluding all freight railroads, would not meet the deadline by the end of the year. 
I am pleased the Senate came to-
gether and acted on a solution. The bi-partisan, bicameral proposal I helped craft does not just extend the deadline for implementing positive train con-trol, it significantly increases account-ability and transparency. Our proposal gives the Secretary of Transportation the authority to fine railroads if they fall behind metrics and milestones on their way to completing installation and full implementation. It requires detailed and publicly available report-ing to ensure progress each step of the way. 
Under our bipartisan proposal, rail-
roads must implement positive train control by December 31, 2018. To ensure that PTC works as intended, the Sec-retary has very limited case-by-case discretion to allow railroads additional time for testing and certification but only if railroads complete all installa-tion, spectrum acquisition, and em-ployee training. To qualify for this ad-ditional time, freight railroads must have started using PTC on the major-ity of their territories or track. These accountability-focused changes, with objective criteria and rigorous over-sight, are designed to ensure that we never need another extension. 
I wish to extend my thanks to our 
colleagues on the House side—Rep-resentatives S
CHUSTER , D EFAZIO, 
DENHAM , and C APUANO —for their strong 
bipartisan leadership and collaboration to address this major transportation issue. This issue has been extensively debated in the Senate. This proposal incorporates principles and text that have twice been reported out of the commerce committee and have passed the full Senate in July by a vote of 65 to 34. Let me repeat that. Everything we are talking about today—and it was modified a little bit when we nego-tiated this with the House—but the basic text, basic framework, basic out-line of what we just passed had already passed the Senate as part of the Trans-portation bill with 65 votes earlier this year. The idea that this is somehow something that is being sprung on Members in the Senate is not con-sistent with the facts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.054 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7579 October 28, 2015 
I am grateful to Senator B LUNT and 
Senator M CCASKILL for their partner-
ship and leadership to bring Congress together to ensure that PTC is made safely available as soon as possible. Some have suggested different ways to approaching this issue. At a time when we are making progress to finally end the kick-the-can mentality through the enactment of a multiyear transpor-tation reauthorization bill, this pro-posal will ensure that we are not in-jecting that same type of uncertainty into another transportation mode, which is our Nation’s rail system. 
Attaching the bipartisan agreement 
on extending the PTC deadline as part of the short-term highway extension solves this problem while keeping pres-sure on the House of Representatives to pass a multiyear transportation bill that we can then reconcile with the Senate-passed DRIVE Act, the multiyear transportation bill that passed in this Chamber earlier this year. 
I wish to applaud Leader M
CCONNELL , 
Chairman I NHOFE , Ranking Member 
BOXER , and Ranking Member N ELSON  
for their continued efforts to push for the completion of a multiyear trans-portation reauthorization bill. Due to constant pressure from the Senate, as was noticed with last week’s markup by the House Transportation and Infra-structure Committee, we can actually see the path to getting a bill done with our House colleagues. 
The fact that the short-term exten-
sion before the Senate sets a November 20 deadline, along with the House plan-ning to take up a multiyear transpor-tation bill next week, indicates that it is, in fact, possible to soon get a multiyear transportation bill across the finish line. 
Nobody should misinterpret my work 
and my efforts with my colleagues here in the Senate in addressing the harms associated with failing to fix the loom-ing positive train control deadline. As a major part of the overall DRIVE Act, the transportation bill that passed Senate, the legislative text originated from the Senate commerce committee, and I will not be backing down in my efforts to see a host of transportation, safety freight, and rail provisions signed into law in the coming weeks. 
Together we have averted the poten-
tial harm that would come with a con-gressionally caused rail shutdown. We have set a realistic positive train con-trol deadline. We have held the rail-roads accountable and ensured the job is done swiftly and safely. It was im-portant that be done in a swift and safe way. 
Earlier my colleague from California 
quoted a story from the Washington Post that ran earlier this week. The Washington Post editorial board, the very same paper that my colleague from California cited, opined: ‘‘Con-gress should revise the 2008 legislation to give railroads more time to come into compliance, with consequences for those who fail to produce concrete plans for immediate improvement and 
meet milestones along the way.’’ 
But the very newspaper that the Sen-
ator from California was quoting actu-ally editorialized on their editorial page that Congress needed to fix and to put in place an extension that would allow the railroads to come into com-pliance. That was echoed by a lot of the large newspapers across the coun-try. 
The Chicago Tribune’s editorial 
board wrote: 
PTC is coming. It’s just not coming fast 
enough to meet what was always an unreal-istic deadline. So if your commute is a mess come January, don’t blame Metra. Blame Congress. 
The Chicago Sun-Times editorial 
board opined: ‘‘Congress should extend the deadline to give Metra and rail-roads a chance to get the job done.’’ 
The Los Angeles Times editorial 
board wrote: ‘‘Rather than risk a shut-down of crucial transportation serv-ices, Congress ought to fast-track a so-lution.’’ 
The problem we had here is that we 
didn’t have the luxury of time, and so the vehicle that came over from the House of Representatives, which is a short-term extension of the highway bill, presented a chance for us to ad-dress this issue knowing full well that it had to be addressed and that it had to be addressed in a timely way. We have railroads and shippers in this country, that, as I mentioned earlier, have already indicated they are modi-fying and adjusting their operations and plans right now and notifying cus-tomers of the impacts and effects of Congress failing to act in a timely way. 
The reason that this needed to be 
fixed now is that if we hadn’t fixed it, we would have started to see the dis-ruptions in our economy that would have come with a shutdown because, as I said, no railroad, to date, has been able to meet the positive train control deadline. We approached this in a way that we felt was reasonable, rational, logical, and kept the pressure on the railroads and required the account-ability that is necessary to see this done in a realistic way. I think the end result that just passed the Senate is a good outcome and a good solution, not just for the railroads in this country but for the shippers, farmers, and States such as South Dakota that de-pend upon those railroads, for the com-muters around this country who rely on that form of transportation every day to get to work, and for the thou-sands and thousands and thousands of people who work in those railroad-re-lated industries across this country. This is one example where Congress demonstrated that it actually could, in a timely way, act responsibly to bring about a solution that will avoid what surely would have been not only an economic disaster but a public safety disaster as well. 
I am pleased that our colleagues here 
in the Senate found a way to approve this today, and I hope, as I said before, that we will continue to keep the heat 
on to get a multiyear transportation bill through the House and the Senate with this short-term extension through November 20. It gives us a few weeks to complete action on that piece of legis-lation. But we didn’t have the luxury of time nor could we afford to wait to act and to make sure that this positive train control extension was put in place in a timely way. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
by voice vote, this body has extended the highway funding program, which is a good thing. It has also included in that extension a delay in the deadline for positive train control, which was inevitable. None of us opposed a delay in positive train control; what we op-posed was an extension of that delay with inadequate accountability and ex-cessive time. 
Let’s be absolutely clear. This delay 
in positive train control is really a delay until 2020, not 2018, because when railroads hit 2018, they can apply for 2 more years, and that second extension is dependent only on having completed work on half the system. Much of that determination is within the control of the railroad itself. That will be the 50 anniversary of the NTSB calling for positive train control. 
We are not talking about a novel, un-
tested technology. In fact, five rail-roads will meet the deadline to imple-ment this technology at the end of this year. Clearly, all could have at least sought plausibly to meet that deadline. If they had a reason for failing to do so, they should be required to present it case by case, year by year, with a firm deadline of 2018. That is the system I proposed in the legislation I offered 6 months ago—well before this deadline became an imminent necessity. 
Forty-six years ago, two passenger 
trains collided in Darien, CT, killing four people. There have been similar crashes and catastrophes since that time, resulting in nearly 300 deaths, 6,700 injuries, and incalculable eco-nomic loss. The worst of those cases was a crash in Southern California in 2008, killing 25 people. Another took place in the Bronx in 2013. Many of us visited the site in the Bronx and ob-served the remnants of this derailment and so are closely familiar with it. My colleagues in California and in New York have been ardent advocates of positive train control, and I thank them for their support. 
These are examples of only a few of 
the many instances of death and de-struction over decades that could have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.055 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7580 October 28, 2015 
been prevented by positive train con-
trol. Positive train control could have prevented Spuyten Duyvil. It could have prevented other repeated in-stances of death and destruction that resulted from trains speeding exces-sively and thereby derailing. It could have prevented trains from colliding. It could have prevented drivers from ig-noring signals. It could have prevented death and injury around the country with economic losses far exceeding the cost of installing positive train con-trol. 
Joe Boardman, head of Amtrak and 
former FRA Administrator, said: ‘‘PTC is the most important rail safety ad-vancement of our time.’’ 
Today, the Senate delayed it by 5 
years. There are reasons and there is blame enough to go around. The Fed-eral Government—in all frankness, the Federal Communications Commis-sion—perhaps bears part of that blame in the failure to allocate sufficient spending. But let’s be honest today in saying that 5 years of delay was unnec-essary. The railroads sought it, and they won it with a threat to shut down railroad service everywhere in the country—an unacceptable outcome. The question is, Can we change this deadline in a smart, responsible way? 
Unfortunately, the action today re-
wards the dilatory with unnecessary delay. Congress has sent a message that these deadlines can be avoided without repercussions and responsi-bility. That is bad policy. It is a bad process. I regret it. There was a better way to act that would have ensured continued funding for our highways and continued accountability for posi-tive train control, which is indeed the most important rail safety advance-ment of our time. This is not some ab-stract, novel system. It has been around. It has been used. It has been tested. I regret that today it has been delayed unnecessarily. 
Finally, I wish to congratulate and 
thank Sarah Feinberg, and the good news today is that her nomination has been approved. I look forward to work-ing with her, and I welcome her as a new source of leadership, which she has already demonstrated. I hope she will act aggressively and responsibly to en-sure that positive train control and other safety measures become the law and that the law is enforced as effec-tively and promptly as possible. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
f 
REGULATING TOBACCO 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak about an issue that af-fects the health of our children in every single State. 
I ask unanimous consent that after I 
have completed my remarks, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , Senator M ARKEY , Sen-
ator B OXER , and Senator W ARREN be af-
forded the opportunity to continue to address the same topic. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I also invite my col-
leagues to jump in at any point to ex-change views as well. 
This issue is one that we have known 
about for a very long period of time, which is that tobacco addiction de-stroys lives. I grew up in a family where my mother didn’t smoke and my father didn’t smoke, but they both came from large families—many broth-ers and sisters—and it seemed as though every single year when I was young, one of my aunts or one of my uncles died from smoking. They died from cancer. They died from heart dis-ease. They died from emphysema. This carnage was all too apparent. 
Anyone who has taken the slightest 
look at this issue knows that the sta-tistics are just unbelievable, the num-ber of deaths and illnesses caused, the number of years lost, the degradation of the quality of life of individuals. For this reason, it had long been a topic here in the Senate that nicotine—the primary acting element in tobacco— should be considered a drug. It is a drug. It has all of these impacts. We have a Food and Drug Administration, and the Food and Drug Administration should be able to regulate it for the health and welfare of our Nation. 
Back in 2009, we debated just such a 
law here on the floor of the Senate and across the way in the House, and that law was adopted. So we anticipated that in short order regulations would be issued and they would help address particularly the effort of tobacco com-panies to produce new products de-signed to essentially produce nicotine tobacco addicts among our children, to entice our children into smoking or chewing and this whole new variety, this continuum of products. 
Here we are years later. It is no 
longer 2009; it is 2015—6 years later and we have no regulation. During that time, a great deal has happened. Many new products have been introduced in the never-ending quest of the tobacco companies to find what they call re-placement smokers; that is, young folks who will continue to buy their products as their current customers die because they use their products. 
So 6 years have passed and no action 
out of the administration. Year after year, we have pushed, we have called as Senators, we have talked about it on the floor, we have held meetings with the key officials, and it has always been: We are almost there. We are working on it. We know how important it is. 
But while this process has gone along 
so slowly, millions more of our chil-dren have become addicted to tobacco. 
One of the main instruments the to-
bacco industry is using are flavors de-signed to target children. We can see here on the chart particularly flavors in the e-cigarette category. We have a whole variety. We have coffee. We have cherry. We have apple. We have cherry bomb flavoring. I was told today on the phone that there is a Captain Kangaroo 
flavor and there is a Scooby Doo flavor. There is a gummy bear flavor. These flavors are not designed to entice adults into becoming smokers because the industry knows that very rarely does an individual start to use tobacco products after the age of 21. It is the youth who experiment, and then the nicotine, as an addictive drug, does its work and turns them into lifetime users. That is where, of course, the money is. 
I was asked in an interview today 
how it is that the tobacco companies say these products are not targeted to children. I responded very simply. It is the big lie. No one, no individual can look at the flavors of these products and not know they are targeting our children. 
So what has happened in the last few 
years is the e-cigarette industry is the most successful of the products that tobacco companies have tested. In fact, in just the last year alone, use by our high school students has tripled. That means we now have 2 million high school—the survey was the previous 30 days, and in the previous 30 days, 2 mil-lion of our high school students had utilized e-cigarettes. So the tobacco campaign is working, which means they are hard at work compromising the health and welfare of our children and leading them down a path to suf-fering and death. That is unacceptable. 
So we are here today—a number of 
us—to simply say to our own adminis-tration, our executive branch: Get the regulations done. They have now been forwarded from the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, from the FDA, to the Of-fice of Management and Budget, which does the final review of those regula-tions. Get the regulations done, and make sure they are strong regulations. Do not put in a clause that grand-fathers all the products and exempts them from regulations that have been produced up until now. Such a grand-father clause would tear the heart out, tear the guts out of the entire effort to regulate these killer products. And cer-tainly regulate the flavors. That is the key, core strategy of addicting our children. Do not ignore that key, core strategy. 
This is something very real that this 
body debated and decided to do and turn it over to the executive branch. It is way past time for the executive branch to act. So we are asking for quick and powerful, forceful action to stop the carnage that is ensuing from the failure of these regulations. 
Several colleagues are coming to the 
floor to join this conversation. The Senator from Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , is planning to jump in 
next, followed by Senator M ARKEY and 
then Senator W ARREN . 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am going to yield to Senator M ARKEY , 
if I may, and then follow him in light of the scheduling needs that he may have, and then I will yield to Senator W
ARREN . Thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.057 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7581 October 28, 2015 
Mr. MARKEY. Thank you, Senator 
BLUMENTHAL , and Senator M ERKLEY , 
thank you for organizing this. Thank you to Senator W
ARREN and to every-
one who is here. 
Mr. President, with Halloween just 
days away, I would like to share some scary facts about nicotine. Nicotine is the main ingredient in cigarettes and is also found in the new cigarettes, the e-cigarettes. 
Four decades of scientific research 
have proved the following: First, nico-tine is addictive; second, nicotine af-fects brain development; third, nico-tine combined with tobacco is respon-sible for claiming millions of lives. 
These facts are true, but for years 
Big Tobacco willfully, consistently, publicly, and falsely denied them. Those lies were exposed at congres-sional hearings, and thanks to the tire-less efforts of anti-smoking and public health advocates, traditional cigarette smoking has declined from 50 percent of all adults to 18 percent of all adults in the United States. How many mil-lions of lives have been saved because of that? 
Big Tobacco and the e-cigarette in-
dustry are like the undead. Traditional cigarettes are being supplanted by e- cigarettes. Today e-cigarette sales in the United States alone topped $1 bil-lion, and e-cigarette use is growing as fast as the students who are smoking them. The use of e-cigarettes among middle and high school students has skyrocketed, tripling from 2013 to 2014, accounting for upwards of 13 percent of all high school students. That is when my father began to smoke two packs of Camels a day. My father died from smoking two packs of Camels a day. 
Nearly 2.5 million young Americans 
currently use e-cigarettes. Why the ex-plosion in youth e-cigarette smoking? It is because Big Tobacco and the e-cig-arette industry are marketing their dangerous nicotine delivery product to children and teens. 
Big Tobacco would have our young 
people think that e-cigarettes are a treat, but they are a cruel trick on those children. The younger a person is when he or she starts using products containing nicotine, the more difficult it is to quit. 
We know from years of research that 
flavors attract young people. That is why Congress explicitly banned ciga-rettes with flavors like cherry and bub-ble gum, because of their appeal to young people. So it is very dis-appointing, but not surprising, that new nicotine delivery products are available in a myriad of flavors, from cotton candy to vanilla cupcake to Coca-Cola. 
I wonder what this industry is trying 
to do. Flavors were outlawed from the traditional cigarette industry. You don’t have to be a detective to figure it out because over the past decade we have made great strides in educating children and teens about the dangers of smoking, and now we can’t allow e- cigarettes to snuff out the progress we have made in preventing nicotine ad-
diction and its deadly consequences. 
We need to ban the marketing of e- 
cigarettes to kids and teens. We need to ban the use of fruit and candy fla-voring clearly meant to attract chil-dren. We need to ban the online sales of e-cigarettes to keep them out of the hands of children. The dangers of e- cigarettes are clear. Every day we wait is another day that young Americans can fall prey to harmful products pushed by the tobacco industry. 
Last year at a commerce committee 
hearing, when I asked several e-ciga-rette company leaders to commit to ceasing the sale of these types of fla-vored products, a few agreed, but the vast majority have not and will not. Just today the e-cigarette industry trade group, the Tobacco Vapor Elec-tronic Cigarette Association, threat-ened the FDA after posting on its Web site what the association purports is leaked draft industry guidance under the new deeming rule, tweeting: ‘‘The FDA needs to know we mean business.’’ 
The association got it partially right. 
The e-cigarette industry should be put out of business. 
My father smoked two packs of Cam-
els a day. Back then it was a cool thing to do. For decades Big Tobacco denied that there was any linkage between smoking and cancer. My father died be-cause of that denial of the tobacco in-dustry and the cooperation of the U.S. Congress. 
Today electronic cigarettes are no 
better than the Joe Camels of the past. Through e-cigarettes, children and teens are still getting addicted to nico-tine and putting their health and fu-tures at grave risk. 
I urge OMB to give America’s youth 
a real Halloween treat by finalizing the deeming rule and stopping the sale of these candy-flavored poisons. 
Thank you, and I yield back. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
want to thank my colleagues for their very powerful comments, and I have a poster as well. In the spirit of Hal-loween, mine uses candy. I doubt that children this Halloween are going to receive some of these products—I hope not—when they go door-to-door, but people looking at this poster could eas-ily mistake the candy for the candy- flavored cigarillos or the candy that looks like cigarettes, appears to be to-bacco products, or the spit tobacco that is flavored with candy look-alikes. 
Today the temptation is to have 
some fun, use some puns, but I come here in sadness and frankly in anger— sadness that every day thousands of people will become addicted to nicotine and suffer from diseases that tobacco causes, whether it is cancer or smok-ing-related lung problems, and also to-bacco-related problems that can in-crease the cost as well as the suffering in our Nation. 
We are dealing here with indefensible 
delays in issuing a rule that is nec-essary to enforce the law. Let me be clear about what is happening. The To-bacco Control Act was passed 6 years 
ago. All of us thought the provisions of that Federal law would go into effect to protect Americans against the nico-tine addiction that is peddled relent-lessly and tirelessly by the tobacco in-dustry. We are 6 years later in an ad-ministration that is probably the most pro-public health and anti-tobacco abuse of any in our history, and still, 6 years later that law is unenforced, and the reason is there are no regulations. 
We are 18 months after the FDA re-
leased the rule called the deeming rule necessary to enforce that law. Eighteen months have passed since the FDA acted, 6 years since the law was passed in this body, and still there is no pro-tection for Americans. 
This fight goes back years and years, 
and I was involved as attorney general for the State of Connecticut in helping bring a landmark lawsuit. I helped to lead that lawsuit as one of the States that sued the tobacco companies for marketing to children. 
Back then this poster might have 
been used in court, and I appeared in court to say that the tobacco compa-nies, despite their denials, were mar-keting and pitching to children by using Joe Camel. Today the playbook is exactly the same. The tactics have changed, but the strategy is the same: using pitches, wrappings, and flavors to target children—not teenagers or col-lege kids—but younger children who are persuaded by the model of their older siblings and friends to begin a lifetime of addiction and disease. 
They may be fooled by the candy fla-
vors and the wrappings and the pitches that are used, but we should not be, the FDA should not be, and the Office of Management and Budget should not be fooled. They should not be waiting to issue this rule. It should be issued now. 
We have written to them, asking that 
the rule be issued. A number of us wrote a letter to Shaun Donovan. I very simply asked the President of the United States for no more delays. Do the rule now. There is no excuse for delay and, by the way, time is not on our side. During every year of delay, thousands more children become ad-dicted, and the President of the United States knows about that addiction be-cause he is a former smoker—hopefully it is former, not present—and he knows the power of nicotine because he has worked hard to overcome it. 
Let’s prevent young people from be-
coming addicted in the first place. Let’s save money and save lives. Please, Mr. President of the United States, issue this rule. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I would like to thank Senator 
M
ERKLEY for organizing this event this 
afternoon and Senators B LUMENTHAL  
and M ARKEY for their work on this. 
Smoking produces corporate profits, 
period. There is the heart of the prob-lem of e-cigarettes. Long after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.060 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7582 October 28, 2015 
science showed that cigarette smoking 
kills, long after the industry denied and denied, long after millions of peo-ple died from smoking-related cancers and heart disease, this country finally got serious about cutting smoking rates. 
Much of our attention has been fo-
cused on ways to keep the industry from hooking young people, and it is a good approach: If you don’t start, you don’t have to quit. For decades now public health experts have worked to reduce smoking and to keep kids and teens from becoming addicted to ciga-rettes. Congress passed the laws and implemented regulations that re-stricted access for teens. We increased tobacco taxes, and we clamped down on marketing to kids. State and local gov-ernments along with the private sector limited smoking in public. Those com-bined efforts worked. Since the late 1990s, the youth smoking rate has been cut by more than 50 percent. 
The most recent effort in Congress to 
address this issue was the passage of the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act of 2009. The late Senator Ted Kennedy fought for years and years to give the FDA authority to regulate the manufacture, distribution, and marketing of tobacco. I stand at his desk today to continue this fight because the law was passed but our Federal agencies have still not fully implemented it, and the tobacco indus-try continues to target young people. 
The industry profits from getting 
kids hooked early, so it finds every way it can to undermine all the other work we have done to keep kids from getting hooked on nicotine. Because it is harder now to get kids hooked with cigarettes, the industry has turned to e-cigarettes. 
Six years after the Tobacco Control 
Act was passed, the regulations that deem e-cigarettes as tobacco products and make them subject to all of the rules in that bill have still not been fi-nalized. As a result, e-cigarettes re-main virtually unregulated at the Fed-eral level—no age limits, no marketing restrictions, nothing but a splotchy patchwork of State and local restric-tions. Even though most states ban the sale of e-cigarettes to minors, this is not enough to combat the deliberate and well-financed work of the tobacco industry to hook another generation of kids on their products. 
Now, an investigation last year by 
House and Senate leaders revealed how the tobacco industry is marketing their products to kids. It found that the industry is following the exact same practices of marketing to kids and teens that addicted a generation to cigarettes decades ago. Tobacco com-panies market e-cigs with cartoons and Santa Claus. They show popular celeb-rities and beautiful models using e- cigs. 
Tobacco companies push e-cigs in fla-
vors designed to appeal to kids—flavors like cherry crush and chocolate treat. Tobacco companies provide free sam-ples at concerts and other youth-ori-
ented events. Tobacco companies ad-vertise on television shows and radio programs that attract large audiences of teens and preteens. To bring it all into the digital age, tobacco companies use all of these tactics online and on social media. 
The tobacco industry has done all of 
this before. It is having the same re-sult. According to the CDC, e-cigarette use by middle schoolers—that is sixth, seventh, and eighth graders—and high school students tripled in 2014 alone. New data released yesterday shows that 21.6 percent of young adults 18 to 24 have used an e-cigarette. 
For teens, e-cig use is now greater 
than the use of all other tobacco prod-ucts. Look, the tobacco industry is up to its old tricks, but we are not going to fall for them again. After more than 6 years since the passage of the To-bacco Control Act, the Federal Govern-ment is finally on the cusp of regula-tions to rein in the industry’s e-ciga-rette marketing efforts. Every day that goes by without this regulation, the to-bacco industry hooks more kids. 
We need a strong rule today, and that 
is why I join my colleagues to urge the Office of Management and Budget to act without delay and to release this important regulation. It is time—no, it is past time to take action, time to push back against the tobacco indus-try, time to stand up for our families’ health. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I 
would like very much to thank my col-leagues for coming to the floor and speaking to this issue, my colleagues from Connecticut, Senator B
LUMENTHAL ; from Massachusetts, Sen-
ator M ARKEY ; and Senator W ARREN , 
also from Massachusetts. 
I must say that this topic of addic-
tion to tobacco and tobacco products being targeted at our children is not one that is only relevant to one State or this State or that State, it affects children in rural America, in urban America, and in every State and corner of our Nation. So there is basically a universal impact. That is probably part of the reason the Senate came to-gether, during a period in which there has been substantial dysfunction and substantial paralysis, and said, no, it is time to regulate these tobacco prod-ucts as the drugs that they are, but during the 6 years since the bill was passed, we have had no regulation. So I appreciate my colleagues coming to the floor and trying to amplify the message that this is unacceptable, be-cause children will be addicted, they will develop diseases, they will suffer, and they will die because of the inac-tion in putting the regulations for-ward. 
This is completely unacceptable. 
During this time, there have been a lot of experimental products put out by the tobacco industry. They have put out finely ground tobacco in the form 
of mints. They put them into hour glass-shaped candy holders so that when students would put them in our 
pockets, it would look like a cell phone. 
That may not make sense in this age 
of smartphones, but just a few years ago, in 2009, when this was being test- marketed in my State of Oregon and test-marketed in Ohio, the shape of the most popular cellphones kind of had a little bit of an hourglass shape to it. So the idea was it would look like a cellphone and not like tobacco when you were in school. 
They came out with a product of 
toothpicks made out of finely ground tobacco. They came out with a product of breath strips that you put on your tongue. Can you imagine tobacco to freshen your breath? They were experi-menting with everything, but the pay-day was not toothpicks, it was not mints, and it was not breath strips; the payday product is e-cigarettes. 
I am going to put the chart back up 
about the e-cigarettes. There are two fundamental myths propagated by the tobacco industry. The first is that they are not marketing to youth. Well, let’s examine the type of flavors in these products. We have apple—these are just the ones on this chart. We have cotton candy. We have gummy bear. We have watermelon. We have candy crave. We have Red Bull. We have peach. 
These candy and fruit flavors are de-
signed to appeal to children and to mask some of the nastiness of smok-ing. Well, so that is big lie No. 1 from the tobacco industry, that they are not targeting our children. It is absolutely clear they are. 
Furthermore, they have to because 
they know that replacement smokers— getting new smokers to replace those who are dying because of their prod-ucts requires targeting children be-cause very few people start smoking when they are adults or start using to-bacco products when they are adults. The mind of the teenager is the perfect moment to gain traction and produce addiction. That is why the tobacco companies are targeting our children. 
The second myth they put forward is 
that e-cigarettes are simply a wonder-ful health aid designed to get people to quit smoking. Maybe it is healthier than a cigarette with a tobacco leaf ground up inside of it or a clear liquid nicotine rather than a cigarette or a cigar. Do not believe for a moment that tobacco companies are trying to help individuals stop smoking. They did not do billions of dollars in com-merce by getting people to stop smok-ing. Everything about targeting kids is not about getting individuals to stop smoking but to start smoking. That is the goal, to start smoking, to lead them into a life in which they will spend an enormous amount of money buying a product that is destroying their body. 
Eventually they will suffer. Eventu-
ally they will die. It will be a heart at-tack. It will be lung cancer. It will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.061 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7583 October 28, 2015 
a whole host of—emphysema. OK. 
Maybe not every single individual, but a huge number of folks who become ad-dicted in their youth will suffer sub-stantial health consequences. Even those who don’t have cancer or full- blown emphysema will experience other health impacts that make them a less healthy individual and com-promise their quality of life. 
Again, I thank my colleagues so 
much for coming to the floor to accen-tuate this message that we have waited far too long for the regulations to get done to take on this industry and that we are demanding that when the regu-lation is published—and hopefully that will be very soon, as in days or weeks— that will be a regulation that is writ-ten in a forceful, comprehensive fash-ion, that will not have a grandfather clause that excludes existing products from regulation, and it will not fail to address this powerful instrument being used to target our children, which are fruit and candy flavors. 
We ask, now that the Food and Drug 
Administration has forwarded this de-cision to the Office of Management and Budget for final decisionmaking, that OMB come out quickly, forcefully, and strongly to address this tremendous blight on our society. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I take 
this time as the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee to bring to my colleagues’ at-tention a very disturbing trend that is taking place on us carrying out our constitutional responsibilities. It is up to the Senate, and only the Senate, to confirm—advise and consent—appoint-ments by the President of the United States that require the confirmation of the Senate. 
I think the Senate Foreign Relations 
Committee, which I am honored to serve on and act as the ranking Demo-crat, has acted in a very responsible manner in scheduling hearings and taking action on the nominations that have been submitted by President Obama. I thank Senator C
ORKER . He 
has scheduled these hearings in a very timely way and scheduled markups in our committee so we can make our rec-ommendations to the full Senate. That is not true of the Senate as a body. There are currently 16—16—highly qualified nominees who have been rec-ommended for Senate confirmation, none of whom are controversial, who are awaiting action on the floor of the Senate. Some of these nominees have been waiting as long as 10 months, al-most a year for action by the Senate. Let me repeat this: Not one of these nominees is being held up because of challenges to his or her qualifications to assume the responsibilities of the position for which that person has been nominated. In each of these cases they have cleared the committee hurdle by 
unanimous or near unanimous votes in the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. 
So why have we not taken up those 
nominees for confirmation votes on the floor of the Senate? They are not con-troversial. They are qualified for the position. The reason is that in each case a Senator has placed a hold on the consideration of that nominee. What does a hold mean? It means a Senator has let their respective caucus know they will not consent to the nomina-tion coming before the Senate either as a unanimous consent request or for a vote on the floor of the Senate. That has been the prerogative of Members of the Senate. They can do that. The way you overcome that is either the Sen-ator eliminates the hold—in these cases each one of the holds have noth-ing to do with the qualifications of the individual for this position—or the ma-jority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , 
brings forward the nomination, if nec-essary uses a cloture motion in order to get this issue resolved. After all, one Senator should not be able to stop a nomination on the floor of the Senate so we cannot carry out our responsibil-ities of advice and consent. 
Senator M
CCONNELL has been unwill-
ing to do that. I understand the chal-lenges of floor time. I fully do. Ten months some of these nominees have been waiting. These are critical mis-sions for our Foreign Service. The rea-sons these individuals are being held— let me just give you an example—is be-cause of a Member being upset with the Obama administration for taking the Iran agreement to the United Nations for a vote before action in the Senate— having nothing to do with the nominee we are talking about—or concerns about Secretary Clinton or concerns about the Secret Service but not re-lated to the person who was nominated for the position we are talking about. That is just wrong. We have the con-stitutional responsibility to advise and consent on Presidential appointments. 
Let me give some examples that fall 
into this category of the 16 nominees who are currently waiting for Senate confirmation. 
We have the Secretary of State for 
Conflict and Stabilization Operations. The person who has been nominated for that is Ambassador David Robinson, a career diplomat with 30 years of public service. He has been the Principal Dep-uty High Representative in Bosnia- Herzegovina, one of the most difficult conflict areas in modern times. He has served both Democratic and Repub-lican administrations. He is a career diplomat. 
The position we are talking about fo-
cuses on prevention and response to mass atrocities and countering violent extremism and election-related vio-lence. I would think that is a high pri-ority for this Senate, to make sure the United States has all hands on deck to deal with these types of international challenges. Ambassador Robinson has served far 
and wide under dangerous and demand-ing circumstances. He was the Assist-ant Chief of Mission at the U.S. Em-bassy in Kabul, Afghanistan. He served as the Principal Assistant Deputy Sec-retary for Population, Refugees, and Migration. He served as U.S. Ambas-sador to Guyana from 2006 to 2008 and as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Georgetown, Guyana, from 2003 to 2006. He also served as the Dep-uty Chief of Mission at the U.S. Em-bassy in Paraguay from 2000 to 2003. 
He is a highly qualified individual 
who has shown a clear dedication and commitment to serving his country. He has been waiting almost 7 months for the Senate to act on his nomination. 
I wish to cite another example, the 
State Department’s Legal Adviser, Brian Egan. He has served both Repub-lican and Democratic administrations. This a critical mission, the Legal Ad-viser. Just today, in a hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee, we had General Allen, and a discussion ensued as to the legal au-thority we have in regard to some of our activities. It would be good to have a confirmed legal adviser so we can get those types of answers. 
Like Ambassador Robinson, Mr. Egan 
has served in both Democratic and Re-publican administrations. He began his career as a government lawyer in 2005, as a civil servant in the Office of the Legal Adviser of the State Department, which was headed at the time by Sec-retary of State Condoleezza Rice. He has worked in the private sector. He served as Assistant General Counsel for Enforcement and Intelligence at the Treasury Department. He served on the National Security Council staff. He is a nonpartisan and fair-minded individual who clearly has the skills and the abil-ity to lead the Office of Legal Adviser at the State Department. He has been waiting 9 months for confirmation—9 months. He is a person who has devoted his career to public service. 
That is no way to treat people who 
want to give their service to this coun-try in an important role. We need to carry out our responsibility. 
At the USAID, the Administrator po-
sition has not been confirmed. The USAID Assistant Administrator for Europe and Eurasia has not been con-firmed. The inspector general of USAID has not been confirmed. These appoint-ments have been in the Senate for some time. 
I have listened to my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle talk about the refugee crisis. We are approaching the number of people who are dislocated in this world similar to what we had at the end of World War II. The principal agency that deals with this crisis in the United States is the USAID. We know we have conflict areas all over the world, and we have heard over and over again that the way we deal with this—one of our major tools—is through development assistance. We need confirmed, top management at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.063 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7584 October 28, 2015 
this agency. The Senate has an obliga-
tion to act. 
None of these nominees are non-
controversial. I want to repeat that. They are not being held by a Senator because of anything to do with their qualifications for the position for which they have been nominated. There have been unrelated issues for a long period of time compromising the critical missions of these agencies. 
Just as tragically, there are 20 inno-
cent USAID Foreign Service officers who have been held up. These 20 USAID Foreign Service officers are not nomi-nated for Ambassador positions or As-sistant Secretary position; these are folks who were plucked from a list of 181 promotions that must be confirmed by the full Senate for the promotions to take effect. In other words, their promotions have not taken effect be-cause of an individual hold by a Sen-ator for reasons unrelated to their per-formance in office—career diplomats, civil service. These are civil servants who are working hard day in and day out serving their country in both Democratic and Republican adminis-trations. They are not involved in the politics of the Senate, and yet they are the casualties of these politics. 
These individuals are called upon to 
serve in challenging and sometimes very dangerous places. We are talking about a Supervisory Program Officer in Cambodia, the Deputy Director for East Africa Operations in Kenya, the Director of the Democracy and Govern-ance Office in Rwanda, a Senior Advi-sor for Civilian-Military Cooperation, a Resident Legal Officer for the Resident Mission in Asia, an Education Officer in Honduras, a Regional Legal Advisor in El Salvador, a Deputy Controller for Financial Management in El Salvador, a Regional Food for Peace Officer in Ethiopia, a Regional Legal Advisor in Egypt, a Deputy Education and Youth Office Director in Kenya, the Director of the Food for Peace Program in South Sudan, the Democracy and Gov-ernance Director in El Salvador, the Economic Growth Team Leader in Zambia, the Economic Growth Office Director in Ukraine, and a Controller for Financial Management in Rwanda. 
I went through that list because I 
think everyone would acknowledge that these are people who are serving in very dangerous places. 
As I mentioned, we had a hearing in 
the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee with General Allen, who is doing incredible public service for our representative in the Middle East. He said he wanted to thank the Senate Foreign Relations Committee for the attention we have given to our dip-lomats. 
Often on the floor of the Senate you 
hear glowing thanks—and I join in that—to the men and women who have worn the uniform of our Nation to de-fend our freedom. Well, our thanks go equally to our Foreign Service officers who serve in very dangerous positions in order to advance the U.S. principles of democracy and human rights. We 
know about the casualties we have suf-fered in that regard. These individuals are entitled to their promotions, and it requires our action. To hold up their promotions for reasons unrelated to their job performance is just plain irre-sponsible, and we need to take up these nominees. 
There are ambassadorships that have 
been open for way too long. I could mention many of the ambassadorships, but I will just mention two—Sweden and Trinidad and Tobago. 
Sweden, of course, is a strategic ally 
and an Arctic Council member. Azita Raji has been nominated. She is a busi-nesswoman who has been the vice president of J.P. Morgan Securities. She brings her unique expertise from the business sector to help one of our critical Ambassador positions. Again, she is a noncontroversial nominee who has been held up 10 months. Sweden is a critical partner for the United States. 
In Trinidad and Tobago, John 
Estrada has been waiting 180 days for his confirmation. Trinidad is a critical place for the United States as far as drug-smuggling activities that bring drugs into the United States. We need a confirmed Ambassador to lead that fight against drug smuggling into the United States. Again, he is being held up for reasons unrelated to his own qualifications. 
I could go through all the 16 nomi-
nees. I think I have made my point. My point is that I think the public would be surprised to learn that one Senator could block a nomination of a Presi-dent, and that is used many times un-related to the qualifications of that in-dividual for the position for which he or she has been nominated. It has hap-pened in the Senate numerous times, as I have just pointed out. 
I think it is the responsibility of the 
Senate to say enough is enough. It is time for us to act on these nominees so they can continue their public service in a confirmed position to help us in our war against drugs, to help us in our international diplomacy, to help us in development assistance in order to re-solve conflicts, and to provide the very best legal advice to make sure that what we are doing is consistent with our Constitution. 
To do the services of the people for 
the people of this country, we have to do our service in the Senate, and that is to take up and vote on the Presi-dent’s nominees to these critical for-eign policy positions. 
I urge my colleagues to allow us to 
bring these nominees up for a vote so we can carry out our responsibility and so these people can carry out their critically important missions to the se-curity interests of the United States. 
With that, I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
COMMERCIAL SPACE BILL 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, it looks 
like there has been a resolution be-tween the House and Senate on a com-mercial space bill which includes an update. This goes way back 31 years 
ago. When this Senator was a young Congressman, I actually participated in and sponsored the first Commercial Space Act. Very few people could have envisioned what would happen 30 years later with this legislation, for indeed commercial companies are delivering launch services not only to commercial customers, such as all of our satellites, GPS systems, and some communica-tion satellites, but also government payloads for the U.S. Government, ob-viously Air Force payloads, and var-ious other intel satellites and satellites for foreign countries. 
Our American space launchers are 
putting these satellites up into space, and of course it has revolutionized our daily life. How many among us are so accustomed to using this device to look up the location of an address? How do you think that is happening? It is hap-pening because we have hundreds of satellites up there in the GPS system— scores of satellites—that give you pre-cise locations of any point on the globe where one might want to visit. These devices have gotten so sophisticated that they talk to you and say: Go 600 feet and turn right on such and such street and then turn left. It is just amazing. This doesn’t just happen. It happens because of our space industry and in particular our commercial space industry. 
Since this Senator, as a young Con-
gressman, got into this in the begin-ning, which was about 31 years ago, we have had to update this legislation. A lot of things have happened, and now there are very significant things that are happening. For the past decade, we have had a national laboratory in space, which is one component of what is happening, and it is known as the International Space Station. There are six human beings up there. There is an international crew, which includes American astronauts, and one of them, by the way, has now completed 6 months of a 1-year stay so we can study the effects on the human body after a long duration in space. That will help us so we can be ready to go to Mars with human beings in the decade of the 2030s. 
There are other activities on the 
space station that are commercial ac-tivities. There are all kinds of pharma-ceutical experiments that are going on. As a matter of fact, there are drug trials right now, and the FDA, having used the properties of zero G on the International Space Station, is devel-oping vaccines for salmonella and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.064 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7585 October 28, 2015 
MRSA. If using the properties of zero G 
may help us to develop vaccines that help us with diseases and bacteria on Earth, then that is a significant ac-complishment. Those are some of the commercial activities that are taking place in space. 
As we think way into the future, we 
could be mining other planets, and we could certainly be mining asteroids. Wouldn’t it be nice if we found an as-teroid that was suddenly full of dia-monds. We don’t even have to stretch our imagination that far. There are all kinds of elements on these asteroids. 
This legislation should be cleared 
later on tonight and in the morning by both sides. Once it has been cleared, we can take the House bill that is down here, amend it on the Senate bill, and send it back to the House. The House has agreed with the far-reaching thought of mining on asteroids, which will be considered intellectual property so it is preserved for the commercial sector and that would be their prop-erty. 
This whole commercial space busi-
ness today, including launching and some of the other activities, unbeliev-ably, is a $330 billion industry. The commercial launch industry started out on American rockets. Over the course of the last three decades, our launchers were more expensive, and so international competitors came into this—the Russians, in some cases using old Soviet rockets, and the European Space Agency launched the Ariane rocket, which they developed. Other nations also have rockets that offer fierce competition to the American rockets. 
The need for this legislation to be 
passed at this time—by updating the Commercial Space Act—is because we are now seeing commercial enterprises that are set on a road in the NASA au-thorization bill of 2010 and are becom-ing so efficient and effective that they are bringing down the cost of launch-ing payloads into orbit. That is also benefitting the U.S. Government, which is buying these launch services in order to get government payloads into orbit. Because of that, we are now seeing some of that international busi-ness which went to other countries starting to come back to us. Orbital Sciences has a commercial rocket, and SpaceX has a very successful program. Amazon founder, Jeff Bezos, has a rocket company called Blue Origin and is likewise getting into the commercial space business. There are many others as well. 
This is an exciting time for us to be 
bringing a lot of this activity back to America. Therefore, at the end of the day, what does that mean? More indus-try, more high-tech, more research and development, more exploration, and more jobs. 
So we are seeing increasingly the 
U.S. Air Force cooperate on their in-stallation, the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, using government prop-erty but leased through State or local space authorities, which are then, in 
turn, leasing to these commercial oper-ators. A good example that has been tremendously successful for the past several years is an Elon Musk company called SpaceX. They contracted with Space Florida, which had worked out an arrangement with the Cape Canav-eral Air Force Station for launch com-plex 40, for that to be the SpaceX launchpad. They have been enormously successful. They have not only launched government payloads—the NASA cargo to and from the space sta-tion—but they have also launched other commercial payloads, govern-ment payloads of foreign countries, as well as government payloads of the U.S. Government. 
Eventually, that commercial space 
company, along with the Boeing Com-pany, will be the ones that, in just 2 years, will launch American astronauts on American rockets for the first time since the shutdown of the space shuttle back in 2011—American astronauts on American rockets to and from our international space station. Those two companies are competing for it, but it doesn’t mean that just one of the two necessarily wins the competition. Both could be the providers for NASA of ways for us to get Americans on Amer-ican rockets to our own international space station instead of having to rely on the Russian—very proven and very dependable—Soyuz rocket, which is the only way to get our astronauts there at the moment, until we start flying these other new rockets. 
So I wanted to alert the Senate that 
this is happening as we speak. I hope we get all of the clearances in the Sen-ate later tonight—if not, early in the morning—so that we can get this amended, onto the House bill. It would basically be this: ‘‘Strike all after the enacting clause,’’ put the Senate bill on, which we have already negotiated with the House, get it to the House, let them pass it, and get it to the Presi-dent for signature. I wanted to bring the Senate up to date on what is hap-pening. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRADE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask the Chair to lay before the body the message to accompany H.R. 1314. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the House agree to the 
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1314) entitled ‘‘An Act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse 
determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations,’’ with an amendment. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to concur in the House amend-ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk on the motion to concur. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to accompany H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Lisa 
Murkowski, John Thune, Lamar Alex-ander, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Orrin G. Hatch, John McCain, Thad Cochran, Thom Tillis, Michael B. Enzi, Mike Rounds, Roy Blunt, Susan M. Collins, Shelley Moore Capito. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2750 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur 
in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, with a further amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-
ment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, with an amendment numbered 2750. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my motion to concur with amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2751 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2750 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2751 
to amendment No. 2750. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.065 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7586 October 28, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 2752 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to refer the 
House message on H.R. 1314 to the Committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 2752. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House amendment 
to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314 to the Committee on Finance with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 2752. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2753 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the instructions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2753 
to the instructions of the motion to refer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2754 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2753 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second-de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2754 
to amendment No. 2753. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
wish to speak about the unfortunate extension of the deadline for the imple-mentation of positive train control, or PTC. As one of the authors of the Rail 
Safety Improvement Act of 2008—which established the PTC mandate—I stand here committed to ensuring that PTC is installed on all our Nation’s railways as soon as possible. 
Current law states railroads must 
fully install PTC by the end of this year. For a variety of reasons, we all know this is not feasible for all rail-roads. But we can’t let this drag on in-definitely. 
It’s a matter of public safety. We 
must get this done. 
The focus of the current debate has 
been on why an extension of the man-date is necessary, but I would like to take a step back and remind my col-leagues why the mandate itself is nec-essary. 
On September 12, 2008, the inatten-
tive conductor of a Metrolink train—a commuter railroad in the Los Angeles area—missed a red light and entered a stretch of single track going the wrong way. 
The train collided with a Union Pa-
cific freight train, which completely demolished the first commuter car. The accident killed 25 and injured more than 100. 
This was an absolute tragedy for my 
State and the country. 
What is even more tragic: It was 100 
percent preventable. Had PTC been in-stalled, we would have avoided this tragedy. 
The National Transportation Safety 
Board has been recommending the in-stallation of PTC since an accident in Connecticut in 1969. 
This technology is lifesaving. It pre-
vents train-to-train collisions and overspeed derailments and other rail dangers. 
PTC could have saved 25 lives in 
Chatsworth. In fact, PTC could have saved at least 288 lives and prevented more than 6,500 injuries in accidents across 36 States since 1969. 
In 2008, at long last, Congress passed 
a law requiring PTC implementation by the end of 2015, giving railroads 7 years to comply. 
It is extremely disappointing that 
most railroads will not meet this dead-line. 
It didn’t have to be this way. The passenger railroads in California 
took this legal and moral imperative seriously. They committed resources. 
In fact, Metrolink will be the first 
system in the Nation to fully imple-ment positive train control when the Federal Railroad Administration gives its final certification by the end of this year. 
The Bay Area is also well ahead of 
the curve. Caltrain will begin operating PTC on its line between Gilroy and San Francisco by the end of the year, with final certification expected early next year. 
These stories show that it can be 
done on time. 
But the sad fact is few railroads will 
meet the 2015 deadline as mandated by law. Yes, there were some unanticipated 
challenges and procedural hurdles that have contributed to the delay. 
But more devastating were legal 
challenges from the industry and rail-roads failing to commit the necessary resources. 
So here we are today, debating an ex-
tension. 
Let me be very clear: the PTC exten-
sion provision the House sent over is flawed. 
In my view, we need to be forcing 
railroads to implement this as soon as possible, and the House proposal fails to do that. 
Instead, it gives all railroads a blan-
ket extension until 2018, even those that would be done well before then. 
The Secretary of Transportation can 
take enforcement actions against rail-roads that miss certain annual mile-stones between now and 2018, but the railroads themselves get to establish those milestones in the first place. 
After the 3-year blanket extension, 
railroads can request an additional 2- year extension, so long as a railroad is about halfway complete with imple-mentation. 
That means they will have until 
2020—12 years after Congress first man-dated the technology and 50 years since the National Transportation Safety Board began calling for it. 
This is effectively a 5-year extension, 
precisely what railroads have been lob-bying for. 
There are better options available. In fact, we anticipated the need for 
an extension years ago and worked to find reasonable compromises. 
First, in 2012, we tried to modify the 
mandate. 
I supported a provision that passed 
the Senate in that year’s transpor-tation reauthorization bill. 
It would have kept the deadline in 
2015, but allowed the administration to grant up to three 1-year extensions to railroads on a case-by-case basis only when necessary and where railroads were working diligently. 
But the railroads wanted 5 years, and 
the provision was dropped from the final bill. 
Then earlier this year, debate began 
anew. 
The Commerce Committee approved 
a bill that would provide railroads with a blanket extension of 5 to 7 years. 
I thought that was reckless and un-
necessarily long. 
Together with several of my col-
leagues, we reintroduced separate leg-islation along the lines of the provision that passed the Senate in 2012. 
This started negotiations that led to 
the two different provisions now in-cluded in the House and Senate trans-portation reauthorization bills. 
These provisions are each much im-
proved from a blanket 5- to 7-year ex-tension, but both remain flawed. 
In my view, it would be fair and rea-
sonable for the remaining policy dif-ferences between these two provisions to be resolved during conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.070 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7587 October 28, 2015 
I hope the conference would lead to a 
policy that takes the best parts of both approaches and would be packaged as part of a bill that provided sufficient resources for the commuter railroads to comply with the mandate. We should let that process play out. 
We should not rush to pass bad policy 
on this 3-week extension. 
I now want to take a moment to de-
scribe something that has disturbed me throughout this entire process. 
That is the aggressive stance of the 
railroad industry. 
As we have seen in public, railroads 
have threatened to stop service for rail passengers around Christmas and stop transporting certain chemicals before that. 
Union Pacific’s demand letter was 
the most explicit, acknowledging that ‘‘this will cause significant economic disruption for our country,’’ but that it ‘‘is in the best interest of our employ-ees and shareholders.’’ 
The railroads claim that the fines 
that will be charged next year by the Federal Railroad Administration would be so draconian that they would be un-able to continue operating as railroads. 
It is very difficult to believe the gov-
ernment would fine railroads to such an extreme. The government’s goal is simply to compel the fastest possible implementation of PTC. 
The railroads also say that in the 
event of a PTC-preventable accident, they would be liable for excessive dam-ages. But as we all know, there is a li-ability cap for passenger accidents. 
And for hazardous materials acci-
dents, the railroads have been shipping chlorine and ammonia for decades. It is offensive that only when a railroad could face full liability for an accident that they find operation without PTC to be unacceptably dangerous. 
The railroads’ overtly political 
threats of economic calamity are not constructive. They serve only to create a hysterical atmosphere that prevents meaningful negotiations. 
It is entirely inappropriate that the 
railroad industry would make hostages of America’s passenger rail services and chemical shippers in order to se-cure their favored legislative outcome. 
What we are discussing today is a bad 
proposal. We should be prioritizing public safety. But this House-passed provision does not. 
The proper place for this debate is in 
the long-term transportation reauthor-ization bill. 
It is very unfortunate that this has 
been attached to a must-pass short term extension of the highway trust fund. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, to-
day’s extension of the deadline to fully implement positive train control tech-nology is deeply disappointing. Passing this extension means that our rail sys-tem failed to make good on its original deadline, despite having nearly 7 years to do so. 
There are many reasons for the fail-
ure to meet this deadline, and the re-sponsibility for this failure is widely 
shared. The critical bottom line, how-ever, is that positive train control saves lives. And we were tragically re-minded of that fact again last May, when the derailment of a speeding train near Philadelphia killed eight passengers, including a wonderful Michigan native, Rachel Jacobs, and injured 200 others. Had positive train control been in place on this section of track, it could have prevented this ter-rible tragedy. 
I understand that today’s extension 
includes concrete milestones, new progress reports, and stronger over-sight by the Department of Transpor-tation to ensure positive train control is a reality sooner rather than later. This needs to be a top priority for all of those responsible for getting this done. This extension should not be seen as an excuse to slow progress. We cannot allow any further delays on installing this essential, lifesaving technology. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, as the 
Senate votes today on a short-term ex-tension of the highway trust fund and an extension of the deadline for posi-tive train control, I rise to discuss the importance of transportation safety and the need for vigorous oversight as both passenger and freight railroads strive to implement this life-saving technology. 
Congress passed legislation 7 years 
ago that gave our Nation’s rail carriers until December 31 of this year to fully deploy and implement positive train control, or PTC, on all rail lines that carry passengers or toxic substances. Some railroads have made the invest-ments necessary to make significant progress in meeting this deadline, and others have been slower for a number of reasons, ranging from the costs to the complexity of the technology. 
The necessity of quickly imple-
menting PTC took on a renewed ur-gency in May of this year when Am-trak train 188 derailed in Philadelphia, taking the lives of eight passengers and injuring hundreds more. PTC could have prevented this accident, and I am grateful the Federal Railroad Adminis-tration took swift action with Amtrak to improve safety in certain high-risk sections of the Northeast corridor. But more must be done across the country and as soon as possible. 
In recent months, with a deadline 
looming, Members on both sides of the aisle have heard from railroads as well as downstream producers, shippers, and manufacturers who rely on trans-porting goods by rail. All stakeholders seem to recognize the importance of using new technology to make our rail-ways safer. What has not had equal consensus is how long it should take for this new technology to be installed and utilized. Recent legislative pro-posals, including in the Senate-passed DRIVE Act, would have created en-forcement loopholes that weaken the tools of Federal safety regulators. 
The bipartisan PTC language consid-
ered today closes these loopholes and sets a new implementation deadline of 
December 31, 2018. Railroads will be re-quired to set up implementation plans with clear benchmarks and timelines that will be enforceable by the Depart-ment of Transportation. 
In what I hope will be very rare cases 
in which railroads may need an exten-sion beyond that deadline, a limited period, not to exceed 24 months in total, may be applied should the rail-road meet strict criteria. These cri-teria include having PTC already im-plemented in the majority of its terri-tories, acquisition of all needed spec-trum for implementation, installation of all necessary hardware components, completion of employee trainings, and any additional criteria established by the Secretary. 
While railroads and commuter au-
thorities face an immense challenge in implementing PTC, now and always, we must place the safety of our citizens above the fear of difficulties incurred by necessary technological change. 
As Congress extends the deadline for 
this lifesaving technology, we must also extend our oversight and commit to meticulous and thorough review of the ongoing implementation process. We should confirm outstanding nomi-nees, including the nominee for FRA Administrator, who has direct over-sight responsibilities over PTC. Con-gress must also invest more in our Na-tion’s infrastructure and enable rail-roads to access grants and various funding sources to help implement this technology, as well as other critical safety and state-of-good-repair needs. We should remain diligent in ensuring that critical benchmarks and good- faith efforts to install the technology are being made by industry and, if nec-essary, take actions to ensure compli-ance. 
I urge my colleagues to stand with 
me in calling for reasonable and com-monsense conditions as we work to en-sure every train hauling people and toxic materials in this Nation can op-erate as safely as possible with new technology. 
f 
REGULATING ELECTRONIC 
CIGARETTES 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, it has 
now been more than 6 years since Con-gress gave the FDA authority to regu-late the tobacco industry, and it is ab-solutely outrageous that we are still waiting for a final rule that would pro-tect our children from e-cigarettes. 
What has happened while we wait? E- 
cigarette use among middle and high school students tripled last year com-pared to the year before. That means that as many as 2.5 million children are now experimenting with these dan-gerous products. 
While we are finally making progress 
in reducing traditional cigarette smok-ing among young people, the soaring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.027 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7588 October 28, 2015 
use of e-cigarettes is putting our chil-
dren at risk of lifelong addiction to nicotine. 
Every day that e-cigarettes continue 
to go unregulated, more and more chil-dren and teens are being exposed to nicotine—which according to the Sur-geon General poses health risks for ad-olescent brain development. 
E-cigarettes also contain potentially 
dangerous chemicals like benzene, cad-mium, formaldehyde, propylene glycol, and some of the very same nanopar-ticles that are in traditional cigarettes according to the California Depart-ment of Public Health. 
But those chemicals are masked by e- 
cigarette flavors like bubble gum and gummy bear—which are clearly mar-keted toward children. 
And the industry’s dangerous tar-
geting of young people is working. New research published in the Journal of the American Medical Association just this week shows that 81 percent of teens who have ever tried an e-ciga-rette started with a flavored one—81 percent. 
Combine those flavors with TV ads 
airing during the most popular youth TV shows and Big Tobacco is clearly seeking to lure the next generation into a lifetime of addiction to their products. A study published in the journal ‘‘Pediatrics’’ last year found that youth exposure to television e-cig-arette advertisements increased 256 percent from 2011 to 2013. 
This is not an accident. Big Tobacco 
used the same marketing tactics with traditional cigarettes decades ago— until we stopped them. These compa-nies will not stop until millions more are hooked on nicotine. 
So what do we do? We need to protect 
the health of our children by regu-lating e-cigarettes just like traditional cigarettes. 
The administration needs to issue 
the final FDA rule to regulate e-ciga-rettes, which is currently at OMB. It has been more than a year and a half since it was first proposed. While this rule may not go as far as I would like, it is a critical first step, and it must be approved immediately. 
First, the regulation should ban the 
sale of e-cigarettes to minors because it is just common sense. Take these dangerous products out of the hands of our children. 
Nearly every State already bans sales 
to minors—it is beyond time the Fed-eral Government makes this the law of the land. 
Second, the FDA should subject prod-
ucts to FDA review before they can be marketed. 
Third, the FDA should ensure that e- 
cigarettes are labeled with health warnings. 
Fourth, I want the FDA to go even 
further and ban flavors and marketing tactics that appeal to children—and ban online sales as well. 
Now, we have seen some progress in 
how e-cigarettes are being handled— like the Department of Transpor-tation’s announcement yesterday that 
it will ban e-cigarettes from checked bags to reduce the risk of fires in flight. But we are still waiting for the final DOT rule prohibiting the use of e- cigarettes on board airplanes—where passengers are subject to the poten-tially toxic secondhand exposure. 
The cost of doing nothing is putting 
too many lives at risk. The research is clear, and as time goes by, Americans are worried for their health and safe-ty—and parents are worried about the long-term health consequences for our children. 
Just listen to what Sondra, from Co-
rona, CA, told me. She says, ‘‘I have worked in our local high schools for al-most 15 years. The e-cigarettes defi-nitely need to be regulated for people under 18. I am consistently told by stu-dents that ‘these are better’ than tradi-tional cigarettes. They don’t realize the harm and the addictive qualities are still present.’’ 
There is no time to lose. We don’t 
need another public health epidemic just as we have finally started to save lives by reducing cigarette smoking. 
I join my colleagues and urge the ad-
ministration to finalize the pending regulation. We cannot wait another day. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. JIM SAMPSON 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor an illustrious individual in both Oregon and the Nation’s HIV/AIDS re-search and treatment community who passed away on October 4 of this year. Dr. Jim Sampson, while born a Georgia southerner, made Portland, OR, his home for the past 36 years. As a father, husband, brother, uncle, and friend, Jim generated an inclusive atmosphere of passion, love, and laughter wherever he went. As a medical doctor and a fer-vent leader in the fight against HIV/ AIDS through research and treat-ments, Jim brought hope and compas-sion to his daily interactions with col-leagues and patients alike. For Jim, no person or job was too big or too small to embrace. 
In 1979, after Jim graduated from 
Emory University and the Medical Col-lege of Georgia, he moved to Portland to become the medical director of the health services division and the HIV/ AIDS program at Multnomah County Health Department. At a time when a lack of public education and stig-matization of HIV/AIDS stymied re-search in America, Jim fought to build a greater understanding of the disease. Because of Jim’s desire to see HIV/ AIDS prevention and treatment im-prove through extensive research and because of the way he showed love and hope in his interactions with his pa-tients, Jim helped push the doors open wide in the fight against HIV/AIDS. 
Over the years, Jim expanded his in-
volvement in the community and the field of HIV/AIDS research and treat-ment. He would go on to become the chairman of the Oregon Board of Med-ical Examiners; cofound the Oregon 
AIDS taskforce; cofound Art AIDS; and sit as executive director and principal investigator at the Research and Edu-cation Group, where Jim and his col-leagues conducted clinical research. Jim even managed to find time to serve on the board of trustees for the Port-land Institute for Contemporary Art and the Pacific Northwest College of Art. Also, over the past 35 years, both Jim and his husband, Geof Beasley, created an unbelievable Sherwood, OR, garden, Bella Madrona, a place where Jim’s love of community, advocacy, and family still live on. The Bella Madrona garden has been nationally and internationally recognized, not only for its remarkable beauty, but as the site for many benefits through the years, including human and animal rights, environmental causes, and the arts. 
Jim was a valued and loved leader, a 
healer, and a family man worthy of emulation. With a full and loving heart and an ambitious mindset, Jim self-lessly served Oregon and the Nation. While Jim will be remembered by those whose lives he touched, he will espe-cially be remembered as a loving hus-band and partner of 47 years to Geof Beasley; dedicated father to daughter Adele; and caring brother to sisters, Miriam Tillman and Elizabeth Martin, and brother, George. I honor the es-teemed life and career of Dr. Jim Sampson and thank him for his endur-ing legacy. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 40TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE SKANNER NEWS GROUP 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this year 
marks the 40th anniversary of the Skanner News Group, a renowned print and online news publication that serves African and African-American commu-nities in Portland, OR, and the North-west. 
Since 1975, the Skanner News Group 
has provided in-depth and essential coverage of its community as it relates to politics, social justice, civil rights, art, and food, all while holding true to its mission statement: ‘‘Challenging people to shape a better future now.’’ The Skanner certainly has been a cata-lyst for change. In the late 1980s, it was the Skanner’s coverage of the debate to rename Union Avenue in Northeast Portland for Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard that played a crucial role in ensuring the community’s request was fulfilled. Whether it is honoring minor-ity-owned businesses or running pro-files on the Black Lives Matter move-ment, the Skanner is there to cover and inform all of us in Portland about the most important issues and topics of our time. 
The Skanner’s long list of awards is a 
testament not just to the importance of this publication, but also the quality of its reporting. It has received mul-tiple National Newspaper Publishers Association awards and is a three-time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.040 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7589 October 28, 2015 
winner of the West Coast Black Pub-
lishers Association’s ‘‘Publisher of the Year’’ award. As well as the national recognitions are local well-earned ac-colades that further demonstrate what the Skanner means to readers across the Northwest. 
Behind the success of this historic 
publication is a hard-working team that has been instrumental in building the Skanner these past four decades and positioning it for success for dec-ades to come. I would like to especially acknowledge cofounders Bobbie and Bernie Foster, two people I consider the heart and soul of this operation. Beyond the publication, they created the Skanner Foundation, which runs a scholarship program that awards $1,000 each to the best and brightest young people to help them accomplish their educational goals. Bobbie and Bernie’s passion for giving back is a key compo-nent of what makes them and the Skanner so special. 
In addition to all this great work, the 
foundation organizes an annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., breakfast that is renowned in Oregon as being an event that justly honors one of the greatest civil rights leaders of our time. I have been privileged to attend the breakfast and know full well what a huge impact it has. 
The Skanner News Group is an insti-
tution that serves to better our com-munity, by inspiring, uplifting, and in-forming. I would like to congratulate the staff on reaching their 40th anni-versary and wish them the best in the years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
CONGRATULATING DICK 
ANDERSON 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Anderson on receiving the United Serv-ice Organization, USO, Volunteer of the Year award. USO Las Vegas proud-ly offers two locations within McCarran International Airport for our Nation’s servicemembers and their families to relax and feel at home. Open 24 hours and staffed by volunteers like Mr. Anderson, each location offers these brave men and women a place to enjoy free electronic stations, enter-tainment, and food service. I am grate-ful for all USO Las Vegas does for Ne-vada’s servicemembers, and it gives me great pleasure to see a fellow Nevadan, Mr. Anderson, receive this national award in recognition for volunteering to make this operation a reality. 
Mr. Anderson has been an incredible 
contributor to this organization, dedi-cating countless volunteer hours to help military families. He serves as volunteer outreach team leader and welcome home/deployment assist team leader. Throughout the past year, USO Las Vegas has undergone great change with the installment of an additional location at McCarran International Airport. During this time, Mr. Ander-
son offered a great amount of support to the organization and even created the volunteer outreach team to meet the extra need for volunteers at the new location. 
Throughout his time volunteering, 
Mr. Anderson has worked tirelessly to plan numerous events, recruit volun-teers, and further expand the organiza-tion. His determination has proven to be successful, helping to bring in more than 500 new volunteers since July 2014. From Easter events to fundraising and recruiting, Mr. Anderson has truly put our military community first. Our State is fortunate to have someone like Mr. Anderson—a man of great selfless-ness and commitment—working to help our Nation’s heroes and their families. 
There is no way to adequately thank 
our servicemembers who put their lives on the line in defense of our freedoms. Mr. Anderson is a shining example of the manner in which we should respect our men and women in uniform. He deeply cares for our veterans, working to make each moment he volunteers count. Without a doubt, his work brings greater happiness to Las Vegas’ military community. 
Today, I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing all of Mr. Anderson’s hard work and con-gratulating him on receiving this much deserved award. Nevada is lucky to have this incredible community mem-ber working to support our military men and women, and I wish him the best of luck in all of his future endeav-ors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARCH FARM 
∑Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I wish 
to congratulate March Farm, a fourth generation family farm from Con-necticut, on its 100-year anniversary. Since 1915, when Thomas and Rose Marchukaitis put down $2,500 to buy 114 acres of land, the March family has worked hard to produce delicious and healthy fruits and vegetables for the people of Connecticut. 
March Farm, like many of Connecti-
cut’s nearly 6,000 farms, is small and family owned. Situated in beautiful Bethlehem, CT, they have a growing community supported agriculture busi-ness that now has about 90 members re-ceiving regular crates of produce. They have worked hard to implement effi-cient, modern farming practices, even as they eschew chemical pesticides and use environmentally sensitive pest mangagement practices. These prac-tices and the bucolic setting they are located in are part of the reason they were recently named Connecticut’s ‘‘best farm/orchard experience’’ by Con-necticut Magazine. 
Many of my colleagues may be sur-
prised to think of Connecticut as a farming state, but I am glad to report that farming is alive, well, and growing at home. The movement towards lo-cally produced fruits and vegetables and a growing awareness among con-sumers about healthy, sustainable food 
choices has supported a nearly 60 per-cent increase in the number of farms in Connecticut since the 1980s. And many young people, like Ben March, are leav-ing desk jobs to rediscover the fulfil-ment of farming, reinvigorating this vital sector. 
These farms are an integral part of 
the fabric of our communities, but they need our help to continue to thrive. Al-though small farms like March Farm make up fully 90 percent of all farms in the United States, large operations ac-count for the vast bulk of production and sales of produce nationwide. Small family farms face a number of chal-lenges, not least slimmer profit mar-gins and higher risk. I will continue to fight for small, local farm supports such as beginning farmer and rancher grants and robust farm safety net pro-grams. 
March Farm is an example of the 
best of Connecticut, and I wish them continued success over their next 100 years. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ARROWROCK DAM 
∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the 100th anniversary of Arrowrock Dam, situated in the great State of Idaho and its own ‘‘eighth wonder of the world.’’ This landmark is a testament to the vision and hard work of the U.S. Bureau of Reclama-tion in both the initial building of the structure and keeping it operational over the past 100 years. 
Formerly, the site of a private irriga-
tion venture helmed by Arthur De Wint Foote, the Arrowrock Dam was the grandest project undertaken by the Bu-reau of Reclamation when it began in 1912. The dam stands at 350 feet high and spans 1,150 feet with a record breaking 527,300 cubic yards of concrete laid on the dam. 
The magnificent dam was dedicated 
100 years ago on October 4, 1915. It set many records, standing as the tallest dam in the world until a taller one was built in Switzerland in 1924. Arrowrock proved to be a popular tourist attrac-tion in that first year, drawing ap-proximately 12,000 visitors in its first week of operation. The Arrowrock Dam received acclaim from across the coun-try and even the world. 
Arrowrock Dam has allowed Ida-
hoans to not only preserve our lands, but also thrive by providing needed ir-rigation water for agricultural uses. Caring for the land shows a commit-ment to future generations while using the resources provided for the needs of today. In addition, thousands of people a year enjoy the many recreational ac-tivities provided by the dam. We have enjoyed 100 years of protection from Arrowrock, and I look forward to con-tinued improvement of the dam and its service to the people of Boise and other Idahoans. 
I congratulate everyone involved in 
its building, as well as the continued maintenance of this landmark. I wish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.038 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7590 October 28, 2015 
them all the best as we all celebrate 
the past and look ahead to the future of Arrowrock Dam. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO THE CON-
TINUATION OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY RELATIVE TO THE ACTIONS AND POLICIES OF THE GOVERNMENT OF SUDAN AS DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13067 OF NOVEMBER 3, 1997—PM 30 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Sudan is to continue in effect beyond November 3, 2015. 
The crisis constituted by the actions 
and policies of the Government of Sudan that led to the declaration of a national emergency in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997, and the ex-pansion of that emergency in Execu-tive Order 13400 of April 26, 2006, and with respect to which additional steps were taken in Executive Order 13412 of October 13, 2006, has not been resolved. These actions and policies continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States. There-fore, I have determined that it is nec-essary to continue the national emer-gency declared in Executive Order 13067 with respect to Sudan. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 28, 2015. MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:32 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 597. An act to reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1090. An act to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes. 
At 5:56 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1090. An act to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 597. An act to reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3319. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Fresh Peppers From Ecuador Into the United States’’ ((RIN0579–AE07) (Docket No. APHIS–2014–0086)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–3320. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of three (3) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–3321. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3322. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
report of a rule entitled ‘‘Acquisition Regu-lations: Export Control’’ (RIN1991–AB99) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3323. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Special Regulations, Areas of the Na-tional Park System, Klondike Gold Rush Na-tional Historical Park, Horse Management’’ (RIN1024–AE27) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3324. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Expiration Date for State Disability Examiner Authority To Make Fully Favorable Quick Disability De-terminations and Compassionate Allowance Determinations’’ (RIN0960–AH77) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3325. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Supplement to Rev. Proc. 2014–64, Implementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–50) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3326. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates—November 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–22) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3327. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update for Weight-ed Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–71) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 23, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3328. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Morehouse v. Com-missioner, 769 F.3d 616 (8th Cir. 2014), rev’g 140 T.C. 350 (2013)’’ received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3329. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Request for Com-ments on Definitions of Section 48 Property’’ (Notice 2015–70) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3330. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2015 National Pool’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.006 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7591 October 28, 2015 
(Rev. Proc. 2015–49) received during adjourn-
ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3331. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing Notice— Basket Option Contracts’’ (Notice 2015–73) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3332. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1702); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3333. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1700); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3334. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1701); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3335. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certifi-cation of the proposed sale or export of de-fense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–1703); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3336. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–068); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3337. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–090); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3338. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–079); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3339. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–078); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3340. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–076); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3341. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–055); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3342. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–067); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3343. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–012); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3344. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; OR; Portland, Medford, Salem; Clackamas, Multnomah, Washington Counties; Gasoline Dispensing Facilities’’ (FRL No. 9936–03–Region 10) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3345. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Arizona; Phased Dis-continuation of Stage II Vapor Recovery Program’’ (FRL No. 9935–66–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3346. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Florida; Regional Haze Plan Amendment-Lakeland Electric C.D. McIntosh’’ (FRL No. 9936–05–Region 4) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3347. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans for Designated Facili-ties; New York’’ (FRL No. 9936–09–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3348. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Outer Continental Shelf Air Regula-tions Consistency Update for Maryland’’ (FRL No. 9917–72–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3349. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Partial Approval and Partial Dis-approval of Air Quality State Implementa-tion Plans; Nevada; Infrastructure Require-ments for Ozone, NO2 and SO2’’ (FRL No. 9935–82–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–3350. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Valuing and Paying Bene-fits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3351. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
on D.C. Act 21–165, ‘‘Behavioral Health Co-ordination of Care Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3352. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–166, ‘‘Unemployment Profile Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3353. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–167, ‘‘Injured Worker Fair Pay Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3354. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–168, ‘‘Grandparent Caregivers Program Subsidy Transfer Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3355. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–169, ‘‘1351 Nicholson Street, N.W., Old Brightwood School Lease Amend-ment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3356. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 21–170, ‘‘4095 Minnesota Avenue, N.E., Woodson School Lease Amendment Act of 2015’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3357. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Employee Services, Office of Per-sonnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pre-vailing Rate Systems; Special Wage Sched-ules for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Flood Control Employees of the Vicksburg District in Mississippi’’ (RIN3206–AN17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3358. A communication from the Archi-
vist of the United States, National Archives and Records Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Ad-ministration’s Fiscal Year 2015 Commercial Activities Inventory and Inherently Govern-mental Activities Inventory; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3359. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Indian Health Service, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Change of Address for the Interior Board of Indian Appeals’’ (42 CFR Part 137) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on In-dian Affairs. 
EC–3360. A communication from the Fed-
eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Changes to Facilitate Applicant’s Au-thorization of Access to Unpublished U.S. Patent Applications by Foreign Intellectual Property Offices’’ (RIN0651–AC95) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2015; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
EC–3361. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Man-agement Area’’ (RIN0648–XE224) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.013 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7592 October 28, 2015 
EC–3362. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, 
and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2015 Recreational Account-ability Measure and Closure for Red Group-er’’ (RIN0648–XE217) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3363. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; ‘Other Rockfish’ in the Central and Western Regulatory Areas of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE213) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3364. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Exchange of Flatfish in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE224) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 22, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce , Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3365. A communication from the Senior 
Assistant Chief Counsel for Hazmat Safety Law, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safe-ty Administration, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazardous Materials: Special Permit and Approvals Standard Op-erating Procedures and Evaluation Process’’ (RIN2137–AE99) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3366. A communication from the Regu-
latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘General Technical, Organizational, Conforming, and Correcting Amendments to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations’’ (RIN2126– AB83) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3367. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, Federal Highway Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Design Standards for Highways’’ (RIN2125–AF67) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3368. A communication from the Chair-
man, National Transportation Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Organization and Functions of the Board and Delegations of Authority’’ (RIN3147–AA03) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 26, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3369. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Canada Corp. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1059)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3370. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Canada Corp. Turboprop Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0486)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3371. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Viking Air Limited (Type Certificate Previously Held by Bombardier, Inc.) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0684)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3372. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1046)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3373. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0277)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3374. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lockheed Martin Corpora-tion/Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1419)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3375. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lockheed Martin Corpora-tion/Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0493)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3376. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lycoming Engines Fuel In-jected Reciprocating Engines’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2007–0218)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-
fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3377. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc.’’ 
((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–4085)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3378. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2008–0808)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3379. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turboprop Engines (Type Certificate pre-viously held by AlliedSignal Inc., Garrett Engine Division; Garrett Turbine Engine Company; and AiResearch Manufacturing Company of Arizona)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2012–0913)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3380. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Gulfstream Aerospace Cor-poration Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0677)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3381. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0934)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3382. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3877)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3383. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ’’ Air-worthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0656)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3384. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.015 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7593 October 28, 2015 
AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–4203)) received 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3385. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2015–3981)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3386. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Schempp-Hirth Flugzeugbau GmbH Sailplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3224)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3387. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2012–0108)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3388. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of Restricted Areas R–3601A and R– 3601B; Brookville, KS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3780)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3389. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Modifica-tion of Restricted Areas R–3602A and R– 3602B; Manhattan, KS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3758)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3390. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ’’ Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Springfield, MO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0559)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3391. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Sheridan, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1338)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3392. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Cottonwood, AZ’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–2270)) 
received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3393. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Marshall, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–1833)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3394. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Newport, NH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0037)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3395. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Ponce, PR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0967)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3396. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Nebraska towns: Albion, NE; Bassett, NE; Lexington, NE’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0841)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3397. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class D Airspace; Springfield, OH’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1071)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3398. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Ashland, VA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0252)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3399. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the following Iowa towns: Audubon, IA; Corning, IA; Cresco, IA; Eagle Grove, IA; Guthrie Center, IA; Hampton, IA; Harlan, IA; Iowa Falls, IA; Knoxville, IA; Oelwein, IA; and Red Oak, IA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0368)) received during adjournment of the Senate 
in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3400. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Stock-ton, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–1622)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3401. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-
ment of Class D and Class E Airspace, Rev-ocation of Class E Airspace; Mountain Home, ID’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015– 1136)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3402. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference Amendments’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3375)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–101. A resolution adopted by the 
House of Representatives of the State of Michigan urging the United States Congress and the United States Department of the Army to accelerate federal funding to im-prove military vehicle safety from rollover accidents; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
H
OUSE RESOLUTION NO. 156 
Whereas, The United States Department of 
Defense is seeking to implement fleet man-agement and modernization solutions to meet light tactical vehicle (LTV) require-ments while addressing the challenges asso-ciated with improving safety, restoring threshold capabilities, maintaining average fleet age, mitigating major component obso-lescence, and reducing sustainment and oper-ating costs; and 
Whereas, The Michigan National Guard 
and Michigan military community have been and will continue to utilize the high mobil-ity multipurpose wheeled vehicle (HMMWV) in their missions to support and protect the United States. Non-armored and up-armored HMMWVs are projected to be in the fleet through 2048; and 
Whereas, Preventable deadly rollover acci-
dents continue in the HMMWV fleet. Data from the U.S. Army Combat Readiness Safe-ty Center indicates that a significant num-ber of HMMWV rollover accidents and crash-es continue today, resulting in death and in-jury. Accidents occur outside the United States and also within U.S. borders during peace missions and training exercises, en-dangering the lives and property of civilians as well; and 
Whereas, National Highway Traffic Safety 
Administration report data indicates that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.017 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7594 October 28, 2015 
antilock brake systems (ABS) and electronic 
stability control (ESC) reduce fatal rollovers by 74 percent and fatal impacts with objects by 45.5 percent. The United States govern-ment has mandated ABS and ESC in all road-going passenger vehicles since 2011, and they are now standard equipment on all pas-senger cars, light trucks, and vans. The tech-nology has been available to the public since 1987; and 
Whereas, The HMMWV is not currently 
equipped with ABS or ESC. The HMMWV threshold operational requirements include ABS and ESC for the entire HMMWV fleet. Therefore, these vehicles need to be brought up to operational requirements; and 
Whereas, The Army Product Director 
Light Tactical Vehicles, the Michigan Na-tional Guard, and the industry have success-fully developed and tested solutions using commercial off-the-shelf components modi-fied for defense vehicle application. The proven components, obtained from Michi-gan’s high-volume automotive supply base, can be used to retrofit the entire fleet; and 
Whereas, Installation of these standard 
automotive safety enhancement systems will considerably lower the number of HMMWV rollovers and loss-of-control crashes, save lives, and reduce costs; now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the House of Representatives , 
That we urge the United States Congress and the U.S. Department of the Army to accel-erate federal funding to improve military ve-hicle safety from rollover accidents; and be it further 
Resolved , That copies of this resolution be 
transmitted to the President of the United States Senate; the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives; the Chair-man of the United States Senate Armed Services Committee; the Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee; the Chairman of the Senate Appropriations Sub-committee for Defense; the Chairman of the House Appropriations Subcommittee for De-fense; the Under Secretary of the Army; the Commandant of the Marine Corps; the Chief of the National Guard Bureau; the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Lo-gistics, and Technology; and the members of the Michigan congressional delegation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 2212. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to require all po-litical committees to notify the Federal Election Commission within 48 hours of re-ceiving cumulative contributions of $1,000 or more from any contributor during a calendar year, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
REED, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 2213. A bill to prohibit firearms dealers 
from selling a firearm prior to the comple-tion of a background check; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. 
W
ARREN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. B ROWN , 
and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 2214. A bill to amend the Federal Food, 
Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require patient medication information to be provided with certain prescription drugs; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. T HUNE , and 
Mr. R OBERTS ): 
S. 2215. A bill to prohibit discretionary bo-
nuses for employees of the Internal Revenue Service who have engaged in misconduct or who have delinquent tax liability; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL ): 
S. 2216. A bill to provide immunity from 
suit for certain individuals who disclose po-tential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. 
KAINE): 
S. Res. 299. A resolution honoring the life, 
legacy, and example of former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on the twentieth an-niversary of his death; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. U DALL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. L EE, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
MORAN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. T ESTER , 
Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. Res. 300. A resolution designating No-
vember 7, 2015, as National Bison Day; con-sidered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 398 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 398, a bill to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the pro-vision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Vet-erans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and serv-ices, and for other purposes. 
S. 451 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
451, a bill to award grants to encourage State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and schools to uti-lize technology to improve student achievement and college and career readiness, the skills of teachers and school leaders, and the efficiency and productivity of education systems at all levels. 
S. 488 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
488, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to allow physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pul-
monary rehabilitation programs. 
S. 569 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
569, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from Nevada (Mr. R EID) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 928, a bill to reauthor-ize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1192 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1192, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to raise awareness of, and to educate breast cancer patients anticipating surgery, especially patients who are members of racial and ethnic minority groups, re-garding the availability and coverage of breast reconstruction, prostheses, and other options. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating vi-olence from emotional and psycho-logical trauma caused by acts of vio-lence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1617 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1617, a bill to prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other in-stitutions, and for other purposes. 
At the request of Mr. H
ELLER , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1617, supra. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.026 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7595 October 28, 2015 
S. 1726 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1726, a bill to create protec-tions for depository institutions that provide financial services to mari-juana-related businesses, and for other purposes. 
S. 1773 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1773, a bill to amend title 11, United States Code, to require credi-tors to inform consumer reporting agencies that certain debts have been discharged in bankruptcy cases. 
S. 1789 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1789, a bill to improve defense coopera-tion between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1852 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1852, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to en-sure health insurance coverage con-tinuity for former foster youth. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1890, a bill to amend chap-ter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1915 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1915, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1966 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1966, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to require alternative op-tions for program delivery. 
S. 2035 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. BROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2035, a bill to provide for the compensa-tion of Federal employees affected by a lapse in appropriations. 
S. 2040 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2040, a bill to deter ter-rorism, provide justice for victims, and for other purposes. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or condi-tions of employment and to provide for stronger remedies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2067 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2067, a bill to establish EUREKA Prize Competitions to accelerate dis-covery and development of disease- modifying, preventive, or curative treatments for Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, to encourage efforts to enhance detection and diagnosis of such diseases, or to enhance the qual-ity and efficiency of care of individuals with such diseases. 
S. 2104 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2104, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide relief to Medicare Advantage plans with a sig-nificant number of dually eligible or low-income subsidy beneficiaries and to prevent the termination of two star plans. 
S. 2133 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2133, a bill to improve Federal agency financial and adminis-trative controls and procedures to as-sess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ development and use of data analytics for the pur-pose of identifying, preventing, and re-sponding to fraud, including improper payments. 
S. 2145 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2145, a bill to make supplemental ap-propriations for fiscal year 2016. 
S. 2185 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ), the Senator 
from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ), the 
Senator from Washington (Mrs. M UR-
RAY), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ), the Senator from Mis-
souri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Senator 
from California (Mrs. B OXER ), and the 
Senator from Alaska (Ms. M URKOWSKI ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 2185, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer. 
S. 2192 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2192, a bill to ensure that States submit all records of individuals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm to the national instant crimi-nal background check system. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mrs. M CCASKILL ): 
S. 2216. A bill to provide immunity 
from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, as 
Chairman of the Senate Aging Com-mittee, I am delighted to be joined today by my ranking member and good friend, Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , in 
introducing the Senior$afe Act of 2015, a bill that would put in place a com-mon sense plan to help protect Amer-ican seniors from financial fraud. 
According to the GAO, financial 
fraud targeting older Americans is a growing epidemic that costs seniors an estimated $2.9 billion annually. 
Protecting seniors from financial ex-
ploitation and fraud is one of the top priorities of the Aging Committee. Over the course of the past two and a half years, our Committee has held 15 hearings, six since January, examining how fraudsters find and exploit their victims and what can be done to stop them. The frauds we have highlighted have ranged from the infamous ‘‘Ja-maican Lottery Scam,’’ that reached its height in 2013, to the notorious IRS phone scam that burst onto the scene this spring, and, more recently, to the shady practices of the pension advance industry. Sadly, not all scammers are strangers to their victims, in too many cases, the senior is exploited by some-one he or she knows well. 
Although the various scams we have 
examined differ in scope and structure, one factor is common to all—the fraudsters need to gain the trust and active cooperation of their victims. Without this, their schemes would fail. That is why it is so important that sen-iors recognize as quickly as possible the red flags that signal potential fraud. 
Unfortunately, many seniors do not 
see these red flags. Sometimes they are too trusting or are suffering from di-minished capacity, but, just as often, they miss the flags because the swin-dlers who prey on them are extremely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.022 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7596 October 28, 2015 
crafty and know how to sound con-
vincing. Whatever the reason, a warn-ing sign that can slip by a victim might trigger a second look by finan-cial service representatives trained to spot common scams, who know enough about a senior’s habits to question a transaction that doesn’t look right. In our work on the Aging Committee, we have heard of many instances where quick action by bank and credit union employees, broker-dealers, and invest-ment advisors has stopped a fraud in progress, saving their customers untold thousands of dollars. 
Let me give you an example. Earlier 
this year, a senior citizen in Vassalboro, ME, was looking to wire funds from his account at Maine Sav-ings Federal Credit Union to an out-of- state location, supposedly to bail out a relative who was in jail. Something about this transaction didn’t sound right to the teller supervisor at the credit union. She questioned the cus-tomer, who told her he had gotten a call from an ‘‘official’’ at the jail, who had instructed him not to speak to anyone about the transaction. Fortu-nately for this senior citizen, this su-pervisor was able to spot this as a scam, and her quick thinking saved him from falling victim to it. 
In another case, just two weeks ago, 
an alert bank employee in Nebraska noticed suspicious withdrawals from the checking account of a senior cit-izen who was a customer of the bank. Not knowing what to do, and without sharing confidential information, this bank teller called the Senate Aging Committee’s fraud hotline for guid-ance. Our staff advised her to contact the local Area Agency on Aging. With the Senior$afe program in place, bank tellers all over the country will know how to respond when situations like this arise in the future. 
Regrettably, Federal laws with the 
important intention of protecting con-sumer privacy can make it difficult for financial institutions to report sus-pected fraud to the proper authorities. 
Our bill would clarify these laws to 
encourage banks, credit unions, invest-ment advisors, and broker-dealers to report suspected financial fraud tar-geting senior citizens to regulators, law enforcement, or adult protective services agencies. 
A key feature of the bill is the liabil-
ity protection it provides: financial in-stitutions and their employees are pro-tected from suit so long as employees are trained in how to spot and report suspected financial exploitation; their reports are made in good faith and on a reasonable basis, and they report to the proper authorities. 
Our bill is based on Maine’s innova-
tive Senior$afe program, a collabo-rative effort by Maine’s regulators, fi-nancial institutions, and legal organi-zations to educate bank and credit union employees on how to identify and help stop financial exploitation of older Mainers. This program, pioneered by Maine Securities Administrator Ju-dith Shaw, also serves as the template 
for model legislation developed for adoption at the state level by the North American Securities Adminis-trators Association, or ‘‘NASAA’’. The Senior$afe Act and NASAA’s model State legislation are complementary efforts, and I am pleased that NASAA has endorsed our bill. 
Combating financial abuse of seniors 
requires regulators, law enforcement, and social service agencies at all levels of government to work collaboratively with the private sector. Financial in-stitutions occupy a critical nexus be-tween fraudsters and their victims, and can play an important role. Their em-ployees, if properly trained, can be a first line of defense protecting our sen-iors from these fraudsters. The Senior$afe Act encourages financial in-stitutions to train their employees, and shields them from lawsuits when they make good faith, reasonable re-ports of potential fraud to the proper authorities. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NORTH AMERICAN SECURITIES  
ADMINISTRATORS ASSOCIATION , INC., 
Washington, DC, October 27, 2015. 
Re The Senior$afe Act of 2015. 
Senator S USAN COLLINS , 
Chairman, Senate Special Committee on Aging, 
Washington DC. 
Senator C LAIRE MCCASKILL , 
Ranking Member, Senate Special Committee on 
Aging, Washington DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN COLLINS AND RANKING  
MEMBER MCCASKILL : On behalf of the North 
American Securities Administrators Asso-ciation (‘‘NASAA’’), I’m writing to express strong support for your work to better pro-tect vulnerable adults from financial exploi-tation through the introduction of the Senior$afe Act of 2015. Your legislation will better protect seniors by increasing the like-lihood that financial exploitation targeting the elderly will be identified by financial services professionals, and by removing bar-riers that might otherwise frustrate the re-porting of such exploitation to state securi-ties regulators and other appropriate govern-mental authorities. 
Senior financial exploitation is a difficult 
but critical policy challenge. Many in our el-derly population are vulnerable due to social isolation and distance from family, care-giver, and other support networks. Indeed, evidence suggests that as many as one out of every five citizens over the age of 65 has been victimized by a financial fraud. To be suc-cessful in combating senior financial exploi-tation, state and federal policymakers must come together to weave a new safety net for our elderly, breaking down barriers to iden-tify those who are best positioned to identify red flags early on and to encourage reporting and referrals to appropriate local, county, state, and federal agencies, including law en-forcement. 
As you know, state securities regulators, 
working within the framework of NASAA, are in the late-stages of our own concerted effort to bolster protections for elderly in-vestors at risk of exploitation, including through the development of model legisla-tion to be enacted by states to promote re-porting of suspected exploitation. While the 
approaches contemplated by the recently an-nounced NASAA model legislation and the Senior$afe Act differ in some respects, they are complementary efforts, both undertaken with the shared goal of protecting seniors by increasing the detection and reporting of el-derly financial exploitation. 
The SeniorSafe Act consists of several es-
sential features. First, to promote and en-courage reporting of suspected elderly finan-cial exploitation by financial services profes-sionals, who are positioned to identify and report ‘‘red flags’’ of potential exploitation, the bill would incentivize financial services employees to report any suspected exploi-tation by making them immune from any civil or administrative liability arising from such a report, provided that they exercised due care, and that they make these reports in good faith. Second, in order to better as-sure that financial services employees have the knowledge and training they require to identify ‘‘red flags’’ associated with financial exploitation, the bill would require that, as a condition of receiving immunity, financial institutions undertake to train certain per-sonnel regarding the identification and re-porting of senior financial exploitation as soon as practicable, or within one year. Under the bill, employees who would be re-quired to receive such training as a condi-tion of immunity include supervisory per-sonnel; employees who come into contact with a senior citizen as a regular part of their duties; and employees who review or approve the financial documents, records, or transactions of senior citizens as a part of their regular duties. 
The benefits of the types of reporting that 
the Senior$afe Act aims to facilitate and en-
courage are far-reaching. Elderly Americans stand to benefit directly from such report-ing, because early detection and reporting can minimize their financial losses from ex-ploitation, and because improved protection of their finances ultimately helps preserve their financial independence and their per-sonal autonomy. Financial institutions stand to benefit, as well, through preserva-tion of their reputation, increased commu-nity recognition, increased employee satis-faction, and decreased uninsured losses. 
In conclusion, state securities regulators 
congratulate you for introducing the Senior$afe Act of 2015. We share and support the goals of this legislation, and look for-ward to working closely with you as the leg-islation is considered by the Senate. 
Sincerely, 
J
UDITH M. S HAW, 
NASAA President 
and Maine Securities Administrator. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 299—HON-
ORING THE LIFE, LEGACY, AND EXAMPLE OF FORMER ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER YITZHAK RABIN ON THE TWENTIETH AN-NIVERSARY OF HIS DEATH 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. K AINE) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 299 
Whereas Yitzhak Rabin was born on March 
1, 1922, in Jerusalem; 
Whereas Yitzhak Rabin volunteered for the 
Palmach, the elite unit of the Haganah, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28OC6.047 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7597 October 28, 2015 
predecessor of the Israeli Defense Forces, 
and served for 27 years, including during the 1948 War of Independence, the 1956 Suez War, and as Chief of Staff in the June 1967 Six Day War; 
Whereas Yitzhak Rabin served as Ambas-
sador to the United States from 1968 through 1973, Minister of Defense from 1984 through 1990, and Prime Minister from 1974 through 1977 and from 1992 until his assassination in 1995; 
Whereas, in 1975, Prime Minister Yitzhak 
Rabin signed the interim agreement with Egypt that laid the groundwork for the 1979 Camp David Peace Treaty between Israel and Egypt; 
Whereas on September 13, 1993, in Wash-
ington, D.C., Yitzhak Rabin signed the Dec-laration of Principles framework agreement between Israel and the Palestinians, also known as the Oslo Accords; 
Whereas, upon the signing of the Declara-
tion of Principles, Yitzhak Rabin said to the Palestinian people: ‘‘We say to you today in a loud and clear voice: Enough of blood and tears. Enough! We harbor no hatred toward you. We have no desire for revenge. We, like you, are people who want to build a home, plant a tree, love, live side by side with you—in dignity, empathy, as human beings, as free men.’’; 
Whereas Yitzhak Rabin received the 1994 
Nobel Peace Prize for his vision and bravery as a peacemaker; 
Whereas, on October 26, 1994, Yitzhak 
Rabin and King Hussein of Jordan signed a peace treaty between Israel and Jordan; 
Whereas, on November 4, 1995, Yitzhak 
Rabin was assassinated after attending a peace rally in Tel Aviv, where his last words were: ‘‘I have always believed that the ma-jority of the people want peace, are prepared to take risks for peace. . . Peace is what the Jewish People aspire to.’’; 
Whereas Yitzhak Rabin dedicated his life 
to the cause of peace and security for the state of Israel by defending his nation against all threats, including terrorism and invasion, and undertaking courageous risks in the pursuit of peace; 
Whereas, in the years following Yitzhak 
Rabin’s assassination, successive United States Administrations have sought to help 
Israel and the Palestinians achieve a nego-tiated two-state solution that ends their conflict; 
Whereas today Israel and the Palestinian 
territories are the site of renewed terrorism and violence; 
Whereas the continuation and deepening of 
the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in the ab-sence of progress toward a two-state solution has contributed to suffering among both peo-ples, including being one of several factors driving the current terrorism and violence in Israel and the Palestinian territories; and 
Whereas today, more than ever, the leader-
ship of Yitzhak Rabin can be a model for se-curing peace during a time of conflict: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) commemorates the life and accomplish-
ments of Yitzhak Rabin and extends its deep-est sympathy and condolences to his family and the people of Israel on the twentieth an-niversary of his death; 
(2) recognizes and reiterates its continued 
support for the close ties and special rela-tionship between the people and Govern-ments of the United States and Israel; 
(3) reaffirms its commitment to the proc-
ess of building a just and lasting peace be-tween Israel and the Palestinians based on two states for two peoples, living side-by- side in peace and security; and 
(4) calls on Israeli and Palestinian leaders 
to quell the current outbreak of terrorism and violence, and to resume work toward a negotiated two-state solution ending the 
conflict once and for all. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. President, I rise 
today to submit a resolution recog-nizing the 20th anniversary of the as-sassination of Yitzhak Rabin. 
On November 4, 1995, after a major 
peace rally, then-Prime Minister Rabin was gunned-down by an Israeli nation-alist. Rabin’s brutal assassination ended the life of a man who lived for peace. 
Today, with renewed terrorism and 
violence in Israel and the Palestinian territories, leaders should look to the example of Mr. Rabin, who forged peace against long odds. His assassin may have ended his life, but his message must live on. 
During Mr. Rabin’s first term as 
Israel’s Prime Minister, he laid the foundation for peace with Egypt by concluding the Sinai Interim Agree-ment on September 1, 1975. 
The eventual 1979 Camp David Peace 
Treaty officially ended hostilities be-tween the two nations. Importantly, Egypt became the first Arab state to recognize Israel. Today, because of Mr. Rabin’s work, Egypt and Israel remain at peace. 
During Mr. Rabin’s second term as 
Prime Minister, he continued to seek peace with Israel’s neighbors. He led the effort to sign the Oslo Accords, which created the Palestinian Author-ity, and which serves as a framework for the creation of a Palestinian state today. 
For their efforts, Mr. Rabin, Yasir 
Arafat and Shimon Peres won the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize. 
That same year, Israel and Jordan 
also signed a peace treaty, making Jor-dan the second Arab state to establish peace with Israel. 
On this, the twentieth anniversary of 
the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin, I offer my condolences to his family. May they continue to find solace in the legacy of a leader who sought peace when others sought war. 
May leaders all around the world 
look to him for inspiration on how to lead courageously and chart a more peaceful future for one’s people. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 300—DESIG-
NATING NOVEMBER 7, 2015, AS NATIONAL BISON DAY 
Mr. ENZI (for himself, Mr. D
ONNELLY , 
Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. U DALL , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. L EE, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. T HUNE , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. I NHOFE , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 300 
Whereas bison are considered a historical 
symbol of the United States; 
Whereas bison were integrally linked with 
the economic and spiritual lives of many In-dian tribes through trade and sacred cere-monies; Whereas there are more than 60 Indian 
tribes participating in the Intertribal Buf-falo Council; 
Whereas numerous members of Indian 
tribes are involved in bison restoration on tribal land; 
Whereas members of Indian tribes have a 
combined herd on more than 1,000,000 acres of tribal land; 
Whereas the Intertribal Buffalo Council is 
a tribal organization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorganization Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 477); 
Whereas bison can play an important role 
in improving the types of grasses found in landscapes to the benefit of grassland; 
Whereas a bison has been depicted on the 
official seal of the Department of the Inte-rior since 1912; 
Whereas bison hold significant economic 
value for private producers and rural com-munities; 
Whereas, as of 2012, the Department of Ag-
riculture estimates that 162,110 head of bison were under the stewardship of private pro-ducers, creating jobs, and contributing to the food security of the United States by providing a sustainable and healthy meat source; 
Whereas a bison is portrayed on 2 State 
flags; 
Whereas the bison has been adopted by 3 
States as the official mammal or animal of those States; 
Whereas the buffalo nickel played an im-
portant role in modernizing the currency of the United States; 
Whereas several sports teams have the 
bison as a mascot, which highlights the iconic significance of bison in the United States; 
Whereas a small group of ranchers helped 
save bison from extinction in the late 1800s by gathering the remaining bison of the di-minished herds; 
Whereas on December 8, 1905, William 
Hornaday, Theodore Roosevelt, and others formed the American Bison Society in re-sponse to the near extinction of bison in the United States; 
Whereas on October 11, 1907, the American 
Bison Society sent 15 bison to the first big 
game refuge in the United States, now known as the ‘‘Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge’’; 
Whereas in 2005, the American Bison Soci-
ety was reestablished, bringing together bison ranchers, managers from Indian tribes, Federal and State agencies, conservation or-ganizations, and natural and social scientists from the United States, Canada, and Mexico to create a vision for the North American bison in the 21st century; 
Whereas there are bison herds in National 
Wildlife Refuges and National Parks; 
Whereas there are bison in State-managed 
herds across 11 States; 
Whereas there is a growing effort to cele-
brate and officially recognize the historical, cultural, and economic significance of the North American bison to the heritage of the United States; and 
Whereas members of Indian tribes, bison 
producers, conservationists, sportsmen, edu-cators, and other public and private partners have participated in the annual National Bison Day since 2012 and are committed to continuing this tradition annually on the first Saturday of November: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates November 7, 2015, the first 
Saturday of November, as National Bison Day; and 
(2) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:23 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.031 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7598 October 28, 2015 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2750. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
SA 2751. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2750 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra. 
SA 2752. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 1314, supra. 
SA 2753. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2752 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra. 
SA 2754. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2753 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
2752 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2750. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2751. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2750 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 2752. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
‘‘This Act shall take effect 3 days after the 
date of enactment.’’ 
SA 2753. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2752 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’. 
SA 2754. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed 
an amendment to amendment SA 2753 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 2752 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 1314, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 28, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 28, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The U.S. Role and Strategy in the Middle East.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 28, 2015, at 3:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Nomina-tions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Oc-tober 28, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SH– 216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Retire-ment Plan Options for Small Busi-nesses.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 28, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the State of Our Nation’s Biodefense.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 28, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘VA Mental Health: Ensuring Access to Care’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SUBCOMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CONSUMER PROTECTION  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Protec-tion be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on October 28, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Rural Banking: Challenges and Consequences.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that my intern Bria Justus, who is participating in a shadow day, have privileges of the floor for the balance of the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND 
IDEALS OF NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 293. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 293) supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month, commending domes-tic violence victim advocates, domestic vio-lence victim service providers, crisis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their compassionate support of victims of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Con-gress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence and hold perpetrators of domestic violence accountable. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 293) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of October 22, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL BISON DAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 300, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.037 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7599 October 28, 2015 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 300) designating No-
vember 7, 2015, as National Bison Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 300) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 597 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the Export- 
Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, OCTOBER 
29, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, Octo-ber 29; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 1314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:41 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, October 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be rear admiral 
FRANCIS S. PELKOWSKI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(E): 
To be captain 
LADONN A. ALLEN 
AREX B. AVANNI DONALD E. BADER RICHARD L. BATES LANCE C. BELBEN GARY R. BOWEN MICHAEL E. BRANDHUBER STEPHEN BURDIAN MICHAEL E. CAMPBELL KEVIN M. CARROLL CHRISTOPHER M. CHASE KURT A. CLARKE DWIGHT E. COLLINS THOMAS F. COOPER DARCIE G. CUNNINGHAM RUSSELL E. DASH MICHAEL J. DAVANZO DAVID S. DEUEL MATTHEW J. FAY PATRICK M. FLYNN BRIAN C. GLANDER DOUGLAS D. GOODWIN JOHN P. GREGG JOHN L. HOLLINGSWORTH SCOTT A. KEISTER KEVIN M. KING MARC W. KNOWLTON BRIAN K. KOSHULSKY MATTHEW W. LAKE KRISTI M. LUTTRELL GREGORY H. MAGEE RYAN D. MANNING MICHAEL F. NASITKA ROBERT A. PHILLIPS CURTISS C. POTTER JOHN W. PRUITT THOMAS C. REMMERS JOHN G. RIVERS MONICA L. ROCHESTER WILLIAM E. SASSER, JR. PATRICK C. SCHREIBER JOSEPH H.D. SOLOMON GLENN D. STOCKS ERIC J. STORCH JOSEPH SUNDLAND JAMES P. SUTTON JASON P. TAMA PETER R. VAN NESS MARK VISLAY, JR. MARK R. VLAUN AARON E. WATERS BLAKE E. WELBORN ADRIAN L. WEST STEPHEN R. WHITE CRAIG J. WIESCHHORSTER JEFFREY V. YAROSH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD RESERVE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203(A): 
To be captain 
SHARIF A. ABDRABBO MICHAEL K. ARNOLD JOHN M. CARABALLO RONALD J. CATUDAL MICHAEL J. FERULLO EVAN J. GALBO JOHN J. GAROFOLO, JR. JILL I. LUMPKIN MATTHEW J. MCCANN DAVID A. MENCHACA PATRICIA J. QUINN JENNIFER A. TRAVERS WILBUR A. VELARDE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ARLEN R. ROYALTY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. KURT W. TIDD 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ALAN D. MURDOCK IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL’S CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
OLGA M. ANDERSON ROSEANNE M. BENNETT JOHN H. COOK JOHN A. HAMNER II TIMOTHY P. HAYES, JR. MAUREEN A. KOHN JULIE A. LONG ROBERT L. MANLEY III ANDRAS M. MARTON SEAN T. MCGARRY OREN H. MCKNELLY MICHAEL D. MIERAU, JR. RUSSELL N. PARSON TRAVIS L. ROGERS MICHAEL C. WONG ERIC W. YOUNG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JIMMY C. DAVIS, JR. CHARLES M. FIELDS MARK A. FREDERICK DAVID M. LOCKHART ROBERT NAY DARIN A. NIELSEN KEVIN M. PIES JAMES E. SCHAEFER OLEN Z. SELLERS SCOTT R. SHERRETZ DAVID L. SHOFFNER JERRY C. SIEG KENNETH R. SORENSON TIMOTHY D. WALLS KEVIN B. WESTON STANLEY E. WHITTEN ROBERT E. WICHMAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
SPENCER T. PRICE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JAMES E. O’NEIL III KEITH M. ROXO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR TEMPORARY 
APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 5721: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOSHUA C. ANDRES CARL W. BARLOW III LOWELL E. BRUHN RALPH T. BUCKLES DEREK A. BURNEY ARON E. CALLIPO DANA S. CANBY KENDRA B. CARTER DAVID A. DUFFIELD STEPHEN M. EMERSON CLINTON D. EMRICH JACOB M. GERLACH DANIEL W. GOODWIN CHRISTOPHER A. GRILLO RYAN M. GRUNDT SAMUEL F. HARTLEY JOHN J. HARTSOG KYLE T. HAUBOLD COLLIN R. HEDGES DARRELL R. HEIDE RICHARD S. HEIDEL BRENT J. HOLLOWAY ROBERT A. JOHNSON CHARLES P. JONES ALFRED L. KELLER, JR. JEREMY D. LEAZER WILLIAM C. LIVINGSTON BENJAMIN B. LONG FRANCISCO D. MARTINEZ JOSHUA D. MEEK THOMAS E. MILLER JEFFERY A. MILOTA JUSTIN A. MURTY SHAUN A. POSEY PETER J. REMILLARD ALEX RINALDI COSMAS SAMARITIS JOSEPH W. A. SAMMUR DANIEL C. SHEA THOMAS J. SIMMONS MATTHEW D. SPAKOWSKI ERIK B. SUNDAY STEPHEN D. SZACHTA, JR. CHAD T. TELLA MARK TEMPLAR NATHANIEL B. VANDEVENTER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Mar 16, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\OCT 2015\S28OC5.REC S28OC5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7600 October 28, 2015 
ROBERT W. VINSON 
MARK F. WAITE BRIAN D. WILSON JOHN E. WOODSON ALAN W. YOUNG BETHANY R. ZMITROVICH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
CALVIN M. FOSTER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: To be lieutenant commander 
TARA A. FEHER 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate October 28, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
SARAH ELIZABETH FEINBERG, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO 
BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMIN-ISTRATION. WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on October 28, 2015 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nation: 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ENRIQUE J. GWIN, TO BE 
COLONEL, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JUNE 16, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:42 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A28OC6.030 S28OCPT1rfrederick on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1553 October 28, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF A.L. BROWN 
HIGH SCHOOL WINNING THE ‘‘BATTLE FOR THE BELL’’ 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the A.L. Brown High School Won-ders football team for its victory over the Con-cord High School Spiders in the ‘‘Battle for the Bell’’ football game. 
In the 85th meeting between these two rival 
football programs, A.L. Brown earned a hard- fought victory over Concord by a score of 26– 15. The Wonders took an early lead in the first quarter with a 24-yard pass from quarterback Damon Johnson to wide receiver Dominique Washington, but Concord answered in the second quarter with a Keenan Black one-yard touchdown run to tie the game up at the half. The two teams traded touchdowns in the third quarter, but the Spiders had the lead going in to the fourth quarter after a successful two- point conversion. However, the Wonders would answer in the fourth quarter with two touchdowns to recapture ‘‘The Bell’’ and take it back to A.L. Brown High School, located in Kannapolis, North Carolina. 
This is the first victory for A.L Brown over 
Concord in three seasons, with Concord hold-ing the slight overall series edge at 42–39–4. In addition to being the 85th game played be-tween these two schools, this game made his-tory by being the first ever game in the state of North Carolina to be televised live, accord-ing to the Charlotte Observer. Having gone to the game myself, I can confirm this was a game worthy of the distinction. Both teams played extremely hard, and both fan bases should be proud of the effort and skill dis-played by both teams. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-
gratulating the A.L. High School football team for its victory over Concord High School in the ‘‘Battle for the Bell’’ football game. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK TAKAI 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, Octo-
ber 27, 2015, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative busi-ness. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 570, Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 1090. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 571, 
the Rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 1090. I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 572, 
Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 597. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 573, 
the Rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 597. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 574, 
the Lynch Amendment to H.R. 1090. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on Roll Call 575, 
final passage of H.R. 1090. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call 576, 
final passage of H.R. 597. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,603,664,891.43. We’ve 
added $7,525,726,615,978 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAXINE BERMAN 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to a remarkable person from my home state of Michigan, Maxine Berman, who is being inducted into the Michigan Women’s Hall of Fame on October 29, 2015. Maxine and nine others will join pioneering women in-cluding civil rights pioneer Rosa Parks, former First Lady Betty Ford, the Queen of Soul Aretha Franklin, and the longtime dean of the White House press corps Helen Thomas, who have been previously inducted into the Wom-en’s Hall of Fame for their contributions to my home state and to our nation. 
Maxine Berman served in the Michigan 
House of Representatives from 1983 to 1996, where she earned a reputation for her intel-ligence, her thoughtfulness about public policy, and for her candor. She was also known for her steadfast commitment to women’s health and reproductive freedom, including authoring a bill to require accreditation for mammog-raphy facilities and successfully lobbying the federal government to establish national standards. Maxine was also outspoken about challenges she and other women experienced in the State Legislature. In 1994, near the end of her tenure in the Michigan House, she pub-lished a book about this experience—The Only Boobs in the House Are Men: A Veteran 
Woman Legislator Lifts the Lid on Politics Macho Style—which made waves then and is still cited today, more than twenty years later. 
After a few years away from government, 
Rep. Berman joined the administration of Gov-ernor Jennifer Granholm, where she served as director of special projects. In this position, Maxine was a powerful public advocate for vital issues including women’s health and re-productive freedom, affirmative action, and stem cell research, and she led the Granholm Administration’s effort to encourage local gov-ernments to collaborate in providing services to their residents. Her leadership was recog-nized by Central Michigan University, who ap-pointed Rep. Berman to be the Griffin En-dowed Chair in American Government from 2009 to 2013. This prestigious position is named for former U.S. Senator Robert Griffin and his wife Marjorie, and has been held by notable political leaders from both political par-ties since its inception. 
Her many accomplishments do not capture 
the influence that my dear friend, Maxine, has had throughout—and since—her years of pub-lic service. Maxine is always willing to lend an ear or a hand to talented people who want to serve, and Michigan has benefitted from the leadership of the countless women to whom Maxine has served as a mentor, confidante, policy advisor and coach. She remains com-mitted to good public policy and grassroots ac-tivism. 
Mr. Speaker, it is truly fitting that Maxine 
Berman will join other notable women of Michigan in the Women’s Hall of Fame. I en-courage my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating her, and in thanking her for her leader-ship and significant contributions to Michigan and to the nation. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE FIRST BAPTIST 
CHURCH OF KANNAPOLIS’ 100 YEAR ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize First Baptist Church of Kannapolis for their 100-year anniversary. 
Located in Kannapolis, North Carolina, First 
Baptist Church has been a staple of the com-munity throughout their 100-year history. Under the stewardship of Rev. Dr. Claude Forehand II, First Baptist Church has been a beacon of hope in our community through service projects and events, and has provided the congregation with opportunities to develop as individuals through prayer, worship and educational workshops. 
On Friday, September 25, 2015, First Bap-
tist Church of Kannapolis officially celebrated their 100-year anniversary with an event filled with fellowship and worship. The event in-cluded remarks from special guest speaker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28OC8.001 E28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1554 October 28, 2015 
Rev. Dr. Haywood Gray, who serves as Exec-
utive Secretary of the General Baptist State Convention of North Carolina. 
I would like to commend First Baptist 
Church of Kannapolis for their 100 years of service and dedication to our community, and I wish them well as they begin their journey to-wards the next 100 years. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in con-
gratulating First Baptist Church of Kannapolis on the occasion of their 100-year anniversary. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF HAROLD 
‘‘LEFTY’’ ENCARNACION 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with a heavy heart to pay tribute to a devoted community leader, respected busi-nessman, and loving father, husband, and dear friend, Harold ‘‘Lefty’’ Encarnacion. Sadly, Lefty, as he was affectionately known, passed away Tuesday, October 13, 2015. A candlelight vigil was held the very next evening with over 100 members of the com-munity in attendance to share stories and give remembrance to Lefty and his service to the Columbus, Georgia community. A funeral service will be held on Wednesday, October 28, 2015 at 7:00 p.m. at Ambassadors of Christ Fellowship in Columbus, Georgia. 
Harold ‘‘Lefty’’ Encarnacion was born on 
May 10, 1953 in the Bronx, New York to Puer-to Rican immigrants. He worked as a mainte-nance supervisor at Fort Hamilton in New York and ran a small nightclub. Looking for a safer and more peaceful place to raise their family, Harold and his wife, Millie, moved to Columbus, Georgia in 1983. 
Upon arriving, Harold worked numerous 
jobs, including cab driving. Millie was a man-ager at a food market. After noticing a lack of resources for the Latino population of Colum-bus, Harold and his wife opened their own grocery store called Millie’s International Mar-ket in Columbus, which sold a variety of ethnic foods and seasonings. The store quickly be-came a staple in Columbus, as well as a com-munity center for the area’s Hispanic and Car-ibbean populations. 
Although Millie’s was successful in bringing 
together the Latino community of Columbus, Lefty believed there was more to be done to unify and empower this segment of the popu-lation. He managed Columbus’ only Hispanic radio station, UNIDOS 107.7 FM until it closed in 2014. But in 2013, after many years of plan-ning, Lefty partnered with Columbus City Councilor, Mimi Woodsen, to launch the inau-gural Tri-City Latino Festival. 
The Tri-City Latino Festival is a tremen-
dously successful celebration, and now a tra-dition, that brings together the Latino commu-nities in the Chattahoochee Valley to celebrate this vibrant culture. It shows that this is an area that thrives on its diversity and unites members of the community to honor the strug-gle, sacrifice and success of their ancestors from Spain, Mexico, the Caribbean, and Cen-tral and South America. 
Lefty was a beloved community leader and 
pioneer and his contributions to the city of Co-lumbus will be remembered for years to come. More so, his kindness and emphatic resolve to 
push his community forward will live on through those who knew and loved him. On a personal note, I am proud to have called Lefty my friend of many years. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 700,000 residents of the Second Congressional District, salute Harold ‘‘Lefty’’ Encarnacion for his efforts to empower the Latino population of Columbus, Georgia and his everlasting commitment to his commu-nity. I ask my colleagues in the House of Rep-resentatives to join us in extending our deep-est condolences to Lefty’s family and friends during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
CONNIE REELED IN THE GOLD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Connie O’Day from Pearland, Texas for winning this year’s Islamorada Light Tackle Tournament. 
The Islamorada Light Tackle Tournament is 
one of several fishing tournaments put on by the International Women’s Fishing Association. Connie proved her skill in what used to be a male-dominated sport. During the tournament, all of the contestants braved the strong winds, but it was Connie’s team that won the day. Her boat, guided by Captain Mark Gilman, beat the elements and the rest of the competi-tion by catching the most fish. Now, I have to ask, when does Pearland get to go to the O’Day house for some fresh fish? 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Connie for winning the tournament and bringing the gold to Pearland. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. WILLIAM (BILL) 
T. STANLEY 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to take this time to recognize the life of Dr. William (Bill) T. Stanley. Born in Lebanon, Bill grew up in Kenya and moved to the United States with intentions of becoming an animal scientist. 
Bill was in charge of some 29 million objects 
and specimens at the Field Museum in Chi-cago. Scientists and students would reach out to Bill for his resourcefulness in their respec-tive fields of study. He helped many graduate students reach their potential with his assist-ance on their theses and dissertations. His knowledge and ability to explain specimens in detail motivated his audience to engage and learn. 
Reaching his goals of becoming a mamma-
lian researcher, Bill’s character touched the lives of everyone he came in contact with. Bill was known not only for his research but also his ability to fill the room with his good spirits and incredible sense of humor. Bill will be 
missed by his family, friends and the mamma-lian research community to which he devoted his life. 
I would like to thank Dr. William T. Stanley 
for his strong leadership and contributions to the city of Chicago. His legacy will live on and may he rest in peace. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRIS 
WEST 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Chris West of Concord, North Carolina, who passed away far too soon on August 22, 2015, after a four year fight with cancer. We send our prayers and sincerest condolences to his parents, Brian and Michelle West, the entire West family, his friends, and the Jay M. Robinson High School community. 
Born on August 19, 1998, Chris dedicated 
his short life to serving others, even in the face of battling such a horrific disease. During his four year fight with Hodgkin’s lymphoma, Chris has made national headlines for his self-lessness and his desire to care for others. A prime example of Chris’ selflessness is rather than celebrating a successful bone marrow transplant in a personal way, like many of us would, Chris performed 100 random acts of kindness for others in his community. During his struggle with cancer, Chris was never known to ask for anything; that is until his 17th birthday. The only thing Chris wanted for his birthday were birthday cards, and the commu-nity he gave so much to responded by send-ing him more than 10,000 cards. 
In a recent People magazine feature about 
Chris’ request for birthday cards, he was quoted as saying ‘‘I like going to the mailbox. It’s just an exciting feeling and it makes me feel special.’’ I can say, without a shadow of a doubt, that Chris was a special individual, and I hope he knew that every day of his life. Our community will greatly miss his kind heart and indomitable spirit, and he will be remem-bered as a shining example of the best among us. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-
memorating the life of Chris West, who in his short life taught us that no matter what dif-ficulty life may throw at us, we should always take time to serve others. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, on October 23, 
2015, due to unforeseen circumstances, I was not present to vote on H.R. 3762, the Restor-ing Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconcili-ation Act of 2015, introduced by Representa-tive T
OMPRICE. Had I been present, I would 
have voted NO on final passage of H.R. 3762, roll call No. 568. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC8.002 E28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1555 October 28, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, on October 
27, 2015, the House considered H.R. 3819, the Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015. This act extends the Positive Train Con-trol implementation deadline to December 31, 2018. The House passed H.R. 3819 by voice vote. Had this been a recorded vote, I would have voted no on H.R. 3819. 
f 
RECOGNIZING INDEPENDENT 
AUDIO DRAMA 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the contributions of independent audio drama to our nation’s culture and his-tory. For over one hundred years, the dramatic scripts, compelling music, and sound effects of audio drama have resonated with listeners across various ethnic, financial, and geo-graphic divides. 
During the Great Depression, radio drama 
adaptations of novels and plays achieved widespread popularity as a means of increas-ing morale through such difficult times. With the increase in televised and video entertain-ment came the waning interest in radio drama. However, in recent years, the growth of inde-pendent media production has revived audio drama within the U.S. Independent audio drama is now providing aspiring as well as seasoned artists with a unique and sophisti-cated platform to reach diverse audiences. 
I am proud to rise in recognition of inde-
pendent audio drama as it continues to ex-pand, exhibit the work of our talented rising artists, and impact the lives of countless Americans. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DR. ROBERT 
KASE ON EARNING A GRAMMY NOMINATION 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dr. Robert Kase, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Saint Francis in Joliet, Illinois, for earning a Grammy award nomination in the category of Outstanding Jazz Solo for the track entitled ‘‘Dr. Doo Good.’’ ‘‘Dr. Doo Good’’ is an original composition by Dr. Kase and is part of his re-cently released jazz quintet album titled As We Gather. 
As We Gather was not only recorded at Uni-
versity of St. Francis’s Digital Audio Recording Arts studio, it was engineered, mastered, and produced by University of Saint Francis fac-
ulty. 
Dr. Kase has an impressive background as 
an educator, administrator, business leader, and performer. His musical career includes touring with Sonny and Cher and playing alongside Frank Sinatra, The Temptations, Natalie Cole, and other musical legends. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Dr. Robert Kase in earning a Grammy nomination. 
f 
NATIONAL WORK AND FAMILY 
MONTH 
HON. ALBIO SIRES 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud 
to discuss the importance of America’s work-ing families. October is National Work and Family month and an opportune time to dis-cuss how Congress can better serve our work-ing families. In almost three out of five married families with children, both parents work. Sup-porting initiatives like raising the minimum wage, ensuring equal pay for women, and al-lowing workers access to affordable childcare is vital to ensuring the success of our working families. 
Raising the minimum wage is a critical step 
in closing the opportunity gap and building an economy that works for everyone. By raising the minimum wage, we can restore fairness for working men and women across the coun-try. No hard working American should be forced to raise their family in poverty, but un-fortunately the current minimum wage allows for just that. An increase in the minimum wage is not only the moral thing to do, but it would also provide a much-needed boost to our economy. 
Equal pay issues affect all workers in this 
country trying to provide for their families. Women make up 47% of the workforce and bring home 44% of the family income, yet they earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men. As women continue to make up a larger seg-ment of our Nation’s workforce, it is imperative that we ensure that pay disparity is related to job-performance instead of gender. Stronger protections and enforcement will lead to a more successful female workforce that is not bogged down by discrimination. 
Ensuring access to childcare and early edu-
cation for working families is important to their success. The lack of good, affordable pre-school and childcare options have huge im-pacts on working families, with a significant disadvantage to low-income families. Childcare and early education options allow for parents to continue working and provide children with a strong foundation. Yet, many low-income working families are not able to af-ford childcare and have difficulties receiving assistance, even though they may be eligible. Providing greater access to childcare and pre-school is a crucial step towards ensuring job retention among parents while offering a foun-dation for children. 
Employing policies that ensure that all work-
ing families are afforded a fair chance to suc-ceed should be something that Congress 
strives to achieve. I look forward to working with my colleagues to address these issues. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GLEN AND SUSAN 
TRAVIS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Glen and Susan Travis of Thurman, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anni-versary. They were married on September 24, 1965. 
Glen and Susan’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children, Vicki, Scott, and Kari, and their grandchildren, truly embodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Travis family that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this special couple 
on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE TULLY HILL CHEMICAL DEPENDENCY TREAT-MENT CENTER 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 25th anniversary of the Tully Hill Chemical Dependency Center in Tully, New York. The Tully Hill Chemical Dependency Center opened in 1990 to provide quality de-toxification and inpatient rehabilitation services to the Central New York community. Tully Hill began outpatient treatment services in 1996 and continues to provide chemical depend-ency treatment to individuals in need in the 24th District. 
As a former federal prosecutor in Syracuse, 
NY, I saw the direct impact chemical depend-ency and addiction has on the safety, health, and success of our community. Chemical de-pendency centers, such as Tully Hill, are cru-cial to the reduction of chemical dependency throughout Central New York. Centers, such as Tully Hill, help Central New York individuals and families in their time of need to regain their health and lead positive lives through comprehensive, safe treatment. 
I am proud to recognize the Tully Hill Chem-
ical Dependency Center and congratulate the Center on the achievement of its 25th anniver-sary. On behalf of Central New York and the more than 17,000 patients and their families that Tully Hill has helped in their efforts to achieve and maintain sobriety, I want to thank the Tully Hill Chemical Dependency Center for their work in our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28OC8.005 E28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1556 October 28, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
the House of Representatives voted on the Retail Investor Protection Act, which passed by a wide margin of 245–186. Allow me to make a clarification on my vote. I fully support this legislation and meant to vote ‘yea’ on final passage, not ‘no’. Unfortunately, by the time I noticed the error, the vote had closed and I was unable to correct it. Voting ‘no’ was not my intention. 
I am pleased the Retail Investor Protection 
Act passed the House with broad support. Like many of my constituents, and others across the country, I have serious concerns about the negative impacts that the Depart-ment of Labor’s proposed ‘fiduciary rule’ will have on the retirement savings options avail-able to employees. I believe that the Retail In-vestor Protection Act properly addresses these concerns and contributes to the financial secu-rity of millions of Americans. 
On October 26, 2015, I joined my House 
colleagues on a letter to the Secretary of Labor that urged the Department to withdraw the proposed rule and commit to a process that avoids the arbitrariness, uncertainty, and inadequate analysis embodied in the proposed rule. I remain fully committed to these views and support the entirety of the Retail Investor Protection Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. STEPHEN 
LARCEN, UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to thank Dr. Stephen W. Larcen, President of the Hartford Healthcare Behavioral Health Net-work, for 25 years of devotion to improving the continuum of mental health services in Con-necticut. With more than 40 years of experi-ence in behavioral health and healthcare man-agement, Steve has been an invaluable re-source to Hartford Healthcare and the commu-nity at large. He has accompanied the organi-zation through many periods of growth and change, including Hartford Healthcare’s acqui-sition of Natchaug Hospital and their expan-sion to reach even more of Connecticut’s resi-dents by opening nine satellite hospitals throughout the state. Under his watch, the Be-havioral Health Network expanded to offer more services than ever before, including in- home psychiatric services and a treatment program for adolescent girls involved in court proceedings. 
During his career, Steve’s work stretched all 
across eastern Connecticut, a very diverse population with many mental health needs. Steve demonstrated a remarkable sensitivity to this diversity, which as the Congressman for that region I admire greatly. In particular, Steve successfully spearheaded an effort to give Medicaid patients from Windham County opportunity to receive care for mental illness at Windham Hospital and Natchaug Hospital, rather than New Haven or Hartford. This was 
a very competitive national process that Steve successfully navigated. 
A testament to his achievement and vision, 
Steve was appointed by the Governor to the Connecticut Behavioral Health Partnership Oversight Council. He is a corporator of Law-rence & Memorial Hospital and serves on the East Lyme Board of Finance and received the National Association of Psychiatric Health Sys-tems’ 2010 Grassroots Leadership Award for his work in elevating the importance of grass-roots advocacy within the association. He has advocated tirelessly for increased coverage and funding for quality mental health services on a federal, state and local level. Adding to his many awards and recognitions, Steve re-ceived the 2015 American Hospital Associa-tion Connecticut Grassroots Champion Award. 
Although Steve will be retiring at the end of 
this year, the effect of his decades of devotion to the mental health horizon in Connecticut will be felt for years to come. I ask my colleagues to please join me in wishing Dr. Stephen Larcen a restful and enjoyable retirement. 
f 
DIRECT SELLING 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored to be a founding co-chair of the Direct Selling Caucus, which was established in Jan-uary and announced at a Direct Selling Asso-ciation (DSA) event with participants and con-stituents from around the country. 
As a full time student, direct selling provided 
me with the flexibility necessary to pay for col-lege while in school. Running my own busi-ness was an extremely rewarding experience and served as great preparation for my career in public service. It is a vibrant sector of the economy that embraces entrepreneurship and helps people achieve their American dream. 
More than 18 million Americans located in 
every state, Congressional district and com-munity choose to become involved in direct selling. It contributes more than $34 billion to the U.S. economy annually. As economic un-certainty places more emphasis on needed flexibility that opportunities to work independ-ently provide, direct selling will continue to grow and prosper. 
Just as important to the continued success 
of direct selling are the safeguards that the in-dustry, through the Direct Selling Association’s leadership, put into place. They promote high standards of business ethics and consumer protection. 
On October 29, 2015, hundreds of direct 
sellers from across the country will come to Washington, DC to emphasize the importance of direct selling to the economy and remind policymakers of the opportunity it provides to pursue meaningful independent work. I hereby 
request that October 29, 2015 be recognized by this House as Direct Selling Day. HONORING THE HEROIC ACTIONS 
OF BRIAN BALLENTINE, TROOP-ER GARDNER, AND TROOPER JOHNS 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. Brian C. Ballentine of Liverpool, New York and Troopers Michael L. Gardner and David A. Johns of the New York State Po-lice. On September 5, 2015, Trooper Gardner and Trooper Johns, with the help of private ci-vilian Mr. Ballentine heroically saved a 4-year old child. 
On September 5, Trooper Gardner and 
Trooper Johns responded to an amber alert issued by the Vermont State Police while trav-eling on the New York State Thruway. As Trooper Gardner and Trooper Johns spotted a vehicle that matched the description of the ve-hicle in the amber alert they received a radio call advising that a private citizen, Mr. Ballentine, had called 911 to report that the van was in fact the suspected vehicle. With this confirmation Trooper Gardner and Trooper Johns were able to stop the vehicle and safely rescue the 4-year old child. 
Trooper Michael L. Gardner is a 12-year 
veteran of the New York State Police. He has been stationed in Troops D and B and has been assigned to the New York State Thruway in Troop T since October of 2012. Trooper Gardner is currently stationed at State Police Syracuse in Dewitt, New York. 
Trooper David A. Johns in an 8-year vet-
eran of the New York State Police. He has been stationed in Troops B and D and has been assigned to the New York State Thruway in Troop T since October of 2009. He is cur-rently stationed at State Police Syracuse in Dewitt, New York. 
Mr. Brian C. Ballentine of Liverpool, New 
York has lived in the Central New York com-munity his entire life and I am proud to recog-nize his exemplary actions in our community. 
I am honored to recognize Trooper Gardner, 
Trooper Johns, and Mr. Ballentine for their he-roic actions on September 5, 2015. The 4-year old girl is now out of harm’s way thanks to these three brave men. Trooper Gardner’s and Trooper Johns’s efforts in this situation exem-plify the finest traditions of the New York State Police and I wish them continued success in their careers. 
f 
HONORING APOSTLE RICHARD D. 
HENTON 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay 
tribute to Apostle Richard D. Henton who made his heavenly transition on October 22, 2015. Apostle Henton was called into the min-istry in 1948 and rose to become one of the most prolific speakers of our day. 
Apostle Henton served in ministry for 66 
years, 50 of those as pastor of the 5,000 member Monument of Faith Church located in my district. Apostle Henton also founded the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28OC8.010 E28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1557 October 28, 2015 
R. D. Henton Breakthrough Ministries, a week-
ly program that aired on television, radio and online throughout the world and allowed Apos-tle Henton to touch the lives of millions across the globe. 
This tremendous ministry permitted the 
world to know Apostle Henton’s charismatic and captivating voice that brought break-throughs for his members and the world at- large and led many to know him not only as a faithful pastor but as their ‘‘TV Evangelist ″. 
Mr. Speaker, Apostle Henton was a learned 
man who held three Doctorate of Divinity de-grees and was the recipient of numerous cer-tificates of merit. Apostle Henton was not only honored by our colleagues here in the House, but also with letters from presidents, and hav-ing been given keys to many cities. 
Of his numerous awards, he was especially 
proud of two very special awards he was given in his hometown of Chicago, Illinois: The N’Digo Foundation’s N’Faith Award and the Luminary Senior Citizen Hall of Faith Award presented by former Mayor Richard M. Daley. 
Of his many accomplishments, Mr. Speaker, 
we must not forget that, ultimately, Apostle Henton was a family man and the father of four children who worked faithfully with him in the ministry. 
Mr. Speaker, Apostle Henton will truly be 
missed by us all but I will always remember what an amazing pastor and friend he was. My thoughts and prayers are extended to his family, church family and many friends. No one can prepare for a loss; it comes like a swift wind, but, I take solace in the fact that he is now resting in the arms of our Lord. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF KAY ARNOLD 
HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of the Honorable Kay Ar-nold of Plymouth, Michigan for her extensive public service and unwavering commitment to the Plymouth community. 
Kay had an unparalleled re ´sume´, serving on 
the Plymouth Board of Trustees since 1992 and the planning commission since 1996. Her accomplishments in these roles include lead-ing projects to improve the Ann Arbor Road corridor, Miller Park, and bridges in the town-ship park. Colleagues often praise her inde-pendence in completing projects and willing-ness to always listen to residents’ concerns. Plymouth Township would not be the same without Kay’s work, and her influence will not be quickly forgotten. Kay also devoted time to volunteer work and was active with United Way, the Plymouth Community Arts Council, the Schoolcraft College Foundation, and the Plymouth Community Chamber of Commerce. 
The Plymouth community will greatly miss 
Kay and her tireless efforts to improve her township. I express my condolences to her family, and to all who had the privilege of knowing her. CONGRATULATING YANIS COFFEE 
ZONE FOR THEIR DESIGNATION AS THE 2015 SMALL BUSINESS OF THE YEAR BY THE JEFFERSON CITY AREA CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Yanis Coffee Zone with being named 2015 Small Business of the Year by the Jefferson City Area Chamber of Com-merce. 
Yanis Coffee Zone, known for its Rocket 
Fuel house brew, has been serving customers since October 7, 2003. For the past twelve years, Yanis Coffee Zone has expanded from fifty customers to an average of four hundred patrons a day. 
This award is based on a business’ overall 
success accounting for innovation and cre-ativity, growth, and involvement in community- oriented projects. Yanis Coffee Zone’s owners and employees have shown dedication and commitment to the hard work that contributed to receiving this award. It is evident that Yanis Coffee Zone represents excellence within the business community and in serving their pa-trons. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Yanis 
Coffee Zone on receiving this outstanding award. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEBBIE WILLIS 
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, this December, 
the Army Corps of Engineers will see an ex-ceptional employee retire after 32 years of ex-emplary service to our citizens, communities, agencies and military men and women that the Corps serves. 
Debbie Willis lived in Idaho from 1999 to 
2009, serving as the Project Manager in charge of the Walla Walla District’s Boise of-fice. During that time, she represented the ‘‘First and Best’’ door to the Corps of Engi-neers, Walla Walla District. Debbie always provided a ‘‘can-do’’ attitude and worked tire-lessly with her peers, local citizens, state and federal agencies, and private non-profits, to unlock remarkable solutions to difficult chal-lenges that our communities faced in Idaho. In the words of one Idaho Mayor, she was our ‘‘Superwoman.’’ These sentiments are shared by the countless individuals Debbie worked alongside to solve problems during her time at the Corps. 
Debbie specialized with issues related to 
environmental improvements in urban and suburban flood-prone areas. She also worked with local communities to address the critical issues of water and wastewater infrastructure management and actively sought to involve community stakeholders in flood risk reduction and environmental habitat improvements along Idaho’s valuable waterways and riparian areas. In 2005 and 2006 she earned the honor of 
being selected from the ranks of the Corps of Engineers to serve as a Congressional Fellow and as a member of the staff for the House Energy and Water Development Appropria-tions Subcommittee. On May 24, 2006, Chair-man of the Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee Dave Hobson recognized Debbie on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives for her invaluable assistance in crafting the Energy and Water appropriations bill for fiscal year 2007. 
Throughout her years of service to our 
country, Debbie served the Corps of Engi-neers in Georgia, South Carolina, Washington and North Carolina. She holds a Civil Engi-neering degree from North Carolina State Uni-versity and has utilized her education and ex-perience to help plan, engineer, and manage the construction of many large and complex military and civil works projects throughout the country and most recently for the U.S. Army Special Operations Command at Fort Bragg. 
As a senior Corps project manager, she 
provided environmental restoration support to the Department of Energy at two of the Na-tion’s largest nuclear facilities, the Hanford and Savannah River sites. Debbie also found time to use her expertise in a volunteer capac-ity by helping local communities in the south-ern U.S. assess and recover from damages caused by natural disasters. She traveled across the country and overseas, teaching management fundamentals and skills to Corps’ employees and continues to be a men-tor to many within the agency. 
Debbie’s last assignment has been as a 
Senior Project Manager for the Wilmington District, Corps of Engineers. Within that ca-pacity, she has demonstrated extraordinary leadership and dedication supporting our serv-ice men and women at Fort Bragg. Over the past several years she has successfully man-aged the design and construction for both the Joint Special Operations Command (JSOC) and the Security Operations Training Facility (SOTF) at that base. 
Debbie’s hard work and dedication to duty is 
a proud reflection of the Corp of Engineers and her support for our nation’s military. Her performance awards serve as a testament to more than three decades of exceptional serv-ice and selfless dedication to this country. I congratulate Debbie Willis on her retirement and wish her and her husband Brayton well in future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL J. HEID 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to a distinguished Urbandale, Iowa resident and industry leader, Michael J. Heid. Mike is a widely respected mortgage industry executive with Wells Fargo, whose mortgage business is headquartered in West Des Moines, Iowa. Mike recently an-nounced his retirement after an impactful and successful 30-year banking career that cul-minated in spending the last eleven years as President of Wells Fargo Home Lending. 
In addition to managing 40,000 employees 
across the country, Mike has been a leader in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28OC8.009 E28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1558 October 28, 2015 
shaping housing policy while helping the in-
dustry navigate the unprecedented challenges of the past decade. He devoted a great deal of his time to bringing together divergent views on housing finance reform and has spent hours acting as a valuable subject matter re-source to policymakers on Capitol Hill along with multiple Administrations. 
A frequent visitor to the nation’s capital, 
Mike has been referred to as the ‘‘go-to source’’ in Washington for housing policy mat-ters. He has testified before Congressional committees on numerous occasions and is known for his thoughtful approach and his in- depth and unbiased knowledge of the housing industry. 
A native of Wisconsin, Mike joined Wells 
Fargo in 1988. During his twenty-seven years at the company, he has led the servicing func-tion and acted as CFO before becoming presi-dent of the mortgage business. Wells Fargo was the nation’s largest home lender during his tenure. But Mike hasn’t always been perched at the top of the mortgage industry. He started at a small mortgage bank whose cash flow was so poor, that he determined he would have to sell the furniture to stay afloat. Mike draws his strength from his family; his wife, his son and his daughter. He now has extra incentive to spend more time with his family, having two granddaughters living in the Des Moines area. Full-time grandparent sounded awfully inviting to Mike. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mike’s dedication to 
the greater Des Moines community, and his steadfast commitment to bringing the Amer-ican dream of home ownership to so many. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Mike and wishing him and his wife Diane nothing but the best as they plan this new chapter in their lives. 
f 
HONORING ANNE SAMSON 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the legacy of Anne Samson. Anne was a selfless philanthropist who dedicated her life to serving her family and community. 
A daughter of Hungarian Holocaust sur-
vivors, Anne was a devoted wife, mother, grandmother, and friend. Anne’s love for Israel and the Jewish people illuminated much of her work. Anne and her husband, Lee, actively served within the Jewish community and vol-unteered in Israel following the Six-Day War. 
Anne’s philanthropy and selflessness 
touched many families, synagogues, and orga-nizations. In her memory, the Samson family has helped establish the Anne Samson Me-morial Fund which will provide assistance to the Jerusalem Journey summer program, in which hundreds of public school students have their very first Israel experience. 
Anne’s life demonstrated that it is often the 
quiet leader who is the most impactful. She led by example, motivated by her strong con-victions and Jewish faith. Beloved by her fam-ily and community, Anne’s legacy lives on in her children and grandchildren who carry on her graciousness, hospitality and dedication to service. It is my honor to commemorate Anne Samson’s memory today. PAYING TRIBUTE TO ELLEN 
ROSENTHAL FOR HER OUT-STANDING SERVICE TO CONNER PRAIRIE 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor Ellen Rosenthal on the oc-casion of her retirement. For 10 years Ellen has served as President and CEO of Conner Prairie Interactive History Park, a beloved des-tination of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional Dis-trict located in Fishers, Indiana. Conner Prairie flourished under Ellen’s leadership, and Hoo-siers are eternally grateful for her contribu-tions. 
Ellen has a long history developing muse-
ums and exhibits. She planned the opening of historic houses at the Minnesota Historical So-ciety in St. Paul, Minnesota and at the Frick Art and Historical Center in Pittsburgh, Penn-sylvania. She also served as curatorial director for the American History Workshop in Brook-lyn, New York, where she managed projects for the National Museum of American History, South Street Seaport Museum, and National Endowment for the Humanities. In 1999, Ellen began her career with Conner Prairie as Vice President of Internal Affairs, assumed a lead-ership role in 2003 when she was promoted to Executive Director, and in 2005 became Presi-dent and CEO. Since then, Ellen played an in-tegral role in transforming Conner Prairie from a traditional living history museum into the independent, immersive, and interactive his-tory park it is today. 
At the beginning stages of Conner Prairie’s 
transformation, Ellen redefined the museum’s mission to ‘‘inspire curiosity and foster learning about Indiana’s past by providing engaging, in-dividualized and unique experiences.’’ She has a passion for creating and developing mu-seums that offer active engagement and learn-ing that transcends generations and strategic, data-driven decision making. A wonderful ex-ample of Ellen’s vision put into action is the opening of the outdoor experience ‘‘Civil War Journey: Raid on Indiana,’’ which used histor-ical actors, sounds, and sets to place visitors in the middle of a southern Indiana Civil War battle. Her unique approach to focusing on ex-periential learning and guest immersion as well as her incomparable ability to build sup-port and raise funds for new exhibits has re-sulted in more than a 240 percent increase in annual attendance. More than 360,000 guests visit Conner Prairie’s historic grounds and in-door experiences annually. 
During her tenure as President and CEO, 
Conner Prairie has received a number of hon-ors and awards. Most notably, Conner Prairie was awarded the nation’s highest honor for museums—the National Medal from the Insti-tute for Museum Library Sciences. Conner Prairie also was selected as one of six muse-ums nationwide to be featured as a magnetic museum, which is defined as ‘‘high-perform-ance organizations that deliver tangible cul-tural and civic value and achieve superior business results.’’ Under her leadership, Conner Prairie became a Smithsonian affiliate, the only museum in Indiana to hold such a distinction. Additionally, Ellen led the effort that secured a $2.3 million National Science Foun-dation grant in 2012 that empowers Conner 
Prairie to lead four American institutions in the integration of informal science experiments at historical sites and museums across the coun-try. 
Ellen’s personal commitment to the commu-
nity and success as a leader has not gone un-noticed. Governor Mike Pence is bestowing upon Ellen a Sagamore of the Wabash, one of the most prestigious honors in Indiana. She also received the Commitment to Creativity Trailblazer award from University High School (2014), the Torchbearer award from the Indi-ana Commission for Women (2013), was cited for Excellence in Innovation by the Indiana In-novation Awards (2012), named a Woman of Influence by the Indianapolis Business Journal (2008), and named a ‘‘Distinguished Hoosier’’ by Governor Mitch Daniels (2006). 
As a personal friend and admirer of Ellen for 
over a decade, it is truly a privilege to honor her today for her many accomplishments. On behalf of the grateful constituents of Indiana’s Fifth Congressional District, I congratulate Ellen on the occasion of her retirement. We congratulate her on her remarkable career and extend a huge thank you for all of the wonder-ful contributions she has made to Conner Prai-rie and the Hoosier community. I wish the very best to Ellen, her husband, Dr. Ted Logan, and her three sons, Daniel, Sam, and Paul as she enjoys a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF OAK GROVE BAP-TIST CHURCH, LITTLETON, NORTH CAROLINA 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
celebrate the 150th anniversary of Oak Grove Baptist Church located in my congressional district in Halifax County, North Carolina in the town of Littleton. The Church was founded in 1865 by Reverend Lovely Brown, Sr. and sev-eral faith leaders who devoted themselves to spreading the word of God. 
One hundred fifty years ago, Reverend 
Brown and his small congregation of parish-ioners gathered to worship under a ‘‘bush arbor.’’ Through steadfast faith and an unwav-ering dedication to its mission of faith and service, Oak Grove has grown from those humble beginnings to become a pillar of hope for its congregation and a cornerstone of the Littleton community. 
On April 2, 1966, the church was destroyed 
by a devastating fire. Pastor J.W. Wiley rallied the congregation and the community to re-build. The following year, Oak Grove held its first service in the newly built ‘‘Heritage Sanc-tuary.’’ 
Oak Grove is pastored by Rev. Dr. Charles 
McCollum, Sr. where the church continues to prosper under his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating Rev. Dr. McCollum, the pa-rishioners of Oak Grove Baptist Church, and the residents of Littleton on this historic mile-stone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC8.014 E28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1559 October 28, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLE ALDRICH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the heroic actions of Nicole Aldrich, MSN, RN of Altoona, Iowa. On Sept. 18, 2015, VA Central Iowa Health Care Sys-tem hosted a POW/MIA Remembrance Cere-mony. The ceremony was running accordingly until mid-way through when the keynote speaker collapsed at the lectern. 
Without hesitation, Nicole charged forward 
from the back of the room, announced that she was a nurse, and took charge of the situa-tion. She immediately began CPR and then shouted for an AED. At this point her 79 year old patient was unconscious, but she dutifully continued CPR until the AED was used and the POW keynote speaker began to breathe on his own again. Nicole turned the patient onto his side and reassured him the EMT was on its way. Once in the ER, her quick actions were repeatedly praised and she was credited for saving the man’s life. 
Nicole is an eight year veteran employee of 
VA Central Iowa. She received her BSN de-gree from Grand View University and her Mas-ters of Nursing in Leadership and Manage-ment from Walden University. She currently serves as the Nurse Manager for the Specialty Clinics/Diabetes Education/Oncology unit at the VA Central Iowa Health Care System. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to represent 
leaders like Nicole in the United States Con-gress. I applaud her lifesaving efforts and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in com-mending Nicole, thanking her for her efforts, and wishing her nothing but the best. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, Oc-
tober 29, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 3 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the future 
of warfare. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Deborah R. Malac, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Uganda, and Lisa J. Peterson, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the King-dom of Swaziland, both of the Depart-ment of State. 
SD–419 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Se-
curity Cooperation 
To hold hearings to examine Putin’s in-
vasion of Ukraine and the propaganda in Europe. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and 
the Law 
To hold hearings to examine data bro-
kers, focusing on whether consumers’ information is secure. 
SD–226 
NOVEMBER 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine how gagging 
honest reviews harms consumers and the economy. 
SR–253 Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the value of 
education choices for low-income fami-lies, focusing on reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Attorney General, Department of Justice. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine reforming 
the Federal budget process, focusing on a biennial approach to better budg-eting. 
SD–608 
2 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-
tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts 
To hold hearings to examine the Amer-
ican victims of Iranian and Palestinian terrorism. 
SH–216 
2:30 p.m. 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine ensuring 
success for the Social Security Dis-ability Insurance program and its bene-ficiaries. 
SD–106 
NOVEMBER 5 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine agency 
progress in retrospective review of ex-isting regulations. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine wildfire, fo-
cusing on stakeholder perspectives on budgetary impacts and threats to nat-ural resources on Federal, state, and private lands. 
SR–328A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:07 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28OC8.018 E28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1144 Wednesday, October 28, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7551–S7600 
Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2212–2216, and S. Res. 299–300.
                                                       Page S7594 
Measures Passed: 
Surface Transportation Extension Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 3819, to provide an extension of Fed-eral-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safe-ty, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund.
                                              Page S7574 
National Domestic Violence Awareness Month: 
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 293, supporting the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, commending domestic violence victim advocates, domestic violence victim service providers, crisis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their com-passionate support of victims of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence and hold perpetrators of domestic violence accountable, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S7598 
National Bison Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
300, designating November 7, 2015, as National Bison Day.
                                                             Pages S7598–99 
House Messages: 
Bipartisan Budget Act—Agreement: Senate began 
consideration of the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative ap-peal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt 
status of certain organizations, taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed there-to:
                                                                              Pages S7585–86 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill.
                                              Page S7585 McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of 
the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2750, to change the enactment date.
    Page S7585 
McConnell Amendment No. 2751 (to Amend-
ment No. 2750), of a perfecting nature.        Page S7585 
McConnell motion to refer the amendment of the 
House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, to the Committee on Finance, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 2752, to change the enactment date.
              Page S7586 
McConnell Amendment No. 2753 (to (the in-
structions) Amendment No. 2752), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S7586 
McConnell Amendment No. 2754 (to Amend-
ment No. 2753), of a perfecting nature.        Page S7586 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, Octo-ber 30, 2015.
                                                               Page S7585 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, October 29, 2015.
                              Page S7599 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 
the continuation of the national emergency relative to the actions and policies of the Government of Sudan as declared in Executive Order 13067 of No-vember 3, 1997; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–30)
                                                                         Page S7590 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
Sarah Elizabeth Feinberg, of West Virginia, to be 
Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion.
                                                                                  Page S7600 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28OC5.REC D28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1145 October 28, 2015 
1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Coast 
Guard, and Navy.
                                       Pages S7599–S7600 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
A routine list in the Air Force.                     Page S7600 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7590 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7590 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S7590, S7599 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7590–93 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S7593–94 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7594–95 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7595–97 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7589–90 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S7598 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7598 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7598 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:41 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, October 29, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7599.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine unmanned aircraft systems and the steps being taken to successfully integrate this technology into our Na-tional Airspace System, after receiving testimony from Michael Huerta, Administrator, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Transportation; Marty Rogers, Alliance for System Safety of UAS through Research Excellence, Fairbanks, Alaska, on behalf of the University of Alaska Fairbanks’ Un-manned Aircraft Systems program; and Tim Canoll, Air Line Pilots Association, International, Wash-ington, D.C. 
DOE NATIONAL LABORATORIES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine realizing the potential of the Department of Energy national laboratories, after receiving testi-mony from TJ Glauthier, and Jared Cohon, both a Co-Chair, Commission to Review the Effectiveness of 
The National Energy Laboratories, Department of Energy. 
RURAL BANKING 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Con-sumer Protection concluded a hearing to examine the state of rural banking, focusing on challenges and consequences, including S. 1491, to provide sensible relief to community financial institutions, to protect consumers, after receiving testimony from Terry Fos-ter, Mifflin County Savings Bank, Lewistown, on be-half of the Pennsylvania Association of Community Bankers; Roger Porch, First National Bank, Philip, South Dakota; Carrie Wood, Timberland Federal Credit Union, DuBois, Pennsylvania; and Sarah Edelman, Center for American Progress, Wash-ington, D.C. 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Jessica Rosenworcel, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Commu-nications Commission, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Thune, testified and answered questions in her own behalf. 
U.S. ROLE AND STRATEGY IN THE MIDDLE 
EAST 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, after receiving testi-mony from Anne W. Patterson, Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs, and General John R. Allen, USMC (Ret.), Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL, both of the De-partment of State. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Peter Wil-liam Bodde, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to Libya, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Tajikistan, and Kenneth Damian Ward, of Virginia, for the rank of Ambassador during his ten-ure of service as United States Representative to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weap-ons, all of the Department of State, and John Mor-ton, of Massachusetts, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28OC5.REC D28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1146 October 28, 2015 
BIODEFENSE 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the 
state of our nation’s biodefense, after receiving testi-mony from former Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, New York, New York, and Thomas J. Ridge, former Sec-retary of Homeland Security, Washington, D.C., both a Co-Chair, Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Bio-defense. 
RETIREMENT PLAN OPTIONS FOR SMALL 
BUSINESSES 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security concluded a hearing to examine retirement plan options for small businesses, after receiving tes-
timony from Scott Anderson, Static Peak, LLC, Jack-son, Wyoming, on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce; Lance Schoening, The Principal Financial Group, Des Moines, Iowa, on behalf of the American Benefits Council; John J. Kalamarides, Prudential 
Retirement, Hartford, Connecticut; and David Certner, AARP, Washington, D.C. 
VA MENTAL HEALTH 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine Department of Veterans Affairs mental health, focusing on ensuring access to care and action needed to improve access policies and wait-time data, after receiving testimony from Debra A. Draper, Director, Health Care, Government Ac-countability Office; Harold Kudler, Chief Consultant for Mental Health Services, Veterans Health Admin-istration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Roscoe G. Butler, The American Legion, and Jacqueline Maffucci, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, both of Washington, D.C.; Nicholas Karnaze, Stub-ble and ’Stache, Arlington, Virginia; and Dean S. Maiers, Seymour, Connecticut. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3842–3856; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 88; and H. Res. 500–502 were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H7331–32 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7332–33 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 2643, to direct the Attorney General to pro-
vide State officials with access to criminal history in-formation with respect to certain financial service providers required to undergo State criminal back-ground checks, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–316, Part 1); and 
H.R. 2510, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to modify and make permanent bonus de-preciation, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–317, Part 1).
                                                                            Page H7331 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Palazzo to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7251 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:05 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H7264 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Bishop Mar Awa Royel, Assyrian Church of the East, Salida, California.
            Page H7264 Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H7264, H7312 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:58 p.m. and re-
convened at 2:53 p.m.                                             Page H7271 
Trade Act of 2015: The House agreed to the Rog-
ers (KY) motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative 
appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-ex-empt status of certain organizations, with the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–315, modified by the amendment printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–315, by a yea-and-nay vote of 266 yeas to 167 nays, Roll No. 579.
                   Pages H7268–H7312 
H. Res. 495, the rule providing for consideration 
of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1314) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 392 ayes to 37 noes, Roll No. 578, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 325 yeas to 103 nays, Roll No. 577.
                                          Pages H7271–72 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, October 29.
                      Page H7313 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015: H.R. 
2643, to direct the Attorney General to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28OC5.REC D28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1147 October 28, 2015 
State officials with access to criminal history infor-
mation with respect to certain financial service pro-viders required to undergo State criminal back-ground checks;
                                                    Pages H7313–14 
DHS Social Media Improvement Act of 2015: 
Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 623, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to au-thorize the Department of Homeland Security to es-tablish a social media working group; and 
                                                                                    Pages H7314–16 
Northern Border Security Review Act: H.R. 455, 
amended, to require the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to conduct a northern border threat analysis. 
                                                                                    Pages H7316–19 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to Sudan is to continue in effect beyond November 3, 2015—re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and or-dered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–71). 
                                                                                    Pages H7312–13 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
today appears on page H7261. 
Senate Referral: S. 754 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H7261 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7271–72, H7272, H7312. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:55 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
BIG DATA AND AGRICULTURE: INNOVATION AND IMPLICATIONS 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Big Data and Agriculture: Innovation and Implications’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM—A 
UNITY OF EFFORT 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Transition Assistance Program—A Unity of Effort’’. Testimony was heard from Brigadier General James Iacocca, USA, Adjutant General, U.S. Army; Susan Kelly, Director, Transition to Veterans Program Office, De-partment of Defense; Horace Larry, Deputy Chief of Staff, Manpower and Personnel, U.S. Air Force; Major General Burke Whitman, Director, Marine and Family Programs, U.S. Marine Corps; Thomas Yavorski, Executive Director, 21st Century Sailor 
Office, U.S. Navy; and public witnesses. 
ASSESSING DOD’S ASSURED ACCESS TO 
MICRO-ELECTRONICS IN SUPPORT OF U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigation held a hearing entitled ‘‘As-sessing DOD’s Assured Access to Micro-Electronics in Support of U.S. National Security Requirements’’. Testimony was heard from Marie Mak, Director, Ac-quisition and Sourcing Management Team, Govern-ment Accountability Office; Kristen Baldwin, Prin-cipal Deputy, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Systems Engineering, Department of Defense; Andre ´Gudger, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of 
Defense for Manufacturing and Industrial Base Pol-icy, Department of Defense; and Brett Hamilton, Division Chief Engineer for Trusted Microelec-tronics, Naval Surface Warfare Center—Crane. 
RESTORING THE TRUST FOR AMERICA’S 
MOST VULNERABLE 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Restoring the Trust for America’s Most Vulnerable’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a markup on H.R. 3459, the ‘‘Pro-tecting Local Business Opportunity Act’’. H.R. 3459 was ordered reported, as amended. 
BREAKING DOWN BARRIERS TO 
BROADBAND INFRASTRUCTURE DEPLOYMENT 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Breaking Down Barriers to Broadband Infra-structure Deployment’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
UPDATE ON LOW-LEVEL RADIOACTIVE 
WASTE DISPOSAL ISSUES; MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Environment and the Economy held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Update on Low-Level Radioactive Waste Dis-posal Issues’’; and a markup on S. 611, the ‘‘Grass-roots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Whitney, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management, Department of Energy; Michael Weber, Deputy Executive Director of Oper-ations for Materials, Waste, Research, State, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28OC5.REC D28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1148 October 28, 2015 
Compliance Programs, Nuclear Regulatory Commis-
sion; Leigh Ing, Executive Director, Texas Low Level Radioactive Waste Disposal Compact Commission; and public witnesses. S. 611 was ordered reported, without amendment. 
TERROR INMATES: COUNTERING VIOLENT 
EXTREMISM IN PRISON AND BEYOND 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Counterterrorism and Intelligence held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Terror Inmates: Countering Violent Extre-mism in Prison and Beyond’’. Testimony was heard from Jerome P. Bjelopera, Specialist in Organized Crime and Terrorism, Congressional Research Serv-ice, Library of Congress; Tony C. Parker, Assistant Commissioner, Department of Correction, State of Tennessee; and a public witness. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing on a discussion draft of the ‘‘Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Moderniza-tion Act’’. Testimony was heard from Leslie Weldon, Deputy Chief, National Forest System, U.S. Forest Service; Olivia Ferriter, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Budget, Finance, Performance and Acquisition, Na-tional Park Service, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on In-
dian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs held a hear-ing on H.R. 3764, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Kevin Washburn, Assistant Secretary, Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on 
Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3062, the ‘‘Assuring Private Property Rights Over Vast Access to Land (APPROVAL) Act’’. Testimony was heard from Senator Boozman; Representative Womack; Letty Belin, Counselor to the Deputy Secretary, De-partment of the Interior; Steven Jolly, District Man-ager, Arbuckle Master Conservancy District; and public witnesses. 
RADICALIZATION: SOCIAL MEDIA AND 
THE RISE OF TERRORISM 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Radicalization: Social Media and the Rise of 
Terrorism’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
A REVIEW OF THE NETWORKING AND 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH 
AND DEVELOPMENT (NITRD) PROGRAM 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Networking and In-formation Technology Research and Development (NITRD) Program’’. Testimony was heard from Keith Marzullo, Director, National Coordination Of-fice, Networking and Information Technology Re-search and Development Program (NITRD); and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
OCTOBER 29, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
alternative approaches to defense strategy and force struc-ture, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine wel-
fare and poverty in America, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nomination of Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs), and Laura S. H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be the Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Am-bassador, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine protocol 
Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed at Washington on October 2, 1996, signed on September 23, 2009, at Washington, as corrected by an exchange of notes effected November 16, 2010 and a re-lated agreement effected by an exchange of notes on Sep-tember 23, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 112–01), protocol Amend-ing the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the Avoidance of Dou-ble Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed on May 20, 2009, at Luxembourg (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’) and a related agreement effected by the exchange of notes also signed on May 20, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 111–08), conven-tion between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Hungary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28OC5.REC D28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1149 October 28, 2015 
for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention 
of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 4, 2010, at Budapest (the ‘‘proposed Convention’’) and a related agreement effected by an ex-change of notes on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 111–07), the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Re-public of Chile for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed in Washington on February 4, 2010, with a Protocol signed the same day, as cor-rected by exchanges of notes effected February 25, 2011, and February 10 and 21, 2012, and a related agreement effected by exchange of notes (the ‘‘related Agreement’’) on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–08), the Protocol Amending the Convention on Mutual Administrative As-sistance in Tax Matters, done at Paris on May 27, 2010 (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), which was signed by the United States on May 27, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–05), the Protocol Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Kingdom of Spain for 
the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and its Protocol, signed at Madrid on February 22, 1990 (Treaty Doc. 113–04), the Convention between the United States of America and the Republic of Poland for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 13, 2013, at Warsaw (Treaty Doc. 113–05), and the Protocol 
Amending the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Japan for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Pre-vention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and a related agreement entered into by an exchange of notes (together the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), both signed on January 24, 2013, at Washington, together with cor-recting notes exchanged March 9 and March 29, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–01), 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine mental health and substance use disorders in America, focusing on priorities, challenges, and opportunities, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
the nominations of Brian R. Martinotti, and Julien Xa-vier Neals, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of New Jersey, Robert F. Rossiter, Jr., to be 
United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, and Edward L. Stanton III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28OC5.REC D28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1150 October 28, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Thursday, October 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the amendment of the House of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 1314, Bipartisan Budget Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, October 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Election of the 54th Speaker of 
the House of Representatives. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1554 
Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1556 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1558 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1555 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1558 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1553 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1556 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1554 
Foster, Bill, Ill., E1555 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1553, E1553, E1554 Katko, John, N.Y., E1555, E1555, E1556 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1553 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1557 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1556 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1558 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1554 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1554 
Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E1556 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1557 Sires, Albio, N.J., E1555 Takai, Mark, Hawaii, E1553 Trott, David A., Mich., E1557 Young, David, Iowa, E1555, E1557, E1559 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Oct 29, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28OC5.REC D28OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST