Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8157 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2015 No. 168 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Ms. F
OXX). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
November 16, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable V IRGINIA  
FOXXto act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
PAULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving and gracious God, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
Help us this day to draw closer to 
You so that, with Your spirit, and aware of Your presence among us, we may all face the tasks of this day. 
On this day, the House returns when 
the world is even more dramatically aware of the violence that marks these days worldwide. May all people of good-will in every nation be inspired to beat back those who would visit death and destruction upon even the innocent, and may peace, which is so sorely longed for, break forth in our midst. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House. Help them to think clearly, speak confidently, and act coura-geously in the belief that all noble service is based upon patience, truth, and love. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces 
to the House her approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
CONTAINMENT OF ISIS IS NOT A 
STRATEGY 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, 
Friday morning President Obama boastfully declared to the world that ISIS was contained. 
Hours later, Paris was burning. ISIS 
fighters unleashed coordinated attacks all over the City of Lights, murdering 130 people and injuring hundreds of others. This, just weeks after ISIS blew up an airplane, killing over 200 people. 
The President is wrong. ISIS is not 
contained. ISIS’ homicidal aggression has spread from the Middle East to the sleeping West. This morning, the rad-ical killers released a video threat-ening an attack on Washington, D.C. 
Shall we dither until this Capital is 
bombed? I think not. This is our fight, but it is not our fight alone. 
We should immediately invoke arti-
cle 5 of the NATO agreement. This says an attack on one NATO nation—such as France is an attack on all NATO na-tions. This paves the way for a truly joint and international response to ISIS. The U.S. invoked this provision after the 9/11 attack. All 28 NATO nations need to join the 
war against our common enemy be-cause containment is not a strategy. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
A PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS IN 
FLINT, MICHIGAN 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, right 
now in my hometown of Flint, Michi-gan, there is a public health crisis. In the 21st century, in a city of 100,000 people, they cannot deliver safe drink-ing water. They can’t guarantee safe drinking water because of high lead levels. As a result of a decision by a State-appointed financial receiver, the city now has water that is undrinkable. 
I continue to pursue all avenues to 
provide relief to my hometown as they struggle with this crisis, to provide re-lief to the victims and support to that community as it now has to rebuild its water infrastructure. 
The State of Michigan could act to 
forgive the city of its current debt to the Drinking Water Revolving Loan Fund, and it should do that imme-diately. I am pushing for action to do that, and that requires not only the support of the State government but the Federal Government as well. 
The State also must act to provide a 
health fund to provide monitoring, edu-cation in the short term, and assist-ance in the long term to individuals, especially children, who have been ex-posed to high levels of lead. 
What is happening in Flint is a fail-
ure of government. It cannot be al-lowed, and the State and Federal Gov-ernment need to act to help this poor city. 
f 
SYRIAN REFUGEE CRISIS 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.000 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8158 November 16, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, this 
morning my Governor, Governor Ab-bott of Texas, sent a letter to Presi-dent Obama: ‘‘I write to inform you that the State of Texas will not accept any refugees from Syria in the wake of the deadly attacks in Paris.’’ 
This tragedy on Friday follows 
quickly behind Secretary Kerry’s an-nouncement that the United States will be taking in an unprecedented number of refugees. 
Last month the Helsinki Commis-
sion, of which I am a member, held a hearing. Assistant Secretary of State 
Anne Richards said that refugees were fleeing to Europe because they per-ceived those borders to be open. 
Madam Speaker, there can be no per-
ception that our borders are open. Dur-ing my questioning last month, it be-came clear to me that we do not have the procedures in place to perform ade-quate and thorough background checks on refugees. 
President Obama is engaged in what 
may be best described as magical thinking. Certainly, it is a fragmented strategy to combat ISIS. 
The world held a moment of silence 
this morning. We should not be silent on this issue any longer. 
f 
WE STAND WITH FRANCE 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Madam Speaker, as 
we saw on Friday, as most Americans were perhaps heading home for the weekend, at least 129 innocent civilians were killed by terrorists in Paris. 
One of the attacks took place at a 
Paris concert hall, where a band from Palm Desert, California, was scheduled to play. 
Nohemi Gonzalez, an American and 
23-year-old junior at California State University, Long Beach, was doing a semester abroad and was killed while having dinner with her classmates. 
Madam Speaker, our thoughts, our 
prayers, our hearts go out to the fami-lies of the victims and the people of France. We stand with the French peo-ple, just as they stood with us after 9/11 and so many other times in our past, going back to our founding as a nation. 
This attack was a deliberate attempt 
to use violence and the destruction of innocent lives as a means of spreading a hateful ideology against the world. ISIS must be defeated and destroyed, not contained. 
Madam Speaker, we hear rhetoric 
coming from this administration that global warming is the greatest threat. Indeed. Tell that to the families, the victims of what happened in Paris. 
f 
CHAMPIONS OF FREEDOM WILL 
NOT BE STOPPED 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, 
November 13, the world was reminded once again that freedom has its foes when Islamic State militants killed 129 people and injured hundreds more in coordinated terrorist attacks in Paris. 
As we mourn those whose lives were 
lost and pray for the people of France as they confront this terrible tragedy, we must let the adversaries of liberty know that champions of freedom will not be stopped. We will not waver, we will not cede strength, and we will stand firm. 
Today a video released by an Islamic 
State subgroup appears to show mili-tants praising the Paris attacks and warning that a similar attack could take place in Washington. 
Congress will continue to explore 
ways in which we can defeat Islamic State, but it is time for President Obama, who told ABC News on Friday that we ‘‘have contained’’ Islamic State, to take seriously this threat to our Nation and all that we stand for. 
f 
MELANEY SMITH AND BOOKS FOR 
KEEPS 
(Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize a con-stituent in my district who has made a difference in the lives of many stu-dents. 
In 2009, Melaney Smith met a little 
girl in Athens, Georgia, who loved to read but had no books at home to read over the summer vacation. After real-izing this little girl was one of many children in this situation, Melaney de-cided to start Books for Keeps, a non-profit dedicated to keeping children en-gaged in reading by giving them books to take home over the summer. In the 6 years since its founding, Books for Keeps has donated 185,000 books to chil-dren in 10 schools, and Melaney has 
plans to expand it to 15 more next year. 
Many children in rural Georgia don’t 
have regular access to libraries, espe-cially during the summer vacation. Lo-cation and access to transportation pose a difficulty for many, especially low-income students. 
Being married to a schoolteacher, I 
am sure my wife can attest to the frus-tration teachers feel when August rolls around and they have to spend precious class time reviewing and catching up before they can move on. 
Every year in May, Books for Keeps 
sends kids off to summer vacation armed with a variety of titles tailored to their interests to entertain and challenge them over the break. We have Melaney Smith from Athens, Georgia, to thank for her initiative to encourage literacy and to inspire stu-dents. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
WOODALL ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk 
of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 5, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 5, 2015 at 2:05 p.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to S.J. Res. 22. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 6, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 6, 2015 at 9:38 a.m.: 
That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 24. 
That the Senate agreed to (relative to the 
death of Fred Thompson) S. Res. 309. 
That the Senate agreed to without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 92. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 10, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 10, 2015 at 11:20 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 1004. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.003 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8159 November 16, 2015 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 10, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 10, 2015 at 1:58 p.m.: 
That the Senate concur in the House 
amendment to the bill S. 1356. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 10, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 10, 2015 at 5:16 p.m.: 
That the Senate disagree to House amend-
ment to Senate amendment to text of the bill H.R. 22. 
Senate agree to conference asked by the 
House, Senate appointed conferees. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 12, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 12, 2015 at 3:25 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 1203. That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 90. 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment. H.R. 2029. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 16, 2015 at 10:21 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 2280. That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 2262. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 15 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of New York) at 
3 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
KEEP THE PROMISE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 308) to prohibit gaming ac-tivities on certain Indian lands in Ari-zona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 308 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keep the 
Promise Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: (1) In 2002, the voters in the State of Ari-
zona approved Proposition 202, the Indian Gaming Preservation and Self-Reliance Act. 
(2) To obtain the support of Arizona voters 
to approve Proposition 202, the Indian tribes within Arizona agreed to limit the number of casinos within the State and in particular within the Phoenix metropolitan area. 
(3) This Act preserves the agreement made 
between the tribes and the Arizona voters until the expiration of the gaming compacts authorized by Proposition 202. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act— (1) the terms ‘‘Indian tribe’’, ‘‘class II gam-
ing’’, and ‘‘class III gaming’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 4 of the In-dian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703); and 
(2) the term ‘‘Phoenix metropolitan area’’ 
means land within Maricopa County and Pinal County, Arizona, that is north of lati-tude 33 degrees, 5 minutes, 13 seconds north, east of longitude 113 degrees, 20 minutes, 0 seconds west, and west of longitude 110 de-grees, 50 minutes, 45 seconds west, using the NED 1983 State Plane Arizona FOPS 0202 co-ordinate system. 
SEC. 4. GAMING CLARIFICATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Class II gaming and class 
III gaming are prohibited on land within the Phoenix metropolitan area acquired by the 
Secretary of the Interior in trust for the ben-efit of an Indian tribe after April 9, 2013. 
(b) E
XPIRATION .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall expire on January 1, 2027. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman 
from Arizona (Mr. G RIJALVA ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? 
There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 308, the Keep the 
Promise Act, introduced by a bipar-tisan group of Members from the Ari-zona delegation, would preserve an Ari-zona voter-approved gaming compact by prohibiting any Indian casino on land acquired in trust after April 9, 2013, in the Phoenix metropolitan area. This prohibition would expire on Janu-ary 1, 2027, when the current gaming compact negotiated with the Arizona Governor expires. 
This bill helps to resolve public 
promises that were supposedly made in good faith to the voters in Arizona. In 2002, the voters supported the passage of Proposition 202, which limited the number of tribally owned casinos in the State, and it granted tribes exclu-sive rights to operate casinos in Ari-zona. 
During the Proposition 202 campaign, 
a public promise was made by a coali-tion of 17 Arizona tribes, including the Tohono O’odham Nation, to limit ca-sino gaming in the Phoenix metropoli-tan area. 
Unfortunately, one tribe is on the 
verge of breaking that commitment and more than a majority of the tribes in the State are upset. 
The immediate effect of the bill is to 
block the TO Nation from opening an off-operation casino in the Phoenix area. As I mentioned, the bill has bi-partisan support, including a majority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.006 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8160 November 16, 2015 
of the House delegation, the Governor 
of Arizona, and six of the tribes that took part in the Proposition 202 agree-ment. 
It is important to point out that it is 
not just Arizona tribes who support this bill. Tribes from other States are very concerned about what is hap-pening in Arizona. They believe a dan-gerous precedent could be set if this legislation is not signed into law, lead-ing to the expansion of off-reservation casinos. 
Today’s deliberations are not about 
stopping one casino or gaming as a whole. The Keep the Promise Act is about protecting the integrity of the State’s gaming compact, the future of gaming in Arizona, and, ultimately, the future of Indian gaming in this country. 
I would like to thank the gentleman, 
the cosponsor of this legislation, for his leadership on this bill and on this issue. 
I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, as all of us extend our condo-
lences of support to the people of France, to the loss of life, to the friends and loved ones and families of those murdered by terrorism, we ask Congress that the administration have the resolve to defeat and deal with the horror that this terrorism has created not only in France, but in other parts of the world, and our condolences and prayers in support of the victims. 
Today is also a day on which we are 
debating a profit-driven monopoly- seeking piece of legislation under sus-pension, H.R. 308, that seeks to make null and void established law, 18 court and administrative decisions, and in a very real way expose the American tax-payers to at least $1 billion in liability. 
That CBO score has been again vali-
dated and affirmed in the same anal-ysis that was done for S. 152, the com-panion legislation in the Senate. This liability is for an economic taking of the Tohono O’odham Nation. 
Why is this special interest earmark 
that we are talking about today for es-tablished human interest in the East Valley of Maricopa County in Arizona with us today on suspension? Because it is simply a piece of legislation to eliminate competition, to control the gaming market in the metro Phoenix area. The adages about let the market decide and let the consumers have choice does not apply to this piece of legislation. 
Again, why is H.R. 308 under suspen-
sion when very dangerous precedence can be set by H.R. 308 if it were to be-come law? It eliminates existing law that was passed in 1986. It overturns 18 judicial State and Federal Court deci-sions and administrative decisions. 
It opens up a $1 billion taxpayer li-
ability and creates a new category of selective sovereignty in terms of land taken into trust as a result of 1986 leg-islation. It nullifies the tribe’s ability to yield the highest economic develop-
ment from it. 
It is essentially creating a Federal 
law that established a no-competition zone in that part of Maricopa County in the Phoenix metro area. So why not regular order, where amendments can be discussed and we can have a full de-bate? 
Today, Monday, under suspension 
leads one to the belief that there is a deadline involved here, that Congress must pass H.R. 308, and the President must sign H.R. 308 by December 20, when the Tohono O’odham Casino in the West Valley is scheduled to open. 
Hypothetically, it passes the House. 
Then it quickly passes the Senate. Then it goes to the President, is ve-toed, as has been indicated by the ad-ministration. It comes back. The House overrides that veto, and the casino can’t open. 
This scenario places H.R. 308 in na-
tional significance, above things like security and terrorism, tax extenders that need to come before this Congress, transportation—do we extend for addi-tional time until the conference can come up with one package?—general government funding and appropria-tions, Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act, Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund, and the TPP, the trade agreement. 
If H.R. 308 is of this vital national 
importance that it overrides other issues, why suspension and why not have a real debate on the issue? 
In terms of Indian Country priorities, 
where is the legislation of the Carcieri fix? Where is the legislation and fund-ing appropriate for the Indian Health Service? Where are the tribal recogni-tion reforms, as recommended by the administration? Where is the funding for BIA schools? Where is legislation to protect sacred sites? Where is govern-ment-to-government codification for consultation? Why not deal with these issues? Perhaps the lobbying influence and resources are not present to move these items so quickly to suspension. 
But H.R. 308, a special interest piece 
of legislation to protect game and mar-ket share in Maricopa County, Arizona, has this Congress’ total attention. It makes one wonder why, but I think we really know why. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank Chairman Y OUNG and also 
thank Chairman B ISHOP and the leader-
ship of this House for bringing this bill to the floor today. I also want to thank the bipartisan group of cosponsors for their support. I especially want to thank the Members of the Arizona del-egation who have been in support of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
a budgetary impact by Michael Solon, the former senior adviser to the senior leadership; a report from the Council for Citizens Against Government 
Waste; and a letter from the mayors of Arizona regarding this legislation. 
FORMER SENIOR ADVISOR TO SENATE LEADER -
SHIP PROVIDES BUDGET ANALYSIS OF H.R. 
308 
SAYS ‘‘NO BUDGETARY IMPACT ’’ 
The former budget advisor to Senator 
Mitch McConnell and Trent Lott, Michael Solon of U.S. Policy Strategies, has analyzed Congressional Budget Office’s (CBO) most re-cent score of H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act and its companion bill in the Senate, S. 152. 
In the analysis, Mr. Solon finds that the 
‘‘the facts strongly support CBO’s past re-peated positions that the Keep the Promise Act will have no budgetary impact, and will not increase spending or the deficit.’’ 
CBO recently expressed uncertainty on the 
budget score of H.R. 308, stating that they had ‘‘no basis for estimating’’ any potential cost from any future litigation. Yet, Mr. Solon notes that previous CBO analyses of virtually identical legislation found no sig-nificant impact on the federal budget: ‘‘As recently as September 2013, the Congres-sional Budget Office (CBO) found that the Keep the Promise Act upholding the Arizona Tribal-State Gaming Compact ‘would have no significant impact on the federal budget’ and ‘would not affect direct spending or reve-nues.’ 
That analysis mirrors the January, 2012 
CBO report using the identical term of ‘‘no significant impact on the federal budget’’ in its assessment.’’ 
Additionally, Mr. Solon indicates that the 
specific facts of the case make a significant monetary judgment extremely unlikely: ‘‘A full analysis of the legal and factual back-ground strongly supports CBO’s original con-clusion of no budget impact. Under current law, there are tremendous hurdles that the tribe would have to overcome in order to ex-pand gambling operations beyond the limits jointly established by the state government, all the Tribes, and voters through compacts, state laws and referendum. Even if one as-sumed they would be successful absent the Keep the Promise Act, the chances of obtain-ing a significant monetary judgment against the government is extremely low, in par-ticular because other economic uses of the property would not be barred.’’ 
Mr. Solon concludes: ‘‘While CBO is right 
to inform policymakers of information that introduces uncertainty in its cost estimates, in this particular case the facts strongly sup-port the repeated previous positions of the CBO that the Keep the Promise Act will have no budgetary impact, and will not increase spending or the deficit.’’ 
CBO’s recent analysis of the Senate 
version of the Keep the Promise Act adds that it ‘‘would not increase direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four con-secutive 10-year periods beginning in 2026.’’ 
Michael Solon is a partner at U.S. policy 
strategies. He spent two decades on Capitol Hill. In addition to Senators McConnell and Lott, he also worked for Senator Phil Gramm, and Congressman Dick Armey. 
A copy of the report is available upon re-
quest. 
COUNCIL FORCITIZENS AGAINST  
GOVERNMENT WASTE , 
Washington, DC, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. T HOMAS E. P RICE, M.D., 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN , Today, the House of 
Representatives will consider H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act of 2015, introduced by Rep. Trent Franks (R–Ariz.) on January 13, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.014 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8161 November 16, 2015 
The Council for Citizens Against Govern-
ment Waste (CCAGW) is aware of the legisla-tive history of this bill, to include similar 
bills from previous Congresses: H.R. 2938, the Gila Bend Indian Reservation Lands Replace-ment Clarification Act (2011), and H.R. 1410, the Keep the Promise Act of 2013. For each of the previous bills, which are virtually iden-tical to H.R. 308, the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) determined that those bills ‘‘would have no significant impact on the federal budget’’ and that they ‘‘would not af-fect direct spending or revenues.’’ 
However, CBO has failed to provide a defin-
itive score for H.R. 308, due to a virtually un-precedented factor: the risk of potential liti-gation. Of particular concern, CCAGW under-stands that CBO may have been pressured by opponents of the legislation to inject uncer-tainty into the final score. Regardless of the merits of the underlying legislation, CCAGW finds these circumstances to be troublesome. Furthermore, CCAGW understands that, when asked to use litigation risk as a scor-ing factor for other legislation, CBO indi-cated that such an approach was incon-sistent with their established procedures. 
Therefore, without reference to the merits 
of the underlying legislation, CCAGW be-lieves that, in the absence of a definitive score for this bill and given the precedent of two previous estimates that indicated ‘‘no significant impact’’ of virtually identical legislation, thus rendering CBO’s latest scor-ing statement an outlier, passage of H.R. 308 should not reasonably be considered to in-crease spending. 
Sincerely, 
T
HOMAS SCHATZ . 
NOVEMBER 12, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Office of the Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Office of the Democratic Leader, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : 
As the elected leaders of towns and cities in the State of Arizona, we are writing to you to convey our support for H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act of 2015, and urge you to pass this bill as soon as possible. 
In 2002, the people of Arizona voted to ap-
prove a tribal-state compact, which, among other things, prohibited additional casinos from being built in the Phoenix area through 2027. In exchange for this prohibition, tribes were granted the exclusive authority to con-duct gaming within the state. H.R. 308 sim-ply preserves and codifies the will of the Ari-zona people. 
For us, this issue is about more than pub-
lic policy. It is about preserving the integ-rity of our communities by keeping casinos from opening across the street from our schools, churches, and homes. It’s also about maintaining the trust and integrity that was forged over a decade ago between tribes and our governments. 
In 2002, a representative for a coalition of 
17 Arizona tribes testified to the State Sen-ate that the tribal-state gaming compact would not permit the construction of addi-tional casinos in the Phoenix area beyond the number that existed at the time. 
This promise—that there would be ‘‘no ad-
ditional casinos in the Phoenix metropolitan area’’—had the full and complete backing of the Tohono O’odham Nation and other tribes and was widely publicized to Arizona voters who were asked to approve the compact in a state-wide referendum. Now, the Tohono O’odham Nation is building a new casino near Phoenix, in direct opposition to the promises it made, and which voters relied on when they went to the polls. 
The Tohono O’odham Nation has purchased 
land across the street from a high school and is building a Las Vegas style casino 100 miles 
from its primary reservation. This is not what the Arizona voters and other tribes in-tended when they approved the State-tribal gaming compacts. And, more importantly, it is contrary to the statements that Tohono O’odham made to persuade the voters of Ari-zona to support tribal exclusivity for gaming in Arizona. 
That’s why this legislation has the support 
of the Governor, the State Legislature, nu-merous tribal governments, and almost the entire Arizona congressional delegation. Congress is the only entity that can address this issue. We ask that you move quickly to enact this legislation. 
Sincerely, 
L
INDA KAVANAGH , 
Mayor, Fountain 
Hills, Arizona. 
JOHNW. L EWIS, 
Mayor, Town of Gil-
bert. 
GAILBARNEY , 
Mayor, Town of 
Queen Creek. 
JOHNS. INSALACO , 
Mayor, City of Apache 
Junction. 
TOMSCHOAF , 
Mayor, City of 
Litchfield Park. 
MARKW. M ITCHELL , 
Mayor, City of Tempe. 
JOHNGILES, 
Mayor, Town of Mesa. 
W.J. ‘‘J IM’’ LANE, 
Mayor, City of Scotts-
dale. 
JAYTIBSHRAENY , 
Mayor, City of Chan-
dler. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act, seeks to prevent Las Vegas-style gam-ing in the Phoenix metropolitan area until the gaming compact, to which the Arizona tribes agreed and the Ari-zona voters approved, expires in 2027. 
One Tucson area tribe is trying to 
build a major casino on lands that were deceptively purchased in the Phoenix metropolitan area at the very time that they were in negotiations with other tribes in the State to craft this gaming compact duly passed by the voters. 
These actions are contrary to the 
public commitments that this par-ticular tribe made between 2000 and 2002 to the other 16 Indian tribes in the State of Arizona and also to the State voters of Arizona. 
This legislation was then publicly 
supported by the passage of Propo-sition 202, this compact, a State ref-erendum to limit casino gaming in the Phoenix metropolitan area. All parties knew what we were agreeing to, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan cospon-
sors of H.R. 308 are simply trying to hold all the parties to their publicly stated commitment to the people of Arizona not to engage in gaming in the Phoenix metropolitan area. 
Contrary to the opposition’s position, 
Congress does have a role in super-vising tribal gaming. Congress has a long-established history of regulating, managing, and working with the tribes relative to tribal trust land. Most astonishing, Mr. Speaker, is the 
opposition’s argument that the courts have ‘‘upheld’’ the tribe’s right to oper-ate a casino on that parcel of land. In-deed, the court raised serious questions about the tribe’s misconduct, but dis-missed the litigation under the doc-trine of sovereign immunity. This is not a ruling on the merits in favor or against any side, Mr. Speaker. It sim-ply means the court could not or would not issue a ruling. 
This bill passed the House twice be-
fore and it had a zero CBO score. In CBO’s analysis of this exact bill last Congress, they acknowledged the un-certainty of future legal challenges, but did not score those. This is the standard practice. Today any ruling by them to the contrary is a precedent and sets the CBO up for being politi-cally impacted in the future, politi-cally driven in the future. 
Astonishingly, the CBO recently 
scored an addition to the exact same bill this Congress of zero dollars to $1 billion. Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker. The CBO added a score now to this same bill from zero last time to now zero to $1 billion. 
Now, of course, they were lobbied to 
do that in an unprecedented way while admitting it had no basis to issue any conjecture about a possible lawsuit re-sulting from the passage of this bill. 
CBO admits it had no basis to score 
litigation. The CBO has never scored potential litigation on other bills. This score should be ignored as useless and harmful if allowed as a precedent, Mr. Speaker. 
This bill does not impact any tribe’s 
ability to have any lands taken into trust, nor does it impact any water or land claims. Consistent with the intent of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act and Proposition 202, this bill merely re-stricts the ability of tribes to game on 
the very lands on which they them-selves agreed they would not game. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I respect-
fully ask that my colleagues join with me today and the Members of Arizona’s delegation supporting this bill. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to stand with thousands of com-munity voices and jobs in opposition to H.R. 308. 
This legislation not only short-
changes our commitments to our tribal brothers and sisters, but it will do so at exorbitant costs to taxpayers accord-ing to the Congressional Budget Office. 
Construction of the West Valley 
project has been an immense and wel-come addition to communities across Phoenix and beyond. Once fully com-pleted, the project will employ 3,000 people and support their families, jobs we need in our community as we con-tinue to reel as one of the hardest hit areas in the Nation from the Great Re-cession. 
Millions of dollars have flowed into 
the region. More than 45 companies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.009 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8162 November 16, 2015 
have been retained for the construction 
of this project both within Arizona and nationally. 1,300 construction workers are currently under contract, and those 1,300 jobs are just the beginning. 
b1515 
If you want proof, look no further 
than the job fair the tribe recently held on September 28. It drew over 3,000 ap-plicants from the community, 400 of whom were hired on the spot. That number will rise to 500 employees when phase one of the project opens in De-cember, and it will eventually climb to 3,000 full-time employees when the project is completed and staffed. These are new, permanent, good-paying jobs that are badly needed in the West Val-ley. This bill will unnecessarily put these hardworking men and women out of work while costing American tax-payers as much as $1 billion. 
Mr. Speaker, our community sup-
ports these jobs and this project. We cannot afford to play politics when it comes to the bottom lines of our fami-lies and of our local economies. 
I urge my colleagues to stand up for 
local jobs and join me in opposing this job-killing legislation. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ), one who has been 
involved in this issue for many, many years. 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, for several years, I have 
been actively involved in a troubling, off-reservation gaming issue in my home State of Arizona regarding the 
Tohono O’odham Nation. TO has been attempting to open a Las Vegas-style casino—more than 60 miles from its an-cestral lands and reservation in Tucson and in another tribe’s former reserva-tion in the Phoenix metropolitan area—for the sole purpose of gaming. 
This comes after TO and 16 other Ari-
zona tribes adopted a compact, ap-proved by Arizona voters, which ex-pressly promised there would be no ad-ditional casinos or gaming in the Phoe-nix metropolitan area until 2027. TO alone spent $1.8 million in urging Ari-zona voters to rely on this limitation. In exchange for this promise, the vot-ers granted the tribes a statewide mo-nopoly on gaming, and other tribes gave up significant rights. 
Shockingly, a few months after Ari-
zona voters approved Proposition 202, TO finalized a multiyear effort to vio-late this compact and used a shell or-ganization to purchase land in Glen-dale for a casino. TO’s dismissal of their promise to build no additional ca-sinos in Phoenix is not something that Congress can ignore when the result will be so harmful to what has been a national model. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to call at-
tention to critical evidence obtained from the litigation discovery in the State of Arizona v. Tohono O’odham Nation. Here are a few of the important quotations from tribal council meeting transcripts and minutes that were in-cluded in the underlying discovery: 5–18–01: VDI, a TO chartered and 
owned corporation, included in their meeting notes a description of a pres-entation delivered by Mark Curry, TO’s lead negotiator in the gaming compact negotiations. The notes reflect ‘‘107th Avenue-Stadium,’’ ‘‘gaming compact— unsure what will happen,’’ ‘‘put in a shell company—need to keep it quiet, especially when negotiations of com-pact are at stake.’’ 
6–26–01: VDI meeting with TO’s San 
Lucy District Council. ‘‘We are also looking at another project . . . based on discussions we had and continue to have about a casino on the west end of Phoenix, and part of that discussion that we’ve had was that—we didn’t want to publicize that because of the confidentiality in terms of that issue . . . and that’s how we’re holding it—as confidential—because we don’t want, you know, people to know we are seri-ously considering this, because, if you do, I’m sure that there’s going to be a lot of resistance from, you know, the general public.’’ 
8–22–02: VDI meeting transcript dis-
cussing the West Phoenix casino project and whether Governor Hull’s successor would also oppose additional Phoenix area casinos. The meeting transcript states: 
‘‘Max: Because, if that’s going to be 
the position of the State, that they don’t want any more casinos around the Phoenix area, then they’re going to fight it, whoever the new Governor is, if he’s going to go along—he or she go along with Jane Hull regarding taking a position. 
‘‘Jim: Which is why we really want 
to wait until the initiative passes be-fore it gets out.’’ 
2–23–03: VDI meeting transcript dis-
cussing potential political problems with the proposal: 
‘‘Male voice: I just hope that . . . in 
terms of the political—that’s going be to coming—that some of the metro tribes over there don’t come back and jump on us, too . . . 
‘‘Male voice: Might Gila River and 
Salt River indicate that it’s a violation of Proposition 202—metropolitan area? 
‘‘Male voice: Well, that’s what I said 
in terms of political impact, is that even—even those metro tribes, particu-larly those three that are right there, might—might say something.’’ 
Shamefully, TO has falsely been 
claiming a victory in court. Let’s be clear. TO won nothing in court. In fact, the U.S. District Court stated there was evidence that TO made false prom-ises, but, unfortunately, TO’s sovereign immunity barred the court from ruling on this case. In other words, the court ruled that the tribe cannot be sued in court because ‘‘it can’t be sued in court.’’ Any ruling could not consider anything claimed under sovereignty by the tribe, i.e., the tribal minutes, nota-tions in meetings. 
That is the fundamental reason that 
H.R. 308, the Keep the Promise Act, is necessary. Only Congress has the au-thority to hold TO accountable for their shameful, deceitful, and criminal 
actions. This was confirmed again by the Supreme Court in 2014 in the case of Michigan v. Bay Mills Indian Com-munity, when the Court stated that only Congress can act when a tribe raises sovereign immunity. TO acted immorally and covertly against its fel-low tribes, the State, and the general public. We can’t let TO get away with these horrific actions that violate a voter-approved compact and that could upend tribal gaming compacts through-out the Nation. 
Vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 308. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
There have already been 18 court and 
Federal agency rulings favoring Tohono O’odham Nation on this issue, and we can dismiss those court deci-sions by Federal judges—the Ninth Cir-cuit—State judges, administrative hearings with the Interior. We can dis-miss them as not meaning anything. Obviously, the state of the law that was passed in 1986 means nothing. Ob-viously, these court cases and judicial decisions mean nothing because this legislation, H.R. 308, seeks to usurp the law in 1986 and to overrule judicial de-cisions that have been made. 
We keep hearing about the fact that 
there is no standing in those decisions. The latest was a unanimous decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that confirmed, once again, the legal-ity of the tribe’s West Valley project. 
We keep hearing the same myths 
about what the numerous legal out-
comes actually mean for the nation. For instance, we heard just now that the nation won nothing on the merits and that all of the cases had merely been dismissed on the draconian doc-trine of sovereign immunity. 
It doesn’t take a law degree to realize 
that, while the court dismissed some claims for this reason, the courts have, in fact, ruled on the merits of several of the claims in favor of the nation. For example, Judge David Campbell, a George W. Bush appointee, ruled: 
‘‘The parties did not reach such an 
agreement, and the nation’s construc-tion of a casino on the Glendale area land will not violate the compact.’’ 
He ruled: ‘‘No reasonable reading of 
the compact could lead a person to con-clude that it has prohibited new casi-nos in the Phoenix area.’’ 
He ruled: ‘‘The Glendale area land ac-
quired by the nation qualifies for gam-ing under the Indian Game and Regu-latory Act.’’ 
Judge Campbell also ruled: ‘‘No other 
agreements or promises are valid or binding.’’ 
The latest unanimous ruling from 
the Ninth Circuit found that Arizona State law, designed to block the Fed-eral Government from taking land it purchased into trust on behalf of the nation, was unconstitutional and would frustrate the purpose of the law Congress passed to secure replacement lands for the nation. 
The rulings further confirmed that, if 
H.R. 308 is enacted—the land that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.015 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8163 November 16, 2015 
now in trust—the nation’s contractual 
and statutory right to sue to use its land would be violated, and the U.S. taxpayer would be on the hook to pay the nation up to $1 billion in compensa-tion. 
We can’t dismiss those decisions be-
cause it serves the narrative of those who want to keep a ‘‘no competition’’ zone in the Phoenix area. 
With regard to the West Valley—and 
I represent a part of that area up in Maricopa—it is in deep need of stim-ulus and economic development. This would be a huge shot in the arm as evi-denced by the support of the mayors and city councils of Peoria, Tolleson, and Glendale, which is where the ca-sino would be located, representing 670,000 people in that West Valley area. So I would say that there is support in the area, and one cannot merely dis-miss it as if there is not any. 
I want to address the claim of res-
ervation shopping head-on. The pro-ponents of this bill love to throw around the term ‘‘reservation shop-ping.’’ They like to suggest the bad im-ages associated with it. They invoke the ‘‘boogeyman of tribal megacasinos’’ outside of major cities, but that cannot be further from the truth for the Tohono O’odham Nation. This has nothing to do with reservation shopping, and the term is offensive at best. The Tohono O’odham Nation didn’t ask for their land to be flooded and their economic resources to be de-stroyed. They didn’t ask for their agri-cultural way of life to be taken away. They aren’t looking to expand their land base. They are simply trying to replace the land that was destroyed by the Federal Government. 
The Gila Bend Act, which authorized 
the land, is specific only to the Tohono O’odham Nation. The replacement land can only be purchased in one of three counties. In fact, the land in question is in the exact same county, Maricopa, where the flooded land was located, and the replacement land was to be specifi-cally used—and I am quoting from the original Gila Bend Act here of which Senator M
CCAINwas a cosponsor—‘‘. . . 
for sustained economic use which is not principally farming and do not re-quire Federal outlays for construction, and promote the economic self-suffi-ciency or the self-sufficiency of the O’odham Indian people.’’ 
Nothing in this situation is off-res-
ervation. This tribe simply has reserva-tion lands in two places, thanks to being flooded by a Federal project. So let’s please stop talking about ‘‘res-ervation shopping’’ and ‘‘Las Vegas- style casinos’’ when the casinos in these valleys are not Las Vegas-style casinos but something less than— maybe Reno-style casinos, maybe At-lantic City-style casinos. 
The fact remains that this act and 
the land that we are talking about—for the O’odham and the Gila Bend Act— was a replacement to their losing 10,000 acres due to the Painted Hills Dam that was constructed by the Federal Government. All of the rights have 
been affirmed by the courts, and the right for use has been affirmed by the court. We can’t dismiss those judicial decisions as merely inconveniences to some. They are legal decisions; they are binding; the land is in trust. For all intents and purposes, the reservation land and the complication of passing this bill and the complication of future liability for the Federal Government is very much part of the decision that is being made today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
Mr. GOSAR. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Ar-
izona makes my exact point. 
The discovery in the case of the 
State of Arizona v. TO prohibited the discovery of those minutes and tribal minutes in meetings from being al-lowed in the court. That is why the court said they had to find on behalf of TO, but they knew something was wrong. 
As cited earlier in my testimony, the 
Supreme Court ruled once again that Congress—and only Congress—has the jurisdiction over tribal treaties and tribal entities when they claim sov-ereign immunity. Once again, for 2014, the gentleman from Arizona mis-cites that. 
Last but not least, jobs have been 
utilized here, but they should not be utilized by criminal extortion and in violation of the Indian Gaming Regu-latory Act. This has consequences far beyond that, not just for Arizona but across the country. When we passed the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, we ex-pected good faith and to follow the pro-ceedings and to not enhance criminal activity. Obviously, just by my cita-tions in the record, it shows that there was a conspired, extortive extent to which the TO conspired to violate the compact that the voters of Arizona ex-pected to be honored exactly. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I am not going to get into the points 
that were made about extortion and immorality. 
What is going on here is that this 
piece of legislation, H.R. 308, seeks to target just one tribe, the Tohono O’odham Nation, in order to retro-actively prohibit a specific casino which is on their reservation land and which is almost completely con-structed and will soon be operational. Other wealthy special interests don’t want the competition. It is as simple as that. 
We have talked about the court 
cases, the agency’s ruling, and the land’s being taken into trust. The tribe is right in that their West Valley ca-sino is well within the conditions of the Arizona Gaming Compact, and it has been upheld by the courts; but that hasn’t stopped the special interests and the wealthy lobbyists from pushing this reckless bill year after year. b1530 
By supporting H.R. 308, I think the 
Members are setting a dangerous prece-dent. You are saying that no matter what the obligations are to our Native Nations by a previous Congress, no matter what was promised to them and agreed in law, no matter what was de-cided and ruled upon by a court, no matter the process undertaken by the administration—you are opening up a very, very dangerous area—that you can unilaterally undo, by the request of outside interests for one tribe, their ability to take full advantage of the law that was passed in 1986 and to make them whole again economically. 
You are opening up an era of selec-
tive sovereignty where Congress can dictate the terms for how and when a tribe can assert its own self-determina-tion and self-governance. That is akin to Congress being the sole determiner of recognizing who is a Native tribe and who isn’t. 
I believe that this bill, H.R. 308, is 
going to have serious ramifications for this Congress if it is passed and ever were to become law. The precedent set here is a dangerous precedent that ex-
tends beyond the one tribe that is being targeted now. It’s the O’odham Nation being targeted now. What would prevent this same kind of situation in a different light, under different cir-cumstances on a different issue from another tribe being targeted and lim-ited as to the use of their land and under law? 
Mr. Speaker, let me close by saying 
that this controversial and potentially costly legislation really has no place on the suspension calendar. At the very least, Members deserve the opportunity to fully debate H.R. 308 and to offer amendments to address the serious concerns raised by the legislation. 
For example, the bill should be 
amended to guarantee that any Federal liability resulting from litigation sparked by H.R. 308—liability that the CBO estimates could be as high as $1 billion—shall not result in a reduction in funding for any Bureau of Indian Af-fairs programs. We should not punish the rest of Indian country for the greed of a few. 
Second, the legislation should be 
amended to clarify that this prohibi-tion on gaming should not apply to land specifically authorized by Con-gress as compensation for trust lands destroyed by the Federal agency ac-tion. If the bill is designed to stop so- called off-reservation gaming and res-ervation shopping, it should clearly ex-empt reservation lands provided to a tribe to replace land that the Federal Government destroyed. 
If the aim of H.R. 308 is to enforce 
Arizona’s tribal-State gaming compact, this legislation should be amended to be clear that gaming can take place as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.017 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8164 November 16, 2015 
long as it is conducted pursuant to the 
compact. 
Bringing H.R. 308 to the floor under 
suspension is unfair, and it only serves the interests of those who would rather not discuss the issues highlighted by these and other amendments. 
Finally, let me reiterate that regard-
less of how you voted the last time around, this is a completely different situation. As of July 2014, the land is now in trust. It is now part of the Tohono O’odham Reservation. This ca-sino is set to open for business next month. If this legislation was unfair before, it is now just shameful. 
Mr. Speaker, there was only one 
promise that was made that needs to be kept; the solemn promise this gov-ernment made to the Tohono O’odham Nation with the passage of the Gila Bend Act in 1986. H.R. 308 will break that promise. It will set a dangerous precedent for settled land claims and will forever be a black mark on the dealings with Indian nations. 
I urge Members to oppose H.R. 308. I 
remind my colleagues that this piece of legislation, while tempered and pro-moted for interests, carries with it ex-tensive liability, dangerous precedents, and deserves a full, regular order de-bate, which we are not going to have today. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, 
how much time do I have left? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
W
ALKER ). The gentleman has 6 minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This has been a good debate. Of 
course, I brought this bill to the floor on behalf of the mostly unanimous Ari-zona delegation. My role in this is that I am, in fact, the prime author of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act itself. 
I would suggest that what is being 
proposed here and the opposition to it, H.R. 308 does not affect land into trust and is a temporary halt. All this bill does is stop the opening of this casino, which they did, I believe, under the guise of dishonesty to the general pub-lic. Promises made, promises kept. 
When the Governor and all the tribes, 
including the Tohono O’odham Tribe, agreed and signed a compact not to ex-pand gambling in the State of Arizona, as they were doing so, in signing the compact, they were in preparations to buy this land, not telling anybody, not acknowledging or thinking of another casino. At least they should have had the courage and the guts not to sign the compact. 
It went to the public. Promises made 
to the public. It would never have passed. Gambling in Arizona would not be there if they did not have this un-derstanding there would be no expan-sion. 
Now we have a group—and don’t talk 
about greed, et cetera. There are people in that group who are just as greedy, trying to take and establish a gam-
bling place where they said they wouldn’t do it. That was the compact. That was the understanding with the State. That was the State legislative body. 
Then we hear on the other side we 
can’t vote for this because it is going to take jobs away. Away from whom? Other Natives. Other American Indi-ans. 
Remember, these casinos were built 
on a platform, a model of how many people go in and how many people come out. That is how you make these casinos pay, and that was the under-standing and the plan that all the tribes agreed to. They all signed it, and we have documentation of that. 
It was voted on by the general public 
because the general public did not want an expansion of gambling within the State of Arizona. It passed in good faith, but the faith was not that good. It was not the spirit and intent of the Indian Gaming Act at all. It broke the compact with the State and the people of the State. That is what we have to think about. 
There is a factor here that was not 
exposed during the conference and in negotiating with the State and with the tribes. It was not exposed yet. It was taking place, not in sincerity but, in fact, in dishonesty. 
I don’t like to get involved in these 
tribal wars, but what is being encour-aged here is wrong with that compact. The promise made by the people for the people and with the people and with the tribes, and you are asking us not to stop that. 
This is a good piece of legislation to 
make sure a dishonest act does not take place. A breaking of a promise while you are holding your hand behind your back with your fingers crossed when you have the other hand up swearing, that is what occurred. 
So I am asking my colleagues to lis-
ten to the Arizona delegation and the Governor. I am asking my colleagues to think about a promise made should be kept and only the Congress will make sure it is kept. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 308, the 
Keep the Promise Act is a close call on the merits. However, as I have stated in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD before (for example on 
September 25, 2012), when a bill is controver-sial and a close call on the merits, we should not be considering it under suspension of the rules. Accordingly, I cannot vote to suspend the rules. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today the House is scheduled to consider H.R. 308, the ‘‘Keep the Promise Act of 2015’’ which would prohibit gaming on property near Glendale, Arizona that is owned by the Tohono O’odham Nation and held in trust by the United States. The Tohono O’odham Na-tion is currently constructing a resort and ca-sino on this property and expects to begin op-erations within a year. 
The Congressional Budget Office expects 
that if this legislation were enacted, the tribe would pursue litigation against the federal gov-ernment to recover its financial losses from 
foregone gaming revenue. For this reason, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that possible compensation payments from the government could range from nothing to more than $1 billion. However, the Congressional Budget Office concludes that it has no basis for estimating the outcome of the future litiga-tion. 
Budget enforcement is among my top prior-
ities for the 114th Congress. It is my intention to ensure compliance with the Congressional Budget Act and House Rules as they apply to budget enforcement on the floor. However, given the considerable uncertainty of the budget impact of this legislation as concluded by the Congressional Budget Office, it is my position that a definitive score for this legisla-tion cannot be determined. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 308. 
The question was taken. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FAIRNESS TO VETERANS FOR IN-
FRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1694) to amend MAP–21 to im-prove contracting opportunities for veteran-owned small business concerns, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1694 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fairness to 
Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTER-
PRISES. 
Section 1101(b) of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 101 
note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2) by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(C) V ETERAN -OWNED SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERN .—The term ‘veteran-owned small busi-
ness concern’ has the meaning given the term ‘small business concern owned and con-trolled by veterans’ in section 3(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘and vet-
eran-owned small business concerns’’ before the period at the end; and 
(3) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(B) in clause (iii) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) veterans.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.019 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8165 November 16, 2015 
the gentlewoman from the District of 
Columbia (Ms. N ORTON ) each will con-
trol 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on H.R. 1694. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by express-
ing my deepest condolences to the fam-ilies, friends, and loved ones of those killed in last Friday’s terrorist attacks in Paris. My prayers go out to them, the French people, and all those lovers of freedom and peace who have been shaken by this very savage attack. 
As Americans, we are too familiar 
with the specter of terrorism. Fourteen years ago, on September 11, 2001, ter-rorists attacked our homeland. 9/11 was a call to action for tens of thousands of men and women who enlisted and served in our Nation’s Armed Forces in defense of the American ideals that we all hold so dear. 
Now, each year, more than 250,000 of 
these post-9/11 veterans are returning home and transitioning into civilian life after service and continue to serve as leaders in our communities and in our economy. In fact, one quarter of these veterans say they are interested in starting or buying their own busi-nesses. This is exactly, Mr. Speaker, the kind of entrepreneurial spirit that makes America work. 
To support these heroic individuals 
and to put their unique skills and com-mitment to best use, the Federal Gov-ernment has a role to play in empow-ering them to succeed in the private sector, especially in terms of Federal contracting. A number of agencies do. 
For example, Mr. Speaker, the Vet-
erans Administration has been a leader in engaging the veteran-owned small- business community within their agen-cy, working on contracting and pro-curement and seeing the benefits of in-creased veteran involvement. In fact, this week, in my own State of Pennsyl-vania, the VA, in collaboration with other Federal agencies and partners, will host its fifth national veterans small-business engagement event. This event is expected to attract nearly 3,000 veteran businessowners and focus on promoting and supporting veteran- owned small businesses’ access to eco-nomic opportunities. VA Secretary Robert McDonald said the event high-lights the agency’s ‘‘commitment by offering veteran businessowners the tools they need to thrive in the Federal marketplace. We want to do all that we can to help our veterans be successful,’’ he said. However, while these veteran 
businessowners will be making valu-able inroads into working within the Federal contracting and procurement programs, they won’t be talking about rebuilding our Nation’s infrastructure through competing for Federal con-tracts. 
That is because even with the im-
mense amount of work facing the De-partment of Transportation, its small- business contracting program doesn’t put veteran small businesses on a level playing field when competing for con-tracts. That is a real problem, not only for missed opportunities for veteran- owned businesses but missed opportu-nities to put veteran-owned firms on the front lines of our battle to rebuild our infrastructure. 
While I am a supporter of having a 
completely level playing field through-out Federal contracting for every small business, the fact is that today, some get a preference when doing business with the Federal Government where veterans do not. While 10 percent of federally funded infrastructure projects are set aside for small busi-nesses, our veterans are excluded from competing equally. That is not fair, and that is why I rise today to offer bi-partisan legislation to address it. 
My bipartisan Fairness to Veterans 
for Infrastructure Investment Act is a simple, yet powerful update to current law. It would allow veteran-owned small businesses to compete in an ex-isting infrastructure small-business program known as the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise Program or DBE. This simple legislation is critical to both the shared goal of creating and sustaining jobs for our veterans and re-building our Nation’s infrastructure. 
This bill is an idea that my constitu-
ents in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, know as fairness to veterans and they support it. 
b1545 
When I visit veteran-owned small 
businesses across my district which have received their veteran-owned small-business certification, it is easy to see its impact on their outlook. Con-
necting veteran-owned businesses to the contracting power of the Federal Government opens the door for in-creased production, the hiring of addi-tional staff—oftentimes veterans them-selves—and opens doors to national op-portunities. 
But it is not just Pennsylvania vet-
erans who would benefit from this measure. Fairness to Veterans would level the playing field for more than 380,000 veteran-owned construction firms across the Nation. And it is not just construction firms that will ben-efit. There are, in fact, a variety of in-dustries involved, such as personnel, administrative, engineering, land-scaping, utilities, and information technology. So this is an issue that af-fects all veteran-owned small busi-nesses. 
With this obviously positive impact, 
it is easy to see why the American Le-gion—one of the foremost organiza-
tions advocating for veterans in the workforce—backs this bill. Its 2.3 mil-lion members support providing parity for veterans in all small-business gov-ernment contracting programs. 
Here is what they just said in a mes-
sage to all of our offices: 
‘‘The Fairness to Veterans for Infra-
structure Investment Act of 2015 is a bipartisan, commonsense, and ‘no cost to the taxpayer’ update of existing leg-islation that redresses the exclusion of veteran small businesses when the framework of the DBE program was originally drafted. 
‘‘Currently, only half of the States 
meet their DBE goals. Adding veteran small businesses to this program would increase the pool of eligible firms at the States’ disposal. For States that already meet their goals, this bill does not affect them or the small-business contractors that they employ. 
‘‘We cannot in good conscience stand 
idle while our veterans are precluded from this Federal program.’’ 
Members of this body from both sides 
of the aisle should see the positive im-pact that can be made by putting the most trained workforce in history on the job of rebuilding our Nation’s roads and bridges. That is what the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Invest-ment Act is all about. 
As a member of the Congressional 
Veterans Jobs Caucus and an advocate for tens of thousands of veterans in my district in the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan effort. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, flags throughout the 
Nation are at half staff, and, coinciden-tally, we have just celebrated our own Veterans Day. We particularly feel that celebration here in the District of Columbia where we have served our country since it was created and still have no vote on this floor, even though the residents of the city I represent pay the highest taxes per capita of any residents anywhere in the United States, including our veterans, who continue to go to war without a vote. 
But this afternoon, Mr. Speaker, in 
the wake of Veterans Day, the House is considering several bills that will ben-efit the Nation’s veterans. I strongly support much of this legislation. I be-lieve that many of these bills will pass the House without a single dissenting vote. 
Regrettably, that is not the case, Mr. 
Speaker, for H.R. 1694, which I cannot support because, as currently drafted, it may cause destructive harm to the Department of Transportation’s Dis-advantaged Business Enterprise, or DBE, program, which helps combat his-toric discrimination against women and minority-owned small businesses. 
The DBE program helps level the 
playing field and provides an oppor-tunity for these small businesses to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.021 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8166 November 16, 2015 
fairly compete for highway and transit 
construction contracts. Regrettably, this bill could destroy the entire pro-gram, taking everything down with it, including the veterans it purports to add. 
The U.S. Supreme Court has been 
very clear in determining that the DBE program must be subject to the highest standard of constitutional review by the courts, known as the strict scru-tiny test, to be constitutional. Under the strict scrutiny test established by the U.S. Supreme Court, the DBE pro-gram must be narrowly tailored to serve a compelling governmental inter-est. 
To meet these objectives, State De-
partments of Transportation and pub-lic transit agencies must certify indi-vidual DBE businesses and conduct ex-tensive disparity studies to determine the appropriate goal for awarding con-tracts to the small businesses owned by women and minorities in a particular community or State. That is a very rigorous standard. 
The bill before us today, however, 
adds all veteran-owned businesses without the constitutionally mandated study. I emphasize that service-con-nected disabled veterans are and al-ways have been included. They are a narrowly tailored group of veterans. However, the change offered today threatens the constitutionality of the existing DBE program because it would no longer clearly meet one of the two essential elements of the Supreme Court test. 
The most important is that the pro-
gram be narrowly tailored to address the continued effects of discrimination, which the disparity study must have already shown. Thus, although the bill has a worthy objective, it has an unin-tended consequence of threatening the very program designed to help level the playing field for small businesses owned by women and minorities and, as would happen, veterans as well. It just would blow up the whole program. 
The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. 
C
UMMINGS ) and I have met extensively 
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) to outline these con-
cerns. Mr. C UMMINGS and I, in response, 
developed an alternative approach to create a veteran-owned business enter-prise program within the Department of Transportation. Under that pro-gram, there would be a national goal to ensure that veteran-owned small busi-nesses receive highway and transit con-struction contracts. Moreover, this program would not undermine the con-stitutionality of the existing DBE pro-gram. 
Mr. C
UMMINGS and I introduced that 
bill earlier today, and I had hoped, in the spirit of compromise that is nec-essary to save the program at this point, we could proceed with that com-promise proposal that would achieve all of our objectives: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ’s 
objectives and the objectives that have been in the bill since the 1980s. Regret-tably, we have not yet reached any such agreement on this approach with 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania prior to today’s consideration of H.R. 1694. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
opposing the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, only in the Nation’s 
Capital, only in Washington, D.C., would somebody ever make the argu-ment that adding veterans to any Fed-eral program would make it weaker, but that is the argument we just heard. The fact is, of the hundreds of thou-sands of veteran-owned small busi-nesses in the United States of America, the owners of many of them are women veterans, the owners are minority vet-erans. 
I just want to address some of the ar-
guments that my colleague from the District of Columbia has made, two in particular. 
First, the Fairness to Veterans for 
Infrastructure Investment Act does not presume that veterans are socially and economically disadvantaged for pur-poses of the DBE program. Instead, the veteran-owned small businesses are given the exact same definition that they have in other contracting pro-grams through the Small Business Act. The DBE program was set up to assist certain classes of small businesses, and this bill does not affect those busi-nesses, number one. 
Number two, the Fairness to Vet-
erans for Infrastructure Investment Act uses existing Small Business Act definitions requiring that businesses be 51 percent owned or controlled by vet-erans. The certification process and the screening was put in place by the De-partment of Transportation regula-tions, a similar process that would apply to veteran-owned small busi-nesses. Additionally, any business par-ticipating in the DBE program could also be publicly owned. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I do want 
to note that the gentleman is correct that women are covered. They are al-ready covered. One-third of those cov-ered under the DBE category of minor-ity and ethnic groups are minorities. So we do have large numbers of women and minorities covered, and the dis-parity studies have been done as to them. 
No disparity studies have been done 
as to veterans as a whole. If the gen-tleman wants to do such a study, we in-vite him to work with us in doing a dis-parity study on veterans rather than blowing up the whole program. 
I now yield 4 minutes to the gen-
tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ), 
a member of the committee and my good friend. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I also thank her for her leadership as the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Highways and Transit of 
the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
This past week, our Nation paused to 
honor the extraordinary service of our Nation’s veterans. The foundation of America’s military is not ships or mis-siles, and it isn’t tanks or jets. The foundation of our military is the men and women who voluntarily serve, the ones who give their blood, sweat, and tears to make sure that we have the freedom that we experience every day. 
Too often those who have served our 
country, particularly after the terrible events of 9/11, have faced significant challenges finding civilian employ-ment. Earlier this year, the Bureau of Labor Statistics released a report on veterans’ employment in 2014. Accord-ing to the BLS, last year there were more than 21 million men and women who had served in our Armed Forces, or approximately 9 percent of our civil-ian population. 
The BLS found that in 2014 the job-
less rate for all veterans was 5.3 per-cent, while the unemployment rate for veterans who had served since 9/11 was 7.2 percent. The BLS also found that the unemployment rate for veterans in my home State of Maryland was 8.5 percent, the highest among all 50 States. 
According to data drawn from the 
Census Bureau’s Survey of Business Owners in 2007, there were nearly 2
1⁄2 
million businesses in the United States of which veterans comprised the major-ity ownership. Together, these busi-nesses had receipts of approximately $1.2 trillion. Nearly half a million of these businesses were also employers, with a combined annual payroll of ap-proximately $210 billion. 
Now, I agree with Representative 
F
ITZPATRICK that we must expand pro-
grams that help veterans find employ-ment after their service ends and that we should expand contracting opportu-nities in the highway and transit pro-grams for small businesses owned by veterans. I just don’t think adding vet-erans to the existing DBE program is the right way to accomplish these goals. 
Adding veteran-owned small busi-
nesses to the DBE program would force the veteran-owned businesses to com-pete with disadvantaged business en-terprises already participating in the program for contracting opportunities. The best way to help veterans is to es-tablish a Federal participation goal that is specifically for veteran-owned small businesses and business concerns separate and apart from the DBE pro-gram. 
b1600 
Today I and several of my colleagues 
introduced legislation to accomplish just that. Our bill, H.R. 3997, would amend the MAP–21 program to create a 10 percent aspirational goal for vet-eran-owned small-business concerns. 
Setting a specific and separate goal 
for veteran-owned businesses would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.038 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8167 November 16, 2015 
consistent with existing Federal con-
tracting programs while ensuring that veterans do not have to compete with any other business under the aspira-tional goal. 
Setting a separate goal would also 
ensure that we do not make changes to the DBE program that could open the program to new legal challenges that could limit the program’s ability to serve either DBEs or veterans. 
I hope that my colleagues across the 
aisle agree to work with us to create a program that will provide the max-imum benefit to veterans, which is a Veterans Business Enterprise program with its own aspirational goals. 
To that end, I join Ranking Member 
N
ORTON in urging Members to oppose 
the bill currently before us in favor of creating a program that will serve vet-erans and only veterans. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the com-
ments of my colleagues. I would just indicate that this is not a bill that was just recently filed. This was filed and has been pending in the House since 2012, when I first filed the Fairness to Veterans Act, seeking to put our vet-erans to work as they are coming off the battlefield and coming back into a difficult economy, many of them start-ing businesses because they are entre-preneurial, because they are hard workers, and because they have those skills that they achieved while defend-ing our Nation with our training. They want to put it back in the economy and help get their country’s economy mov-ing again. 
Many of them found that, as they 
were competing for contracts, they were not on a level playing field. I indi-cated that for 5 years this policy has been pending and there have been too few meetings to try to forward the idea of helping our Nation’s veterans com-pete. 
For 5 years our Federal Government 
has been measuring the DBE program. On the 10 percent contracting goal that is set forth in the Disadvantaged Busi-ness Enterprise program, for 5 years in a row, 25 of the 50 States—half of the States—never met their 10 percent goal. 
So when we hear that we don’t want 
our Nation’s veterans competing against others within the 10 percent set-aside, first of all, half the 10 per-cent set-aside is not being met. Num-ber two, I think we do want competi-tion. I think we do want our Nation’s veterans competing. 
It will not only be good for our Na-
tion’s veterans, it will be good for all enterprises, all businesses, in this country. Competition is what built this country. Competition will help put our Nation’s veterans back to work and get our roads and bridges rebuilt, which is 
a big and important job. 
Mr. Speaker, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN ). The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has 91⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, 
with respect to that big and important job that our Nation’s veterans are pre-pared for, I would say that we know that they are up to the challenge, and the statistics prove it. 
There are 250,000 veterans 
transitioning each year from military to civilian life, and they are looking for their next mission. A quarter of them say they want to start or buy their own business in the future. That is something that we should celebrate, encourage, and support. 
They join the nearly one in seven 
veterans who are self-employed or are small-business owners right now. The impact of veteran-owned businesses and entrepreneurs with a veteran back-ground on our economy is impressive. 
There are currently 3.7 million vet-
eran-owned businesses in the United States, accounting for more than $1.6 trillion in receipts and employing 8.2 million people. Of them, there are more than 380,000 veteran-owned construc-tion firms, 414,519 veteran-owned firms in the professional, scientific, and technical services, and over 10 percent of all manufacturing firms are veteran owned. These are the people that would stand to benefit from this common-sense bill. 
Unfortunately, the numbers also 
show that 75 percent of current veteran business owners are over the age of 55. That means we need to support the next generation of veteran small-busi-ness owners. The Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Act lays that groundwork. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The gentleman said there haven’t 
been enough meetings. I met with the gentleman more than once and then wrote an extensive memo on the prob-lems with the bill. 
You just can’t divide veterans the 
day after Veterans Day. You can’t di-vide this House on the question of vet-erans, not when we have offered an en-tire program for veterans. 
So I don’t know what is so sacred 
about being in this particular program. In fact, the gentleman mentioned that minorities and women were not, in fact, meeting all of their goals. There-fore, some of those goals are left on the table. 
That is a very important point. Be-
cause being a minority or a woman is not enough to qualify you for this—and I don’t even want to call it a set-aside for this goal is not a set-aside. So these minorities and women have to show equivalent skills with others who are competing. It is not an easy thing to do. 
So it is not a question of whether 
there are some leftover points to be picked up by veterans. The DBE pro-gram has 30 years of history in the United States Supreme Court. 
Mr. Speaker, even with that history, 
every time this bill is passed the DBE program is challenged. Each time the 
Justice Department, under Democratic and Republican Presidents, have de-fended it as a narrowly tailored pro-gram. 
Recognizing that history and the 
strict, narrowly tailored standard, the gentleman was offered a way for vet-erans to, in fact, be recognized in transportation and infrastructure pro-grams. 
He was offered a way that is probably 
even better than the program that unites minorities, women, and, I might add, service-disabled veterans, who are a narrowly tailored group that is al-ready included. 
But instead of accepting this offer, he 
has decided he wants to blow up the en-tire DBE program for veterans and ev-eryone else. We can’t agree to such a destructive approach, particularly when we have offered the gentleman a way for veterans to be recognized. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is disappointing to 
hear the motives behind my interest in putting our Nation’s veterans back to work being mischaracterized on the floor, the 5-year effort from 2011 to 2015 where I patiently worked on both sides of the aisle, where I patiently intro-duced bills, where I patiently signed up sponsors and cosponsors on both sides of the aisle. 
Only in Washington, D.C., would you 
say that, after 5 years’ worth of legisla-tive work on an issue to help our vet-erans, we are rushing something to the floor. That is what is being suggested here today. 
In fact, this bill is the product of 
years of work, much of that work hand in hand with The American Legion. And, Mr. Speaker, this is what The American Legion has to say: On behalf of the 2.3 million members of The 
American Legion, I would like to ex-press my support for H.R. 1694, the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act. 
This bill passed as a resolution at the 
National Convention of The American Legion. They supported the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Investment Act. It was Resolution 339. It passed The American Legion’s 2014 national convention. 
It states that The American Legion 
‘‘supports legislation to ensure equal parity for all veterans in all small- business government contracting pro-grams, thus ensuring no veteran pro-curement program is at a disadvantage in competing with any other govern-ment procurement program established by law.’’ 
The American Legion supports the 
passage of this legislation. It also goes on to applaud the leadership in ad-dressing this critical issue facing our Nation’s servicemembers and veterans. Mr. Speaker, that is from Michael Helm, National Commander of The American Legion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.025 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8168 November 16, 2015 
Let me add that we are not just talk-
ing about construction firms, as I said earlier. We are talking about a wide swath of veteran businesses that will be impacted. 
This is what The American Legion 
pointed out at their national meeting. They pointed out that: This bipartisan, commonsense, and no cost to taxpayer update of existing legislation redresses the exclusion of veteran-owned small businesses when the framework of the DBE program was originally drafted, such as personnel, administrative, en-gineering, landscaping, utilities and in-formation technology. So, again, this is an issue that affects all veteran- owned small businesses. 
That is from Joe Sharpe, Director of 
The American Legion’s Veterans Em-ployment and Education Division. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The gentleman mentioned 5 years 
that he has put into his bill. His party has been in power the past 5 years. As far as I know, he never asked for a hearing so that these issues could be clarified. I am sure that, if he had, we might have been able to iron this out. 
Even without a hearing, based on 
what the Supreme Court has said, we have no choice but to oppose the bill as he has offered it, in not differentiating among the veterans he is speaking about, but putting in a global group, which has never been done or approved. 
We have barely been able to get the 
Supreme Court to agree to let such programs prevail, but we have always succeeded in getting the Court to un-derstand that past discrimination has been shown through disparity studies. Without any disparity studies, the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania means to march straight up to the Supreme Court and say: We are veterans. Ap-prove us anyway. 
Nobody opposes veterans, particu-
larly at this time, following what we have seen in Paris. The way to make sure that veterans are not left out is to sit down with us and figure it out, not to barnstorm the floor in the hope that, since you are in the majority, it will pass. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from 
the District of Columbia indicated that there has not been a hearing in the House of Representatives in the rel-evant subcommittees or committees on the Fairness to Veterans for Infra-structure Investment Act. 
The fact is, for 5 years, this bill has 
been pending. Anybody on the com-mittee, including Ms. H
OLMES NORTON  
of the District of Columbia, could have asked for and had a hearing. 
It is a shame that, after 5 years, 
there was no hearing. But we have a hearing now on the floor here on this bill. In addition to the Transportation 
Committee, the bill was also referred to the Small Business Committee. The American Legion testified on the bill within one of their subcommittees. 
So there was a hearing. There was 
testimony. There was an opportunity for all Members to question and to fol-low up on those questions and to sub-mit material after the hearing was over. 
So, after 5 years of debate, after 5 
years of negotiation, after 5 years of working with committees and sub-committees, this bill was prepared to be voted on here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  
the letter from The American Legion dated April 22, 2015, signed by National Commander Michael D. Helm, in sup-port of the Fairness to Veterans for In-frastructure Investment Act. 
THEAMERICAN LEGION , 
Washington, DC, April 22, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL FITZPATRICK , 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARREPRESENTATIVE FITZPATRICK : On be-
half of the 2.3 million members of The Amer-ican Legion I would like to express support for H.R. 1694, the Fairness to Veterans for In-frastructure Investment Act. 
Resolution 339, passed at The American Le-
gion’s 2014 National Convention states that The American Legion ‘‘. . . supports legisla-tion to ensure equal parity for all veterans in all small business government contracting programs, thus ensuring no veteran procure-ment program is at a disadvantage in com-peting with any other government procure-ment program established by law.’’ 
This bill would work to achieve this end, 
by making veteran-owned small businesses (VOSBs) eligible for Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE) programs of the Depart-ment of Transportation (DoT). Veterans are not presumed to be socially or economically disadvantaged for purposes of DBE programs; instead the proposed legislation would make VOSBs independently eligible by estab-lishing VOSBs as a separate entity who count for the purposes of the 10 percent goal as set by DoT. 
Again, The American Legion supports pas-
sage of this legislation, and applauds your leadership in addressing this critical issue facing our nation’s service members and vet-erans. 
Respectfully, 
M
ICHAEL D. H ELM, 
National Commander. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This is the first time I have ever 
heard a Member from the majority say that a Member from the minority should have asked for a hearing on his bill. If you are in the majority and you want a hearing on your bill, that is your obligation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ), my 
good friend, for the purpose of a col-loquy. 
b1615 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
first of all, let me just say that we just finished celebrating Veterans Day, and as the ranking member, I support vet-erans 100 percent. Also, as a minority, I have a question 
for the gentlewoman because we just celebrated the 1965 Voting Rights Act and, of course, minorities have had a tough time participating in many pro-grams. 
Can you tell me, if this amendment 
passed, how will this affect the MBA, the minority business program in transportation? 
We have both been on this com-
mittee. I have been on it for over 23 years, and we know it has to be nar-rowly tailored, or else we will have no programs. 
Ms. NORTON. I thank the gentle-
woman for her question. 
Unfortunately, there is some very 
rough history to prove what needs to be done. It is not as if we are specu-lating on what the constitutional standard is. The constitutional stand-ard has been developed. The States have to do their disparity studies all over again to show that groups should still be included. Some groups may fall out. 
This is delicate work, and in our con-
stitutional government, we don’t say every worthy group should have a pref-erence. We need to make a showing, and if that showing isn’t made, then the matter will not stand. 
If you want to give a very, very pain-
ful example of that, let’s take the Vot-ing Rights Act. The Supreme Court of the United States overturned, about 5 years ago, the Voting Rights Act. 
Guess why, Mr. Speaker? They said 
there had been some changes, and that people of color could now vote, as they couldn’t always vote when the Voting Rights Act was passed. And so they threw it back to this Congress, and said: All right, you can have a Voting Rights Act but you must update the Act to show that there is still a dis-parity in voting. There are pending now three bills in order to do that. 
But if the Supreme Court did that on 
the Voting Rights Act, where the dis-crimination was perhaps the most ap-parent, from poll taxes to lynching, you can imagine where we would be on DBE, and we have got 30 years of court history to show it. 
We all want to do the best that we 
possibly can for our veterans. The way to do that is to sit down and design a bill that would, in fact, pass constitu-tional muster. We know how to do it. 
This is not a matter of the ego of 
whoever introduces the bill. It is a matter of how you make sure that vet-erans, in fact, are designated, in a con-stitutional way, for participation in the soon-to-be-signed-by-the-President surface transportation bill. 
Mr. Speaker, how much time do I 
have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia has 45 seconds remaining. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, we have 
done the best we could for our veterans in speaking for this bill today. We re-main open to assuring that the vet-erans participate in the funds that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.026 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8169 November 16, 2015 
about to come from the transportation 
and infrastructure bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we 
know that we must rebuild our crum-bling infrastructure in this country. That is not a question. 
In fact, in my home State of Pennsyl-
vania, 15 percent of roads are in poor condition, and there are over 5,200 structurally deficient bridges. There is plenty of work to do, work which will be supported by the bipartisan passage of the other week’s 6-year surface transportation bill. 
What we can decide today, with my 
Fairness to Veterans Act, is if it will be in our Nation’s interest that our veterans will help to lead that work. 
Let’s salute our veteran small-busi-
ness owners by empowering them to re-build America and passing the Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Invest-ment Act, a bipartisan, commonsense, no-cost-to-the-taxpayer update of ex-isting legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this simple bipartisan pro-posal and pass this measure. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1694. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FUNDS TO THE ARMY 
CORPS OF ENGINEERS TO AS-SIST WITH CURATION AND HIS-TORIC PRESERVATION ACTIVI-TIES 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3114) to provide funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire vet-erans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation ac-tivities, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3114 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) The Corps of Engineers and other Federal 
agencies are required to preserve and catalogue artifacts and other items of national historical significance that are uncovered during the course of their work (notably under part 79 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations). 
(2) Uncatalogued artifacts within the care of 
Federal agencies are stored in hundreds of re-positories and museums across the Nation. 
(3) In October 2009, the Corps of Engineers, 
Center of Expertise for the Curation and Man-agement of Archaeological Collections, initiated 
the Veterans’ Curation Program to employ and train Iraq and Afghanistan veterans in archae-ological processing. 
(4) The Veterans’ Curation Program employs 
veterans and members of the Armed Forces in the sorting, cleaning, and cataloguing of arti-facts managed by the Corps of Engineers. 
(5) Employees of the Veterans’ Curation Pro-
gram gain valuable work skills, including com-puter database management, records manage-ment, photographic and scanning techniques, computer software proficiency, vocabulary and writing skills, and interpersonal communication skills, as well as knowledge and training in ar-chaeology and history. 
(6) Since 2009, a total of 241 veterans have 
participated in the Veterans’ Curation Program, including the current class of 38 participants. Of the 203 graduates of the program, 87 percent have received permanent employment in a field related to training received under the program or chosen to continue their education. 
(7) Experience in archaeological curation 
gained through the Veterans’ Curation Program is valuable training and experience for the mu-seum, forensics, administrative, records manage-ment, and other fields. 
(8) Veterans’ Curation Program participants 
may assist the Corps of Engineers in developing a more efficient and comprehensive collections management program and also may provide the workforce to meet the records management needs at other agencies and departments, in-cluding the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SEC. 2. TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT FOR VET-
ERANS AND MEMBERS OF ARMED FORCES IN CURATION AND HIS-TORIC PRESERVATION. 
Using available funds, the Secretary of the 
Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall carry out a Veterans’ Curation Program to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Secretary in carrying out curation and historic preservation activities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and the gentlewoman 
from California (Mrs. N APOLITANO ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 3114. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
As our veterans return home, they 
deserve opportunities for employment in addition to our thanks for their brave sacrifice and service. 
I believe one of the greatest respon-
sibilities our government has is to en-sure the members of our military, both Active and retired, and their families have opportunities upon returning home. 
Our veterans gave a career of service 
to their country, risked their lives in combat, and experienced long periods of separation from their families. 
The Veterans Curation Program was 
created to give veterans the oppor-tunity to adjust to a civilian work en-vironment and learn important skills while processing at-risk archeological 
collections belonging to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
By investing in servicemembers, the 
Veterans Curation Program is building on the skills that veterans acquire dur-ing military service, including leader-ship, teamwork, and attention to de-tail. 
Working under the direct supervision 
of professionals in the field of archae-ology, the veterans receive competitive pay and technical training in a peer-to- peer veterans environment. I urge all Members to support the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I too rise in support of 
H.R. 3114, as stated by my colleague, a bipartisan bill, introduced along with my colleague, Congressman R
ODNEY  
DAVIS from Illinois, to permanently au-
thorize available funds from the Army Corps of Engineers to hire veterans for curation and historic preservation of archaeological sites, items of historical value during their excavation and dur-ing other related activities. 
It is very notable that, on the legisla-
tive week immediately following Vet-erans Day, the House is considering im-portant legislation to provide job training assistance to hire and train our veterans. 
As part of our government’s effort to 
protect our Nation’s archaeological heritage, Federal agencies are required to provide curation and preservation services to professional museums and archival practices. 
In 2009, the Army Corps of Engineers 
began training veterans in archae-ological processing activities, using temporary funds provided by the Amer-ican Reinvestment and Recovery Act, otherwise known as ARRA. 
For 6 years, veterans have enrolled in 
the program, and have been acquiring valuable job skills, including but not limited to computer database manage-ment, records management, scanning, and photographing records and arti-facts. These are skills further pre-paring our veterans for today’s com-petitive job market by giving them valuable, hands-on experience. 
As of earlier this year, 231 veterans 
have gone through the program, and currently they have 38 veterans in this current class. 
As a direct result of the program, 139 
veterans have obtained permanent em-ployment; 39 have continued their edu-cation, either at colleges, universities, or in certificated programs. 
Not only does the Corps’ Veterans 
Curation Program educate, train, and employ veterans, the program’s jobs are tailored to fit the capabilities of disabled veterans. The Corps under-takes these activities in three facilities across our country, located in Georgia, Virginia, and Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I are 
grateful for the chance to provide our veterans an opportunity to continue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.042 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8170 November 16, 2015 
healing by carrying out meaningful 
work and job training that is helping them and their families reintegrate, become more productive, and that is so beneficial to our Nation. 
I urge all my colleagues to support 
making this worthwhile program per-manent and joining me in passing this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a program that 
is very worthwhile. It is one of the agency’s many efforts to continue help-ing our veterans be able to get job training, get job skills, and be able to sustain their families in a way that may make them feel whole again. I do ask all my colleagues to support this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3114, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PARTNERS FOR AVIATION 
SECURITY ACT 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3144) to require con-sultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee regarding modi-fications to the prohibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3144 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
The Act may be cited as the ‘‘Partners for 
Aviation Security Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AVIATION SECURITY ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE CONSULTATION. 
The Administrator of the Transportation 
Security Administration shall consult, to the extent practicable, with the Aviation Se-curity Advisory Committee (established pur-suant to section 44946 of title 49 of the United States Code) regarding any modification to the prohibited item list prior to issuing a de-termination about any such modification. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON THE TRANSPORTATION SECU-
RITY OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Transportation Security Oversight Board (established pursuant to section 115 of title 49, United States Code), the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that includes general information on how often the Board has met, the current composition of the Board, and what activities the Board has undertaken, consistent with the duties specified in subsection (c) of such section. The Administrator may include in such re-port recommendations for changes to such section in consideration of the provisions of section 44946 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ERMS .—Subparagraph (A) of section 
44946(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) T
ERMS .—The term of each member of 
the Advisory Committee shall be two years but may continue until such time as a suc-cessor member begins serving on the Advi-sory Committee. A member of the Advisory Committee may be reappointed.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION .—Paragraph (5) of sec-
tion 44946(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘under this subsection’’. 
SEC. 5. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘prohibited item 
list’’ means the list of items passengers are prohibited from carrying as accessible prop-erty or on their persons through passenger screening checkpoints at airports, into ster-ile areas at airports, and on board passenger aircraft, pursuant to section 1540.111 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on January 1, 2015). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 3144, the Partners for Aviation Security Act of 2015. 
b1630 
Mr. Speaker, this important bipar-
tisan legislation ensures that the crit-ical decisions affecting the transpor-tation security of the United States are not made in a vacuum without the input and perspective of relevant trans-portation stakeholders. 
Unfortunately, the Transportation 
Security Administration has a trouble-some history when making sweeping policy changes at the expense of the traveling public and other affected par-ties, such as aviation workers, air-ports, airlines, vendors, and law en-forcement. 
Specifically, H.R. 3144 requires the 
Administrator of TSA to consult, when possible, with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee before deter-mining whether to modify the prohib-
ited items lists for passenger aircraft. 
In the 113th Congress, the Sub-
committee on Transportation Security conducted oversight of efforts to mod-ify the prohibited items list after TSA made a sweeping decision to do so without appropriate prior consultation with stakeholders. By codifying the Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee, or ASAC, the committee has a proven record of ensuring that TSA consults with stakeholders on impor-tant matters of transportation security when appropriate. 
This commonsense legislation adds 
to this record. Another important pro-vision of this bill requires that the Sec-retary of Homeland Security submit a report to both Congress and the Trans-portation Security Oversight Board, in-cluding important information on the Board’s composition and activities. This report may include recommenda-tions for Congress and the Department to improve the Board and ensure that it is meeting the original intent of pro-viding review to transportation secu-rity-related regulations and making a meaningful contribution to the secu-rity of our Nation’s critical transpor-tation systems. 
Each and every day, Mr. Speaker, 
there are new and evolving threats to the security of America’s traveling public, and it is the important work of the Department of Homeland Security and TSA to ensure that travelers are safe and to mitigate threats against transportation. In this regard, it is of the highest importance that relevant partners in transportation security are engaged and included in ongoing dia-logue on important policy matters being considered. 
I wish to thank the chairman of the 
full committee, Mr. M
CCAUL, as well as 
the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. K
ATKO , 
for their work in bringing this bill to the floor today and conducting critical oversight efforts to secure America’s transportation systems. Additionally, I wish to thank the bill’s author, Con-gressman P
AYNE , for his hard work and 
dedication to this issue. Finally, I would like to thank the ranking mem-ber of the full committee, Mr. T
HOMP -
SON, for supporting this important leg-
islation. 
Collaboration is the key to effective 
security, and it is the prerogative of the Committee on Homeland Security to ensure that open lines of commu-nication exist between stakeholders, TSA, and DHS. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3144, the Partners for Aviation Secu-rity Act. I introduced H.R. 3144, the Partners for Aviation Security Act, to 
ensure that the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’s key domestic partner for aviation security, the Avia-tion Security Advisory Committee, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.032 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8171 November 16, 2015 
positioned to contribute to aviation se-
curity policy. 
Before beginning, Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to say that our thoughts and prayers are with the families of those that were lost on the Metrojet flight originating from Egypt recently. 
The safety and security of the trav-
eling public is vital, and the work of the Transportation Security Sub-committee, of which I am a member, is extremely important, as we address issues and vulnerabilities that affect the Nation’s aviation sector. 
As many of you will recall, Mr. 
Speaker, in 2012, then-TSA Adminis-trator John Pistole unilaterally made changes to the prohibited items list al-lowed onto passenger planes to include small knives and sporting goods equip-ment. Almost immediately, there was an outcry against this decision from a broad range of stakeholders. Our com-mittee heard from flight attendants, pilots, passenger groups, and others about the security and safety risks as-sociated with this change. 
Like many Americans, I was pleased 
that TSA ultimately decided to with-draw its changes to the prohibited items list. However, I believe TSA should consult the Aviation Security Advisory Committee, or ASAC, before implementing new security protocols. Enactment of H.R. 3144 would ensure that such consultation occurs. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3144 also includes 
language to ensure that there is con-tinuity in the ASAC’s operations even when there are changes to its member-ship. In general terms, given that most of our Nation’s critical infrastructure is owned and operated by the private sector, it is important that DHS main-tain close partnerships with the pri-vate sector to execute its missions and programs. 
When it comes to aviation security, 
such partners are essential insofar as TSA cannot effectively carry outs its mission at our Nation’s airports with-out buy-in from the air carriers, air-port operators, labor unions, passenger groups, airport vendors, and tech-nology companies. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to ac-
knowledge that this bill was approved unanimously in committee and thank 
our cosponsors; the chairman of our committee’s Subcommittee on Trans-portation Security, Mr. K
ATKO ; the 
chairman of the full committee, Mr. M
CCAUL; and the ranking member of 
the full committee, Mr. T HOMPSON . I 
am pleased that the committee has worked in a bipartisan fashion to ad-vance this timely piece of legislation. 
Together we send a strong message 
to TSA and the American flying public about our commitment to ensuring that sensible and effective security policies are in place at our Nation’s airports. For these reasons, I urge Members to support H.R. 3144. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 3144. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 3144, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE 
PROTECTION ACT 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1073) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to se-cure critical infrastructure against electromagnetic threats, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1073 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Critical In-
frastructure Protection Act’’ or the ‘‘CIPA’’. 
SEC. 2. EMP PLANNING, RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT, AND PROTECTION AND PREPAREDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121) is amended— 
(1) in section 2 (6 U.S.C. 101), by inserting 
after paragraph (6) the following: 
‘‘(6a) EMP.—The term ‘EMP’ means— ‘‘(A) an electromagnetic pulse caused by 
intentional means, including acts of ter-rorism; and 
‘‘(B) a geomagnetic disturbance caused by 
solar storms or other naturally occurring phenomena.’’; 
(2) in title V (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.), by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 526. NATIONAL PLANNING FRAMEWORKS 
AND EDUCATION. 
‘‘The Secretary, or the Secretary’s des-
ignee, shall, to the extent practicable— 
‘‘(1) include in national planning frame-
works the threat of EMP events; and 
‘‘(2) conduct outreach to educate owners 
and operators of critical infrastructure, emergency planners, and emergency re-sponse providers at all levels of government of the threat of EMP events.’’; 
(3) in title III (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), by add-
ing at the end of the following: 
‘‘SEC. 318. EMP RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In furtherance of domes-
tic preparedness and response, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and in consultation with other relevant agencies and depart-ments of the Federal Government and rel-evant owners and operators of critical infra-structure, shall, to the extent practicable, conduct research and development to miti-gate the consequences of EMP events. 
‘‘(b) S
COPE.—The scope of the research and 
development under subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: 
‘‘(1) An objective scientific analysis of the 
risks to critical infrastructures from a range of EMP events. 
‘‘(2) Determination of the critical national 
security assets and vital civic utilities and infrastructures that are at risk from EMP 
events. 
‘‘(3) An evaluation of emergency planning 
and response technologies that would ad-dress the findings and recommendations of experts, including those of the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack. 
‘‘(4) An analysis of technology options that 
are available to improve the resiliency of critical infrastructure to EMP. 
‘‘(5) The restoration and recovery capabili-
ties of critical infrastructure under differing levels of damage and disruption from various EMP events.’’; and 
(4) in section 201(d) (6 U.S.C. 121(d)), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(26)(A) Prepare and submit to the Com-
mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate— 
‘‘(i) a recommended strategy to protect 
and prepare the critical infrastructure of the American homeland against EMP events, in-cluding from acts of terrorism; and 
‘‘(ii) biennial updates on the status of the 
recommended strategy. 
‘‘(B) The recommended strategy shall— ‘‘(i) be based on findings of the research 
and development conducted under section 318; 
‘‘(ii) be developed in consultation with the 
relevant Federal sector-specific agencies (as defined under Homeland Security Presi-dential Directive–7) for critical infrastruc-tures; 
‘‘(iii) be developed in consultation with the 
relevant sector coordinating councils for critical infrastructures; and 
‘‘(iv) include a classified annex as needed. ‘‘(C) The Secretary may, if appropriate, in-
corporate the recommended strategy into a broader recommendation developed by the Department to help protect and prepare crit-ical infrastructure from terrorism and other threats if, as incorporated, the strategy com-plies with subparagraph (B).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended— 
(1) by adding at the end of the items relat-
ing to title V the following: 
‘‘Sec. 526. National planning frameworks 
and education.’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end of the items relat-
ing to title III the following: 
‘‘Sec. 318. EMP research and development.’’. 
(c) D
EADLINE FOR RECOMMENDED STRAT -
EGY.—The Secretary of Homeland Security 
shall submit the recommended strategy re-quired under the amendment made by sub-section (a)(4) by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit a 
report to Congress by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act describing the progress made in, and an esti-mated date by which the Department of Homeland Security will have completed— 
(1) including EMP (as defined in the 
amendment made by subsection (a)(1)) threats in national planning frameworks; 
(2) research and development described in 
the amendment made by subsection (a)(3); 
(3) development of the comprehensive plan 
required under the amendment made by sub-section (a)(4); and 
(4) outreach to educate owners and opera-
tors of critical infrastructure, emergency planners and emergency response providers at all levels of government regarding the threat of EMP events. 
SEC. 3. NO REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
Nothing in this Act, including the amend-
ments made by this Act, shall be construed to grant any regulatory authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.035 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8172 November 16, 2015 
SEC. 4. NO NEW AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
This Act, including the amendments made 
by this Act, may be carried out only by using funds appropriated under the authority of other laws. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AYNE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1073, the Critical Infrastructure Protec-tion Act of 2015. 
The threats to the Nation’s critical 
infrastructure continue to evolve. Threats today come in all forms: phys-ical, cyber, and electromagnetic pulse, or EMP, events. 
H.R. 1073 is a commonsense piece of 
legislation because it would ensure that DHS plans and addresses threats to critical infrastructure from EMP events. Specifically, this bill would re-quire the Department of Homeland Se-curity to include EMP events in na-tional planning frameworks. It would also ensure DHS conducts outreach and educates owners and operators of crit-ical infrastructure, emergency plan-ners, and emergency responders about the threat of EMP events. Finally, this legislation requires the Secretary to conduct research and development to mitigate the consequences of EMP events. 
I would like to thank my colleague 
from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ) for author-
ing this important legislation. I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1073, the Critical Infrastructure Protec-tion Act. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1073 would require 
the Department of Homeland Security to undertake research, planning, and educational activities to mitigate the potential consequences of electro-magnetic pulses and geomagnetic dis-turbances on critical infrastructure such as public utilities and national se-curity assets. As the Congressional Budget Office noted in its analysis, the Department is currently carrying out programs similar to those required by the bill. 
Along those lines, I think it is impor-
tant to identify the elements of EMP and GMD preparedness and response 
activities that are common to the ex-isting preparedness and response ef-forts as set forth in the national plan-ning frameworks. These national plan-ning efforts identify roles and respon-sibilities for disaster prevention, pro-tection, mitigation, response, and re-covery activities, and this bill will in-clude consideration of EMPs. 
It is also important to distinguish be-
tween EMP, or electromagnetic pulses, and GMD, or geomagnetic disturb-ances. There are significant differences in the nature of the threats, the science behind their impacts, and the range of options for potential solu-tions. 
EMP weapons are most generally rec-
ognized as thermonuclear weapons that may be launched on missiles designed to explode in the upper atmosphere and produce intense, short-duration, tar-geted energy that can impact a wide range of technologies and industries. An EMP blast could disrupt and poten-tially destroy electronic devices in the affected area with consequences ex-tending to critical infrastructures that rely on microprocessor-based elec-tronic devices. 
In contrast, geomagnetic fluctua-
tions, or GMDs, result from solar weather activity. Severe GMD events may produce varying effects on the power system depending on orientation of the solar storm, latitude, trans-mission line characteristics, the geol-ogy of an affected area, and the design of the power system. The effects of GMD are believed to be primarily lim-ited to reliability of the bulk power system, while the effects of an EMP could cross multiple infrastructures and technologies. 
Given that any EMP is likely to be 
the result of an international attack or warlike activity on the United States or its neighbors, DHS may need to partner with the Department of De-fense. Going forward, I urge Members to be mindful of the broad range of pre-paredness demands on DHS. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield 5 minutes to the distin-guished gentleman from Arizona (Mr. F
RANKS ). 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the gentleman. 
Mr. Speaker, I am sincerely grateful 
to all of those who have supported the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. I am especially grateful to Chairman P
ETE SESSIONS for his cosponsorship 
and his committed partnership on this bill, as well as, of course, to Chairman M
CCAULand to the leadership team of 
this House for allowing this legislation to come to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I think it is an espe-
cially appropriate time for us to pause and reflect on the tragedies that have occurred in France and to stand in soli-darity with those people who are part of the free world and do the best they can to fight terrorism and to survive its effects. My prayers are with them, 
and it is ironic that today we are here dealing with legislation to try to help mitigate our own vulnerabilities to po-tential attacks that could come in the future. 
b1645 
Mr. Speaker, electromagnetic pulse, 
or EMP, can be catalyzed by non-nuclear intentional electromagnetic interference, a major solar storm, or a high-altitude nuclear blast. EMP is an invisible force of ionized particles with the potential to overwhelm and destroy our present electrical power grids, which are a vital component of nearly every other critical infrastructure we have. 
Reducing America’s vulnerability to 
naturally occurring or weaponized electromagnetic pulse is a timely and critical matter of national security. During the past several decades, Amer-ica has spent billions of dollars hard-ening many of our critical defense as-sets, including our nuclear triad and our missile defense components, against natural or weaponized electro-magnetic pulse. 
However, the Department of Defense 
relies upon the largely unprotected ci-vilian grid for 99 percent of its elec-tricity needs in the continental United States, without which it cannot affect its mission. 
Twelve years ago, in August of 2003, 
an electromagnetic pulse knocked out a large portion of the electric grid across the eastern United States. Fifty million people were affected after 21 power plants shut down in just 3 min-utes. Office workers streamed into parking lots and many commuters were stranded inside their trains. 
In a matter of moments, the things 
that make up our critical infrastruc-ture, from the electric grid to water 
pumps, to cell phone service, to com-puter systems, were disrupted. Lives suddenly changed that day in New York City, Cleveland, Detroit, and all the way into Canada. In New York City alone, this short blackout was esti-mated to cost more than a half billion dollars. 
There are at least 11 major govern-
ment reports now that have all come essentially to the same conclusion re-garding our vulnerabilities to electro-magnetic pulse. Some of America’s most enlightened national security ex-perts, as well as many of our enemies or potential enemies, consider a well- executed weaponized electromagnetic pulse against America to be a ‘‘kill shot’’—let me say that again—a ‘‘kill shot’’ to America. 
However, our civilian grid remains 
fundamentally unprotected against se-vere EMP, and for it to remain so is an open invitation to our enemies to ex-ploit this dangerous vulnerability. 
Indeed, the National Intelligence 
University recently translated an Ira-nian military doctrine called ‘‘Passive Defense.’’ This doctrine stresses that electrical grids are vital to the na-tional existence of major powers in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.025 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8173 November 16, 2015 
world like America. It includes a for-
mula for calculating the value of elec-trical power plants and for prioritizing the targeting of electric grid compo-nents and other critical infrastruc-tures. Mr. Speaker, this Iranian mili-tary doctrine referenced the use of nu-clear-generated electromagnetic pulse as an effective weapon more than 20 times. 
Now that the Islamic Republic of 
Iran begins to enjoy the bounty of their nuclear negotiations, it should be a wake-up call to all of us that the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism is contemplating the concept of nuclear-generated electromagnetic pulse as an asymmetric weapon against America. 
Thankfully, Mr. Speaker, we are here 
this day to pass the Critical Infrastruc-ture Protection Act, which, if signed into law, will represent the first time in history that Congress will be specifi-cally addressing this dangerous threat of electromagnetic pulse. 
This legislation will enhance the 
DHS threat assessments for EMP through research and reporting re-quirements. It will help the United States prevent and prepare for such an event by including large-scale black-outs into our critical existing national planning scenarios, including edu-cational awareness for first responders to protect critical infrastructure. Most importantly, it requires a specific plan for protecting and recovering the elec-trical grid and other critical infra-structure from a dangerous electro-magnetic pulse event. 
Mr. Speaker, finally, there is a mo-
ment in the life of nearly every prob-lem when it is big enough to be seen by reasonable people and still small enough to be addressed. Those of us in this Chamber and across America live in a time when there still may be op-portunity for the free world to address and mitigate the vulnerability that naturally occurring or weaponized EMP represents to the mechanisms of our civilization. This is our moment. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
acknowledge the remarks by the gen-tleman from Arizona in reference to the solidarity in which we stand with the French people. As it has been stat-ed now and called, this terrorist attack is their 9/11. I just wanted to be on the R
ECORD to acknowledge the comments 
of the gentleman from Arizona. We stand with the French people in soli-darity. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield 3 minutes to the distin-guished gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ). 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman, my dear friend from Georgia, for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 1073, the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act. 
Over the past decade, our Nation has 
seen an unprecedented expansion in the use of electronics, Mr. Speaker. These 
electronics have transformed our econ-omy, our homes, our families, and, really, the way we do business and have become an integral part of our daily lives. 
Unfortunately, this technology is 
also susceptible to new types of poten-tial threats, threats that have been talked about on this floor by not only Mr. F
RANKS , but also our friend, Mr. 
CARTER , and others. 
Today electromagnetic pulses, known 
as EMPs, could dramatically disrupt electronic activity and severely dam-age our electrical grids and everything that stands under those grids. Exam-ples of EMP threats include those gen-erated from a geomagnetic solar flare, from a terrorist short-range missile, cybersecurity attacks, or from a phys-
ical assault on a utility or a power plant. 
The Critical Infrastructure Protec-
tion Act that we are talking about today and that we hope to pass is an important first step towards protecting our Nation from potential catastrophic nationwide blackouts. 
I would like to recognize Frank 
Gaffney, the president and founder of the Center for Security Policy. Frank has provided the leadership not only by meeting with me, but also working with Mr. F
RANKS and hundreds of other 
Members to let us know not only about this important critical infrastructure policy need, but also to make sure that we educate and spread awareness to not only our constituency, but other Members of Congress, regarding the new types of potential threats and oc-currences, such as an electromagnetic pulse attack, that could dramatically alter our way of life. 
I would also like to recognize, as I 
have previously done, our leader in Congress on this issue, my dear friend, Arizona Congressman T
RENT FRANKS . 
Mr. F RANKS and I have spoken about 
this issue for years. We have worked hard with the chairman of Homeland Security, as well as leadership in this House, to make sure that we accom-plish this legislation now. 
Ultimately, the Critical Infrastruc-
ture Protection Act is simply the first step towards getting the U.S. closer to protecting ourselves from a potentially catastrophic nationwide blackout. It is simply the first step, Mr. Speaker. I know this will begin a national dia-logue, a dialogue that needs to take place and that has already been begun by such leaders as former Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Vice Presi-dent Dick Cheney. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the House 
today for taking up this important leg-islation, ask that my colleagues pay attention to understand this bill, and vote for it because support and passage of H.R. 1073, the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, is important to the American people and our way of life. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
In closing, I would like to note that 
H.R. 1073 puts focus on EMP and GMD preparedness response in a reasonable 
manner. It does so in a way that does not come at the detriment of preparing for other more likely or more poten-tially lethal events. 
I would also reiterate that there are 
activities already underway at DHS to improve preparedness activities for an EMP event. For example, it is my un-derstanding that DHS is looking at in-cluding EMP as an annex to the Fed-eral Interagency Operational Plans currently in development. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge pas-
sage of H.R. 1073. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support H.R. 1073. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak in support of H.R. 1073, the Critical In-frastructure Protection Act of 2015. 
As a senior member of the House Com-
mittee on Homeland Security as well as the Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Com-mittee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism and Investigations, I am well aware of the im-portance of our nation’s critical infrastructure and for this reason I support H.R. 1073. 
The bill amends the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 by adding the definition of ‘‘EMP’’ to mean: (1) an electromagnetic pulse caused by intentional means, including acts of terrorism; and (2) a geomagnetic disturbance caused by solar storms or other naturally occurring phe-nomena. 
Directs DHS to: (1) include in national plan-
ning frameworks the threat of EMP events; and (2) conduct outreach to educate owners and operators of critical infrastructure, emer-gency planners, and emergency response pro-viders of the threat of EMP events. 
The bill also directs DHS to conduct re-
search and development to mitigate the con-sequences of EMP events, including: an ob-jective scientific analysis of the risks to critical infrastructures from a range of EMP events; determination of the critical national security assets and vital civic utilities and infrastruc-tures that are at risk from EMP events; an evaluation of emergency planning and re-sponse technologies that would address the findings and recommendations of experts, in-cluding those of the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electro-magnetic Pulse Attack; an analysis of avail-able technology options to improve the resil-iency of critical infrastructure to EMP; and the restoration and recovery capabilities of critical infrastructure under differing levels of damage and disruption from various EMP events. 
DHS will make recommendations to Con-
gress on a strategy to protect and prepare the critical infrastructure of the nation against EMP events, and provide biennial updates on the status of developing a defense against EMP strategy. 
Electricity and the national electric grid are 
of vital importance to our national and domes-tic security interest. 
There were 3 strategic imperatives that 
dives the Federal approach to strengthen crit-ical infrastructure security and resilience: re-fine and clarify functional relationships across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.043 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8174 November 16, 2015 
the Federal Government to advance the na-
tional unity of effort to strengthen critical infra-structure security and resilience; enable effec-tive information exchange by identifying base-line data and systems requirements for the Federal Government; and implement an inte-gration and analysis function to inform plan-ning and operations decisions regarding crit-ical infrastructure. 
Effective security for our nation’s critical in-
frastructure requires a national unity of effort based upon strategic guidance from the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
I introduced H.R. 85, Terrorism Prevention 
and Critical Infrastructure Protection Act, which directs the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to work with critical infrastructure owners and operators and state, local, and territorial to take proactive steps to address All Hazards that would impact: national security; economic stability; public health and safety; and or any combination of these. 
The Jackson Lee bill, just as H.R. 1703 is 
intended to do, would reduce vulnerabilities associated with potential terrorist attacks that target critical infrastructure by supporting a co-ordinated partnership among federal agencies; critical infrastructure owners and operators and local, state, and tribal authorities. 
Last, Friday’s terrible attacks in Paris only il-
lustrates the inhumanity of those who are America’s enemies—the enemies of all of those who cherish freedom. 
I join my colleagues in the House in offering 
my deepest sympathies to the people of Paris especially to the families of those killed. 
Our commitment to our national security 
should and must extend to the security needs of our allies in the struggle against violence and terrorism—France. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for 
H.R. 1703. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1073, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DIGNIFIED INTERMENT OF OUR 
VETERANS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1338) to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the burial of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1338 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Dignified Inter-
ment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
STUDY ON MATTERS RELATING TO BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF VETERANS IN NATIONAL CEME-TERIES. 
(a) S TUDY AND REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later 
than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— 
(1) complete a study on matters relating to the 
interring of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the Na-tional Cemetery Administration; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on the findings 
of the Secretary with respect to the study re-quired under paragraph (1). 
(b) M
ATTERS STUDIED .—The matters studied 
under subsection (a)(1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) Determining the scope of issues relating to 
unclaimed remains of veterans, including an es-timate of the number of unclaimed remains of veterans. 
(2) Assessing the effectiveness of the proce-
dures of the Department of Veterans Affairs for working with persons or entities having custody of unclaimed remains to facilitate interment of unclaimed remains of veterans in national ceme-teries under the control of the National Ceme-tery Administration. 
(3) Assessing State and local laws that affect 
the ability of the Secretary to inter unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries under the control of the National Cemetery Adminis-tration. 
(4) Developing recommendations for such leg-
islative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(c) M
ETHODOLOGY .— 
(1) N UMBER OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS .—In esti-
mating the number of unclaimed remains of vet-erans under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may review such subset of applicable entities as the Secretary considers appropriate, including a subset of funeral homes and coroner offices that possess unclaimed veterans remains. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT OF STATE AND LOCAL LAWS .— 
In assessing State and local laws under sub-section (b)(3), the Secretary may assess such sample of applicable State and local laws as the Secretary considers appropriate in lieu of re-viewing all applicable State and local laws. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES 
PAID TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE EM-PLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘, of which, during fiscal year 2016, not more than an aggregate amount of $2,000,000 may be paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs who are members of the Senior Executive Service.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-
woman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks or to add any extraneous mate-rial they may have on H.R. 1338, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I do urge all Members 
to support H.R. 1338, the Dignified In-terment of Our Veterans Act of 2015. 
This very important bill, which was 
introduced by my good friend, Mr. S
HU-
STER of Pennsylvania, would help en-
sure that deceased veterans are treated with respect and with dignity. 
H.R. 1338, as amended, would require 
that the Department of Veterans Af-fairs conduct a study on the serious 
problem of unclaimed remains of de-ceased veterans. VA will provide a dig-nified burial in national cemeteries for those who die with no family to claim their remains or who did not have enough money to cover burial ex-penses. 
Unfortunately, the remains of de-
ceased veterans may end up on the shelf at a funeral home or the shelf of a coroner’s office, and VA may not be aware that the veteran’s remains were not interred. 
In 2013, Congress passed legislation in 
an attempt to ensure that all deceased veterans are treated with the honor that they had earned. The Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 directed VA to work with Veterans Service Organi-zations and assist States, cities, and funeral directors to identify the un-claimed remains of veterans and to ar-range for their burials in one of our na-tional cemeteries. 
Unfortunately, the law has not re-
solved this issue and too many vet-erans may not be receiving a dignified burial. That is unconscionable. The men and women who have served our Nation in uniform have the right to ex-pect that our Nation will make every effort to treat them with honor and deference even after they pass away. 
This study would determine the 
scope of the problem and identify any obstacles associated with claiming or interring veteran remains. 
Additionally, VA would also be re-
quired to make recommendations on how we can better ensure that our Na-tion’s heroes are properly laid to rest. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1700 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in support of my friend Mr. 
S
HUSTER ’s Dignified Interment of Our 
Veterans Act. This legislation will re-quire the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to conduct a study on the un-claimed remains of veterans. 
Our Nation continues to be chal-
lenged by local and privately owned cemeteries that fail to identify and provide the VA with uninterred vet-erans’ remains. It is our intent that the VA look into this issue and come up with some solutions to assist privately and locally owned cemetery homes with the information and the support they need to transfer those remains to the VA’s National Cemetery Adminis-tration. 
Our Nation’s veterans have earned a 
proper and honorable burial for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.036 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8175 November 16, 2015 
service. This legislation will help the 
VA to help our veterans. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Everett, Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HU-
STER ), the original sponsor of this par-
ticular piece of legislation. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the chairman 
for working with me on this piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed 
light on the issue plaguing our Na-tion’s veterans. Specifically, there are an estimated 47,000 cremated veterans’ remains that are waiting to be interred because it was not possible to identify the next of kin. 
Existing legislation directs the Vet-
erans Health Administration, Veterans Service Organizations, and funeral di-rectors to work together in the claim-ing and interring of deceased veterans. Unfortunately, numerous barriers pre-vent the effective collaboration among these stakeholders. As it stands today, these barriers are not fully understood, which is preventing an effective solu-tion to the problem from being found. 
For instance, the Missing in America 
Project, a nonprofit service organiza-tion that was established to locate and bury unclaimed veterans’ remains, identified 100 veterans who were await-ing burial within the State of Pennsyl-vania over the last couple of years. Some of those veterans waited more than 20 years for a dignified, military burial. We can speculate regarding the reason for this disgrace, but we cannot know for sure without giving this issue the attention it deserves. 
That is why I have introduced H.R. 
1338, the Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015. My bill requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the claiming and interring of un-
claimed veterans’ remains. The intent of the study is to confirm the scope of this problem, to uncover any barriers associated with claiming and interring veterans’ remains, and to solicit rec-ommendations from the Department of Veterans Affairs on potential solu-tions. 
I would like to thank two of my con-
stituents, Mr. Ron Metros and Mr. Lanny Golden, for working with me on this legislation. 
When asked why he is so passionate 
about this issue, Mr. Golden, a Viet-nam veteran, simply replied that his brothers in arms deserve to be buried alongside those who have walked the same path. 
I fully agree with Mr. Golden, and I 
would like to say ‘‘thank you’’ to all of those who have served this great Na-tion. 
I would also like to take this time to 
thank my colleagues Chairman M
ILLER  
and Ranking Member B ROWN for work-
ing with me. Of course, I thank the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and the 98 bipartisan cosponsors of the House for their support. Also a special thanks to two people 
without whom I could not have done this. They are my military fellows. One is U.S. Marine Corps Sergeant Anna Lloyd. She helped start the process. We then finished up with Air Force Major Cheri Guikema. Both of them provided an invaluable service in putting this bill forward, and I can’t thank them enough for their help and also for their continued service to the United States military. 
Now, more than ever, we need to 
stand together and show or veterans we care. None of our heroes should be for-gotten, and this is a step forward in reaching that important goal. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further requests for time. I urge my colleagues to support the pass-ing of H.R. 1338, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the Chair will note that the time previously controlled by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) will 
now be controlled by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of this legisla-tion, the Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015. 
In May of last year, reports emerged 
that the bodies of 52 veterans had re-mained unburied for over a year at the Los Angeles County Mortuary, located just outside of my district. Similar in-stances were discovered in 13 other States, demonstrating just how wide-spread this is. Stories of unburied vet-erans’ bodies are deeply unsettling and the result of gaps in burial procedure policies at the VA. It has to be ad-dressed. Our service men and women have made immense personal sacrifices on behalf of our Nation, and it is unac-ceptable for their remains to be treated with such a blatant lack of respect and dignity. 
Like the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania and many of my colleagues in the House and Senate, I introduced leg-islation in an effort to solve this issue. The Dignified Interment of Our Vet-erans Act directs the Department of Veterans Affairs to study the burial of veterans’ unclaimed remains in na-tional cemeteries and to report the findings of such studies to Congress. This legislation is an important step toward acknowledging and, ultimately, solving the problem. 
Last week, the Senate passed by 
unanimous consent the 21st Century Veterans Benefits Delivery Act, which incorporated the House legislation, and I am happy to see that the companion legislation is now being voted on in the House of Representatives, bringing it one step closer to the President’s sig-nature. 
We made a commitment to take care 
of our veterans in both life and death, and it is crucial that we follow through on it. I encourage my colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to vote in support of the Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act. 
I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania for his work on this issue and the gentleman from Florida for his contin-ued efforts as the House Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee chairman. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 1338, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1338, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HONOR AMERICA’S GUARD- 
RESERVE RETIREES ACT 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1384) to amend title 38, United States Code, to recog-nize the service in the reserve compo-nents of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1384 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Honor 
America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PROVISION OF STATUS UNDER LAW BY 
HONORING CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS AS VET-ERANS. 
(a) V ETERAN STATUS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 107 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 107A. Honoring as veterans certain persons 
who performed service in the reserve com-ponents 
‘‘Any person who is entitled under chapter 
1223 of title 10 to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to retired pay for nonreg-ular service shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this section.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 107 the following new item: 
‘‘107A. Honoring as veterans certain persons 
who performed service in the reserve components.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING BENEFITS .— 
No person may receive any benefit under the laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs solely by reason of section 107A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.047 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8176 November 16, 2015 
of title 38, United States Code, as added by 
subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) and the 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 1384. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 
1384, the Honor America’s Guard-Re-serve Retirees Act, which was intro-duced by the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. W
ALZ). 
The National Guard and Reserve are 
vital to our Nation’s defense. These brave men and women enlist while knowing they can be deployed with lit-tle notice, just like America’s Active Duty servicemembers. 
Despite the invaluable contributions 
of National Guard and Reserve per-sonnel to our national security, Mem-bers may be surprised to learn that many of the men and women who served in the National Guard or Re-serve for 20 years may not legally be 
considered ‘‘veterans’’ if they were never called up for Active Duty. This is not fair to these brave men and women who have demonstrated their patriot-ism through their willingness to wear the uniform and defend our Nation whenever and wherever they are need-ed. 
H.R. 1384 would not provide any mon-
etary benefit. It would simply honor the service and sacrifice of retired Na-tional Guard and Reserve personnel by giving them the prestigious title of ‘‘veteran’’—in my opinion, the most prestigious title that Congress can be-stow. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I stand before this body to support 
legislation introduced by my friend and colleague from Minnesota, T
IMWALZ. 
As a retired guardsman himself and as the highest ranking enlisted soldier to serve in Congress, I know this bill is near and dear to his heart. 
The Honor America’s Guard-Reserve 
Retirees Act closes a long-existing gap. Federal law has neglected to acknowl-edge our guardsmen and -women and reservists who have served fewer than 180 days of Active Duty service as ‘‘vet-erans.’’ This law would remedy this longstanding oversight by legally rec-ognizing Guard and Reserve retirees as American veterans. Our military is more dependent on 
Reserve components than they have been since the dawn of modern warfare. These are men and women who have stood ready and trained to serve our Nation at war. They have served a dedicated 20 years of service. At the very least, we should acknowledge the dedication of these servicemembers by legally recognizing them as American veterans. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
commonsense legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ). 
Mr. WALZ. I thank the sub-
committee chairman and the ranking member for the time. More impor-tantly, I thank both of them and their respective staffs for the bipartisan and continuously exceptional effort to serve our veterans. I thank them for the opportunity to move this forward. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill has passed the 
House multiple times over the last 8 years. It is very simple. It is less than 150 words, and it is very rare in that it costs nothing, but I would argue that it is very important. The men and women of the Reserve component, as you so eloquently heard by my colleagues who spoke prior, take the exact same oath of office and are held to the exact same standards as the Active component. They sacrifice their time and energy. They stand at the ready if called upon, whether it is assisting flood victims in Minnesota, fighting wildfires across the Western United States, or fighting overseas in the protection of our free-doms. 
For those who have completed 20 
years or more in the Guard or Reserve but who have not served a qualifying period of Title X Active Duty, we honor their service with health care benefits and monetary benefits, with one notable exception—they must call themselves ‘‘military retirees’’ and not ‘‘veterans.’’ As the gentleman from Pennsylvania noted, I think most Americans, when I talk to them, are unaware of this. Once they find out, they are appalled that we don’t do it. This bill closes the loophole. 
There are about 280,000 Americans 
who fall into this category. They have devoted their lives to our Nation—they have served honorably for 20 or 20-plus years—and this bill will recognize their service. It might be as simple as buying a hat that reads ‘‘Army veteran’’ or getting a license place for your car. It bestows no monetary benefits to these brave men and women, merely the title. Again, my colleague from Penn-sylvania, I think, said it right in that it is a pretty important title—a vet-eran of the United States military. 
It also does something else very im-
portant. In doing so, we recognize the integral role our National Guard and 
Reserve play in our Nation’s defense. There is nothing quite so unifying or quintessentially American as the cit-izen soldier. Dating back to the found-ing of our Nation or serving overseas at a time of fighting terrorism, it is the mother who leaves her family and her law firm to serve her Nation, and it is the father who leaves his teaching job and his family to serve his Nation. 
b1715 
It is about recognizing that our All 
Volunteer Force would be unsustainable if it were not for the men and women who dedicated 20 years of their lives. And one of the most im-portant things they did, most of those are cold war warriors who were respon-sible for the training of the current force that protects us. 
So I thank the gentleman and the 
ranking member again for their com-mitment to our veterans. 
I ask my colleagues—we are on the 
heels of Veterans Day here—to add these 280,000. Let’s do what is right. Let’s call them veterans and honor their service. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further speakers. I urge my colleagues to support passage of H.R. 1384. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I also urge Members to sup-port H.R. 1384. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1384. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO EMER-
GENCY PSYCHIATRIC CARE ACT 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 599) to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 599 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.023 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8177 November 16, 2015 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF MED-
ICAID EMERGENCY PSYCHIATRIC DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 
2707 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) L
ENGTH OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), the demonstration project established under this section shall be conducted for a period of 3 consecutive years. 
‘‘(2) T
EMPORARY EXTENSION OF PARTICIPA -
TION ELIGIBILITY FOR SELECTED STATES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B) and paragraph (4), a State selected as an eligible State to participate in the dem-onstration project on or prior to March 13, 2012, shall, upon the request of the State, be permitted to continue to participate in the demonstration project through September 30, 2016, if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the con-
tinued participation of the State in the dem-onstration project is projected not to in-
crease net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that such extension for that State is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF PROJECTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall provide each State selected to participate in the demonstration project on or prior to March 13, 2012, with notice of the determination and certification made under subparagraph (A) for the State. 
‘‘(3) E
XTENSION AND EXPANSION OF DEM -
ONSTRATION PROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) A DDITIONAL EXTENSION .—Taking into 
account the recommendations submitted to Congress under subsection (f)(3), the Sec-retary may permit an eligible State partici-pating in the demonstration project as of the date such recommendations are submitted to continue to participate in the project through December 31, 2019, if, with respect to the State— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the con-
tinued participation of the State in the dem-onstration project is projected not to in-crease net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that the continued participation of the State in the demonstration project is projected not to increase net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(B) O
PTION FOR EXPANSION TO ADDITIONAL  
STATES .—Taking into account the rec-
ommendations submitted to Congress pursu-ant to subsection (f)(3), the Secretary may expand the number of eligible States partici-pating in the demonstration project through December 31, 2019, if, with respect to any new eligible State— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the par-
ticipation of the State in the demonstration project is projected not to increase net pro-gram spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that the participation of the State in the dem-onstration project is projected not to in-crease net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE OF PROJECTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall provide each State participating in the demonstration project as of the date the Secretary submits recommendations to Congress under subsection (f)(3), and any ad-ditional State that applies to be added to the demonstration project, with notice of the de-termination and certification made for the State under subparagraphs (A) and (B), re-spectively, and the standards used to make 
such determination and certification— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State participating in 
the demonstration project as of the date the Secretary submits recommendations to Con-gress under subsection (f)(3), not later than August 31, 2016; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an additional State that 
applies to be added to the demonstration project, prior to the State making a final election to participate in the project. 
‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY TO ENSURE BUDGET NEU -
TRALITY .—The Secretary annually shall re-
view each participating State’s demonstra-tion project expenditures to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of paragraphs (2)(A)(i), (2)(A)(ii), (3)(A)(i), (3)(A)(ii), (3)(B)(i), and (3)(B)(ii) (as applicable). If the Secretary determines with respect to a State’s participation in the demonstration project that the State’s net program spend-ing under title XIX of the Social Security Act has increased as a result of the State’s participation in the project, the Secretary shall treat the demonstration project excess expenditures of the State as an overpayment under title XIX of the Social Security Act.’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (e) of section 2707 
of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘LIMITATIONS ON FEDERAL ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
5-YEAR ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘through December 31, 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘until expended’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (3); (4) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(5) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘and the availability of funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(other than States deemed to be eligible States through the application of subsection (c)(4))’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘(other than a State 
deemed to be an eligible State through the application of subsection (c)(4))’’ after ‘‘eligi-ble State’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and 
(B) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following: ‘‘In addition to any payments made to an eligible State under the pre-ceding sentence, the Secretary shall, during any period in effect under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (d), or during any period in which a law described in subsection (f)(4)(C) is in effect, pay each eligible State (includ-ing any State deemed to be an eligible State through the application of subsection (c)(4)), an amount each quarter equal to the Federal medical assistance percentage of expendi-tures in the quarter during such period for medical assistance described in subsection (a). Payments made to a State for emergency psychiatric demonstration services under this section during the extension period shall be treated as medical assistance under the State plan for purposes of section 1903(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(a)(1)).’’. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS TO CONGRESS .—Sub-
section (f) of section 2707 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATION TO CONGRESS RE -
GARDING EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF  
PROJECT .—Not later than September 30, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available to the public recommenda-tions based on an evaluation of the dem-onstration project, including the use of ap-propriate quality measures, regarding— ‘‘(A) whether the demonstration project 
should be continued after September 30, 2016; and 
‘‘(B) whether the demonstration project 
should be expanded to additional States. 
‘‘(4) R
ECOMMENDATION TO CONGRESS RE -
GARDING PERMANENT EXTENSION AND NATION -
WIDE EXPANSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 
2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available to the public rec-ommendations based on an evaluation of the demonstration project, including the use of appropriate quality measures, regarding— 
‘‘(i) whether the demonstration project 
should be permanently continued after De-cember 31, 2019, in 1 or more States; and 
‘‘(ii) whether the demonstration project 
should be expanded (including on a nation-wide basis). 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any recommendation 
submitted under subparagraph (A) to perma-nently continue the project in a State, or to expand the project to 1 or more other States (including on a nationwide basis) shall in-clude a certification from the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices that permanently continuing the project in a particular State, or expanding the project to a particular State (or all States) is projected not to increase net program spend-ing under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(C) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .— 
The Secretary shall not permanently con-tinue the demonstration project in any State after December 31, 2019, or expand the dem-
onstration project to any additional State after December 31, 2019, unless Congress en-acts a law approving either or both such ac-tions and the law includes provisions that— 
‘‘(i) ensure that each State’s participation 
in the project complies with budget neu-trality requirements; and 
‘‘(ii) require the Secretary to treat any ex-
penditures of a State participating in the demonstration project that are excess of the expenditures projected under the budget neu-trality standard for the State as an overpay-ment under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(5) F
UNDING .—Of the unobligated balances 
of amounts available in the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Man-agement account, $100,000 shall be available to carry out this subsection and shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
2707 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter before 
paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘publicly or’’ after ‘‘institution for mental diseases that is’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An eligi-
ble State’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as other-wise provided in paragraph (4), an eligible State’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘A State 
shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (4), a State shall’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) N
ATIONWIDE AVAILABILITY .—In the 
event that the Secretary makes a rec-ommendation pursuant to subsection (f)(4) that the demonstration project be expanded on a national basis, any State that has sub-mitted or submits an application pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be deemed to have been selected to be an eligible State to participate in the demonstration project.’’; and 
(3) in the heading for subsection (f), by 
striking ‘‘
ANDREPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘, R E-
PORT , ANDRECOMMENDATIONS ’’. 
(e) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.038 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8178 November 16, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today 
extends and expands the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. 
A longstanding policy under Med-
icaid, called the institutions for men-tal diseases, IMD, exclusion, prohibits the Federal Government from pro-viding Federal Medicaid matching funds to States for services rendered to Medicaid-eligible individuals aged 21 to 64 who are patients in IMDs. IMDs are inpatient facilities with more than 16 beds that primarily treat people with mental health and substance abuse dis-orders. The original IMD exclusion is consistent with the goal of treating se-vere mental illness in the least restric-tive setting feasible. 
The IMD exclusion provided an incen-
tive to shift the cost of care for mental illness to other care modalities and fa-cilities where Medicaid matching funds were available. However, since the IMD exclusion was included with the cre-ation of the Medicaid program in 1965, our mental healthcare system and overall healthcare system have evolved notably. 
In recent years, we have seen a sig-
nificant decrease in the number of pub-licly funded inpatient psychiatric beds available for emergency services. This has contributed to patients in need of critical mental health services facing psychiatric boarding in general hos-pital emergency departments. 
Psychiatric boarding occurs when an 
individual with a mental health condi-tion is kept in a hospital emergency department for several hours or admit-ted to medical wards or skilled nursing facilities without psychiatric expertise because appropriate mental health services were unavailable. This leads to potential serious consequences for psy-
chiatric patients and unnecessary hos-pital costs. 
The Patient Protection and Afford-
able Care Act authorized a 3-year dem-onstration program to study the effects of allowing Federal Medicaid matching funds to pay for emergency psychiatric treatment for adults that is otherwise prohibited by the Medicaid IMD exclu-sion. The demonstration was funded with $75 million in FY 2011, and these funds were available for obligation through December 31, 2015. The HHS Secretary selected 11 States 
and the District of Columbia to partici-pate in the demonstration program in March of 2012, and the demonstration program began July 1, 2012. Due to sig-nificant State interest, patient need, and other factors, the demonstration project exhausted its Federal funding in April and was forced to terminate early. 
S. 599 would temporarily extend the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric dem-onstration for States already partici-pating in the demonstration through September 30, 2016, if the chief actuary of CMS certifies that this extension would not increase net Medicaid spend-ing. 
The bill also requires that, not later 
than September 30, 2016, the HHS Sec-retary report to Congress on whether the demonstration should be continued after such date and whether the dem-onstration should be expanded to addi-tional States. If the chief actuary of CMS certifies that this extension would not increase net Medicaid spend-ing, then the demonstration may con-tinue not beyond 2019. 
While I have strong concerns with 
the President’s healthcare law, S. 599 would let States and CMS continue to test the provision of critical mental health services for patients in a man-ner that is responsible for the Federal budget. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-
leagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 
599, the Improving Access to Emer-gency Psychiatric Care Act. 
This legislation, sponsored by Sen-
ator B
ENCARDIN and championed in 
the House by Representative J OHNSAR-
BANES , will extend and expand the Med-
icaid emergency psychiatric dem-onstration protect. Since the creation of Medicaid 50 years ago, the program has excluded payment for institutions for mental diseases, IMDs, a designa-tion that includes most residential treatment facilities for mental health and substance use disorders with more than 16 beds. 
The original IMD exclusion is con-
sistent with the goal of treating severe mental illness in the least restrictive setting possible. However, there have been some unintended consequences of this longstanding policy. States have an incentive to shift the cost of treat-ing mental illness to other care set-tings where Medicaid matching funds are available. This contributed to a de-crease in the number of publicly funded beds available for inpatient psychiatric emergency services. It also contributed to a rise in psychiatric boarding and recidivism in hospital emergency de-partments. 
To develop data on whether modi-
fying an IMD exclusion can improve health care for mental illness, the Af-fordable Care Act authorized $75 mil-
lion over 3 years for the Medicare emergency psychiatric demonstration project. Administered by the CMS In-novation Center, the initiative aims to test whether the Medicaid program could provide higher quality care at a lower total cost by reimbursing private psychiatric hospitals for emergency care otherwise prohibited by the Med-icaid IMD exclusion. The demonstra-tion project is currently operating in 11 States and the District of Columbia. 
This legislation extends the dem-
onstration in a budget-neutral manner so that the Secretary of Health and Human Services can complete an eval-uation and make an informed rec-ommendation regarding its continu-ation and expansion. 
Medicaid plays a central and critical 
role in covering treatment for individ-uals with mental illness. S. 599 holds promise for improving access to qual-ity psychiatric care for this under-served and vulnerable population and the overall success of our mental healthcare system. 
I urge my colleagues to support S. 
599, and I thank the sponsors for their commitment to this important issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), a prime sponsor of 
the House companion bill and a mem-ber of the Energy and Commerce Sub-committee on Health. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to speak in support of S. 599, the Improving Access to Emer-gency Psychiatric Care Act. The bill is the companion to H.R. 3681, which I proudly introduced with my colleague, Congressman S
ARBANES from Mary-
land. 
With the passage of this bill today, I 
am pleased that this meaningful men-tal health reform will head to the President’s desk. Fortunately, this bi-partisan, bicameral, and commonsense legislation is a great step toward en-acting meaningful reforms to an in-credibly challenging system. 
Currently, CMS does not reimburse 
private psychiatric institutions or in-stitutions for mental diseases for the services provided to Medicaid enrollees aged 21 to 64. Yet often serious mental illness manifests itself in those in their twenties, and they are not allowed to go with a severe psychiatric break to a psychiatric hospital. 
Instead, they go and present at our 
ERs; and our ERs are already overbur-dened. Many of them often lack the re-sources and sometimes the expertise to deal with people who are suffering from a true mental crisis. When they find themselves in the ERs, it is not uncom-mon for them to have to sit for hours and for far too long while they are suf-fering. 
This commonsense legislation ex-
tends the existing demonstration grant that lifts the IMD exclusion and will allow these important psychiatric clin-ics to receive Medicaid reimbursement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.052 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8179 November 16, 2015 
while giving people access to short- 
term direct care in psychiatric hos-pitals when they need it most. 
I am proud to support the extension 
of this legislation that allows people to get the treatment that they need. As a lawyer, I have dealt with people who have been in a psychiatric crisis. Many of us have family members who have dealt with a psychiatric crisis. They need the help from the right experts at the right time. 
I thank the gentleman for carrying 
this in the House, and I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. S
ARBANES ). He is also a mem-
ber of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee and a member of our Health Subcommittee. I personally appreciate his commitment to mental health. 
Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on the Health Sub-committee and on the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
I rise today in strong support of the 
Improving Access to Emergency Psy-chiatric Care Act. I thank Representa-tive B
ROOKS of Indiana for her support 
of this measure and certainly welcome the fact that this is a bipartisan piece of legislation. 
What this bill would do is it would 
extend a demonstration project, as in-dicated, that ends the Federal prohibi-tion on Medicaid matching payments to community psychiatric hospitals for emergency psychiatric cases. This demonstration project allows individ-uals with severe mental illness who are a threat to themselves or to others, in-cluding those with substance abuse dis-orders who have experienced overdoses, to get emergency inpatient treatment. 
The background of this is as follows: 
There has been a longstanding Med-
icaid provision, dating back to 1965, called the institutions for mental dis-eases, IMD, exclusion. Under that, the Federal Government is prohibited from providing Medicaid matching funds and reimbursement for the care of eligible individuals aged 21 to 64 if that care is provided in an inpatient facility that primarily treats people with mental health and substance abuse disorders and if that facility has more than 16 beds. 
As was indicated, the effect of this 
exclusion has been to decrease the number of inpatient psychiatric beds that are available for emergency serv-ices. It has also been cited by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office as a fac-tor in emergency department over-crowding, which Congresswoman B
ROOKS just indicated. 
Community-based psychiatric hos-
pitals could help relieve these backups and provide much-needed emergency psychiatric care, but these hospitals cannot receive Federal matching pay-ments for these services. 
In 2010, Congress authorized a 3-year 
pilot called the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project, 
which expanded the number of emer-gency inpatient psychiatric beds avail-able in communities by allowing Fed-eral Medicaid matching payments to freestanding psychiatric hospitals for emergency psychiatric cases. 
b1730 
Eleven States, including my home 
State of Maryland, are participating in this demonstration, and the prelimi-nary data is very promising. Of the total number of Medicaid beneficiaries admitted to these community-based psychiatric hospitals, fully 84 percent had just one admission during the en-tire first year of the demonstration. The average length of stay was only 8.2 days, and in 88 percent of the admis-sions, the beneficiaries were discharged to their homes or to self-care. 
The demonstration project is set to 
end on December 31, 2015, but the final evaluation of the project is not ex-pected to be completed until a year later. 
In closing, Mr. Speaker, this bill 
would build upon the success of the current demonstration project, which 
is providing timely and cost-effective care. It would also extend the current demonstration project by 1 year. 
It would ensure budget neutrality by 
certifying that the extension is not projected to result in an increase in net Medicaid program spending, and it would allow the Secretary of HHS to extend the demonstration project for an additional 3 years, provided that the requirements regarding Medicaid spending are met. 
The bill has already been passed in 
the Senate by unanimous consent. While I am a little bit disappointed that a very small change was made that is going to require it to go back to the Senate for reconsideration, I am confident that it will be supported there again with Senator C
ARDIN ’s 
leadership. 
I urge support of this bipartisan ef-
fort to extend a demonstration project that allows individuals with severe mental illness and substance abuse dis-orders to get emergency inpatient treatment at community psychiatric hospitals. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-
pared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ), who is also a member of 
the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, a member of the Subcommittee on Health, and, again, a champion of mental health. 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Improving Ac-cess to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act. 
As we work to reform our broken 
mental healthcare system, it is critical that we build upon programs that pro-vide resources to underserved and vul-nerable populations at all points along the spectrum of care. Today, with the passage of this bill, 
we have the opportunity to extend the vital Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project. This dem-onstration project, which recently ex-pired, ensures greater access to essen-tial emergency psychiatric care for Medicaid patients. 
This bipartisan bill will ensure that 
hospitals across our Nation will be able to provide community members in need with inpatient psychiatric beds. 
In my home district in Sacramento 
County, this demonstration project has provided great benefits to our system of care. Medi-Cal beneficiaries have greater access to mental health serv-ices, and there has been a reduction in readmission rates at local hospitals. 
In fact, by the final year of the 3-year 
demonstration project, the number of individuals rehospitalized within 30 days of their initial stay decreased by 20 percent in Sacramento County. 
The project has improved coordina-
tion of care for mental health patients by streamlining planning efforts be-tween inpatient and outpatient pro-viders. In addition, Sacramento County has been able to reinvest savings gen-erated by the project into programs that build greater community alter-natives for patients identified as high utilizers of inpatient and emergency departments. 
All of these improvements add up to 
a community mental health system in California that is better able to focus on the whole spectrum of care for un-derserved patients, from prevention to treatment to the crisis stage. 
There is still much more work to do 
to improve the mental health system, but we must not reverse our significant progress by failing to renew this dem-onstration project. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on S. 599, the Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I encourage 
my colleagues to support this common-sense, bipartisan bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of extending and expanding the Im-proving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act, which has already passed the Sen-ate and for which identical legislation, H.R. 3681 has been introduced in the House with bipartisan support. 
This legislation would extend, and expand if 
appropriate, the Medicaid Emergency Psy-chiatric Demonstration that was created by the Affordable Care Act. 
While I will not oppose this legislation based 
on process, I must mention that I am not pleased that this legislation did not go through regular order here in the House as it should have, and as it did in the Senate. I also do not support a change made to require the $100,000 in administrative costs in the bill to come out of unobligated funds at CMS. To delay this legislation, slow it down even further and force the Senate to reconsider the bill for a one word change and an amount of money 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.054 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8180 November 16, 2015 
that is less than the annual salary of any 
Member of Congress is a waste of time. How-ever, despite these reservations, I support this legislation moving forward. 
Since the enactment of Medicaid in 1965, 
so-called ‘‘Institutions of Mental Disease’’, or IMDs, have been prohibited by statute from re-ceiving federal Medicaid matching funds for in-patient treatment provided to adults ages 21 to 64. This prohibition was rooted in the desir-ability of community-based care as an alter-native to mass institutionalization of the men-tally ill, often in horrific conditions. 
However, as our healthcare system has 
grown and changed, there has been increas-ing concern about the perverse incentives cre-ated by the wholesale exclusion of IMDs from treatment for Medicaid beneficiaries; for in-stance, frequent boarding of psychiatric pa-tients in emergency rooms and non-psychiatric beds of general hospitals has been reported to occur when specialized inpatient psychiatric beds are not available. 
The days of mass institutionalization are 
over and we can never go back to those days—at the same time, so-called ‘‘boarding’’ of the seriously mentally ill in general hos-pitals, because the beds simply aren’t avail-able, is not an acceptable alternative. 
Those Medicaid beneficiaries that are seri-
ously mentally ill need the right treatment, at the right time. The demonstration project that we are extending here today allows states to test incorporation of IMD services for Medicaid beneficiaries in a way that insures other com-munity-based services do not suffer. This leg-islation, which also aligns with CMS’s recent proposal to allow for short-term IMD stays in Medicaid managed care plans, is the appro-priate way to responsibly address the Med-icaid IMD exclusion. 
We’ve had immense success with this 
project thus far, and we can still learn more from it, which is exactly why this demonstra-tion project must be extended and as appro-priate, expanded. This legislation will allow the Secretary to do just that, and I urge my col-leagues to support its swift passage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 599, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR INFANTS ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 799) to address problems related to pre-natal opioid use. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 799 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Our Infants Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. ADDRESSING PROBLEMS RELATED TO 
PRENATAL OPIOID USE. 
(a) R EVIEW OF PROGRAMS .—The Secretary 
of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a review of planning and coordination related to prenatal opioid use, including neonatal abstinence syndrome, within the agencies of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. 
(b) S
TRATEGY .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary shall develop a strategy to address gaps in research and gaps, overlap, and duplication among Federal programs, in-cluding those identified in findings made by reports of the Government Accountability Office. Such strategy shall address— 
(1) gaps in research, including with respect 
to— 
(A) the most appropriate treatment of 
pregnant women with opioid use disorders; 
(B) the most appropriate treatment and 
management of infants with neonatal absti-nence syndrome; and 
(C) the long-term effects of prenatal opioid 
exposure on children; 
(2) gaps, overlap, or duplication in— (A) substance use disorder treatment pro-
grams for pregnant and postpartum women; and 
(B) treatment program options for 
newborns with neonatal abstinence syn-drome; 
(3) gaps, overlap, or duplication in Federal 
efforts related to education about, and pre-vention of, neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
(4) coordination of Federal efforts to ad-
dress neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report concerning the findings of the review conducted under subsection (a) and the strategy developed under subsection (b). 
SEC. 3. DEVELOPING RECOMMENDATIONS FOR 
PREVENTING AND TREATING PRE-NATAL OPIOID USE DISORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a study and develop recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid use disorders, including the effects of such disorders on infants. In carrying out this subsection the Secretary shall— 
(1) take into consideration— (A) the review and strategy conducted and 
developed under section 2; and 
(B) the lessons learned from previous 
opioid epidemics; and 
(2) solicit input from States, localities, and 
Federally recognized Indian tribes or tribal organizations (as defined in the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), and nongovernmental enti-ties, including organizations representing patients, health care providers, hospitals, other treatment facilities, and other enti-ties, as appropriate. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available on the appro-priate Internet Website of the Department of Health and Human Services a report on the recommendations under subsection (a). Such report shall address each of the issues de-scribed in subsection (c). 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—The recommendations de-
scribed in subsection (a) and the report under subsection (b) shall include— 
(1) a comprehensive assessment of existing 
research with respect to the prevention, identification, treatment, and long-term outcomes of neonatal abstinence syndrome, including the identification and treatment of pregnant women or women who may become pregnant who use opioids or have opioid use 
disorders; 
(2) an evaluation of— (A) the causes of, and risk factors for, 
opioid use disorders among women of repro-ductive age, including pregnant women; 
(B) the barriers to identifying and treating 
opioid use disorders among women of repro-ductive age, including pregnant and postpartum women and women with young children; 
(C) current practices in the health care 
system to respond to, and treat, pregnant women with opioid use disorders and infants affected by such disorders; 
(D) medically indicated uses of opioids dur-
ing pregnancy; 
(E) access to treatment for opioid use dis-
orders in pregnant and postpartum women; and 
(F) access to treatment for infants with 
neonatal abstinence syndrome; and 
(G) differences in prenatal opioid use and 
use disorders in pregnant women between de-mographic groups; and 
(3) recommendations on— (A) preventing, identifying, and treating 
the effects of prenatal opioid use on infants; 
(B) treating pregnant women who have 
opioid use disorders; 
(C) preventing opioid use disorders among 
women of reproductive age, including preg-nant women, who may be at risk of devel-oping opioid use disorders; and 
(D) reducing disparities in opioid use dis-
orders among pregnant women. 
SEC. 4. IMPROVING DATA AND THE PUBLIC 
HEALTH RESPONSE. 
The Secretary may continue activities, as 
appropriate, related to— 
(1) providing technical assistance to sup-
port States and Federally recognized Indian 
Tribes in collecting information on neonatal abstinence syndrome through the utilization of existing surveillance systems and collabo-rating with States and Federally recognized Indian Tribes to improve the quality, con-sistency, and collection of such data; and 
(2) providing technical assistance to sup-
port States in implementing effective public health measures, such as disseminating in-formation to educate the public, health care providers, and other stakeholders on pre-natal opioid use and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today 
begins to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
Over the past several years, opioid 
addiction has risen dramatically in the United States, reaching epidemic pro-portions. The death rate for heroin overdose doubled in just 2 years from 2010 to 2012. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.027 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8181 November 16, 2015 
One of the issues resulting from this 
epidemic is neonatal abstinence syn-drome, known as NAS. Babies born with NAS are infants that are addicted to opioids and that suffer medical issues associated with drug with-drawal. Symptoms can last for weeks, keeping otherwise healthy infants con-fined to the hospital at the start of their lives. 
NAS can result from the use of pre-
scription drugs or from the use of ille-gal opioids. Sadly, over the past 15 years, the incidence of NAS has tripled in the United States. This is a rapidly growing problem that needs to be ad-dressed for the safety of our mothers and children. 
S. 799, Protecting Our Infants Act of 
2015, introduced in the Senate by Ma-jority Leader M
CCONNELL and led in 
the House by my colleagues, Ms. C LARK  
of Massachusetts and Mr. S TIVERS , 
would address the increasing problem of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
Preventing opioid abuse among preg-
nant women and women of childbearing age is crucial in addressing NAS. The Government Accountability Office has identified that more research is needed in this area to help treat babies born with NAS and mothers addicted to opioids. 
This legislation would help fill this 
research gap by directing the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, AHRQ, to conduct a study and develop recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid abuse and neo-natal abstinence syndrome. 
Mr. Speaker, the House companion to 
S. 799 was approved by a voice vote in the Subcommittee on Health and the full Committee on Energy and Com-merce. Today we have a chance to ap-prove this important bipartisan and bi-cameral legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 
799, Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015. This legislation, sponsored by Senator M
ITCH MCCONNELL and championed in 
the House by Representative K ATH-
ERINE CLARK , would help combat pre-
natal opioid abuse epidemic. 
The Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention, CDC, has found drug over-dose to be the leading cause of injury death in the United States and de-clared prescription drug abuse to be an epidemic. 
Prescription opioid use in pregnancy 
is strongly associated with neonatal complications. According to a recent study in the New England Journal of Medicine, the incidence rate of neo-natal abstinence syndrome, NAS, quad-rupled from 2004 to 2013, a fourfold in-crease in less than a decade. 
NAS is a group of problems that 
occur in newborns who have been ex-posed to opioids while in the womb. The symptoms are often severe. 
Newborns with NAS require specialized care, typically in a neonatal intensive care unit. 
In February 2015, the Government 
Accountability Office, the GAO, re-leased a report entitled ‘‘Prenatal Drug Use and Newborn Health: Federal Ef-forts Need Better Planning and Coordi-nation.’’ The report identified a num-ber of different research gaps in the treatment of opioid use during preg-nancy and in the treatment of infants with NAS. 
S. 799 will help combat prenatal 
opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. Addressing these issues is a critical part of our effort to fight the ongoing prescription drug abuse epi-demic. 
The legislation will facilitate the de-
velopment and recommendations for 
the treatment of prenatal opioid abuse and NAS and coordinate a national strategy to close research program gaps. It will also require CDC to help States improve data collection and sur-veillance activities related to prenatal opioid abuse and NAS. 
I urge my colleagues to support S. 
799, the Protecting Our Infants Act, and I thank the sponsors for their com-mitment to this important issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
EN-
KINS), a leader on this issue. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, every day in hospitals across my district and the country, trag-ically, babies begin their lives suffering through drug withdrawal because they were exposed during pregnancy. 
Sadly, the rates of babies with NAS 
have skyrocketed. NAS is a nationwide crisis. The Protecting Our Infants Act addresses the many gaps in the care and treatment of NAS babies. 
How do I know there are gaps? 
Today, in a facility in my hometown that I helped start, Lily’s Place is car-ing for 10—10—babies suffering the rav-ages of withdrawal. 
It took years of working through the 
regulatory burdens and certification limitations just to do what is right for our most innocent. The gaps in care are real and so are the obstacles treat-ing NAS babies. 
This legislation will pave the way to 
consider new models of care, like Lily’s Place, for our NAS babies. 
I commend my colleagues, Leader 
M
ITCH MCCONNELL and Representatives 
KATHERINE CLARK and S TEVE STIVERS , 
for helping to give every child a chance at a healthy start in life. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ), the House Democratic sponsor. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, today 58 babies, 1 baby every 25 minutes, will be born suffering from the same pain adults describe as the worst pain of their lives, the pain of drug withdrawal. Over the last decade, the number of 
infants born experiencing withdrawal from powerful drugs has grown nearly fivefold. It is a condition called neo-natal abstinence syndrome. It results from prenatal exposure to opioids like heroin and prescription painkillers. In States like Massachusetts, we are see-ing this happen at a rate three times the national average. 
In addition to the human suffering, 
the costs associated with NAS births are staggering. They are five times more expensive than healthy births, to-taling $1.5 billion for hospitals in 2012, with 80 percent being paid by Medicaid. 
But despite the best efforts of doc-
tors, nurses, and others, there is no co-ordinated response to this crisis. There are no clear best practices for treating these infants, and more research is needed to help understand the problem. That is why I have worked with my colleagues, researchers, doctors, and advocates to introduce the Protecting Our Infants Act, the first Federal bill to take proactive steps in addressing 
the rise of NAS births. 
b1745 
We were able to pass this bill in the 
House in September, thanks to the help of my partner on this bill, Representa-tive S
TEVE STIVERS . A slightly modi-
fied version was passed a few weeks ago, due to the hard work of our Sen-ate sponsors, Majority Leader M
CCON-
NELL and Senator C ASEY . With broad 
support in both Chambers, this is an opportunity for Congress to make a dif-ference for moms and babies suffering because of the opioid epidemic. 
The Protecting Our Infants Act will 
require the Department of Health and Human Services to develop rec-ommendations to prevent and treat prenatal opioid abuse and NAS, and to develop a strategy in the Department to coordinate programs and research. This will help ease the suffering of the smallest victims of the opioid crisis. It will help hospitals and Medicaid save money, and ease the burden on doctors and nurses that are overwhelmed by this problem. 
This is not controversial, partisan, or 
political. It is just good policy. I thank my Republican partner in the House, S
TEVE STIVERS , for his leadership in 
getting this bill to where it is today. 
I ask the House to come together and 
help the thousands of babies and moth-ers who are fighting this epidemic, and I urge my colleagues to pass the bipar-tisan Protecting Our Infants Act and send this legislation to the President for his signature. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I urge all 
Members to support this important bi-partisan, bicameral legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-
port of S. 799—the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015. This legislation addresses a sad re-ality of our country’s opioid epidemic: prenatal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.057 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8182 November 16, 2015 
opioid abuse and the steep increase in the in-
cidence of neonatal abstinence syndrome or NAS. 
NAS occurs in newborns who were exposed 
to opiates while in their mother’s womb and is associated with negative health outcomes such as preterm births, low birthweight, and respiratory distress. A recent study found the incidence of NAS quadrupled between 2004 and 2013. This legislation would respond to that dramatic increase by requiring HHS to create a comprehensive national strategy to address prenatal opioid abuse and NAS. That strategy would include a coordinated research and programming strategy to address the pub-lic health challenge of NAS and prenatal opioid abuse as well as develop a comprehen-sive set of recommendations for preventing and treating prenatal opioid use disorders and NAS. 
I want to thank Rep. K
ATHERINE CLARK for 
her leadership on this critical and timely issue. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 799. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COM-
MISSION PROCESS REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2583) to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for greater transparency and efficiency in the pro-cedures followed by the Federal Com-munications Commission, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2583 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal 
Communications Commission Process Re-form Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FCC PROCESS REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Commu-
nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 13. TRANSPARENCY AND EFFICIENCY. 
‘‘(a) I NITIAL RULEMAKING AND INQUIRY .— 
‘‘(1) R ULEMAKING .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of the Fed-eral Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015, the Commission shall complete a rulemaking proceeding and adopt procedural changes to its rules to maximize opportunities for public participation and ef-ficient decisionmaking. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR RULEMAKING .—The 
rules adopted under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) set minimum comment periods for 
comment and reply comment, subject to a determination by the Commission that good cause exists for departing from such min-imum comment periods, for— 
‘‘(i) significant regulatory actions, as de-
fined in Executive Order No. 12866; and ‘‘(ii) all other rulemaking proceedings; 
‘‘(B) establish policies concerning the sub-
mission of extensive new comments, data, or reports towards the end of the comment pe-riod; 
‘‘(C) establish policies regarding treatment 
of comments, ex parte communications, and data or reports (including statistical reports and reports to Congress) submitted after the comment period to ensure that the public has adequate notice of and opportunity to re-spond to such submissions before the Com-mission relies on such submissions in any order, decision, report, or action; 
‘‘(D) establish procedures for, not later 
than 14 days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year (or more frequently, as the Commission considers appropriate), pub-lishing on the Internet website of the Com-mission and submitting to Congress a report that contains— 
‘‘(i) the status of open rulemaking pro-
ceedings and proposed orders, decisions, re-ports, or actions on circulation for review by the Commissioners, including which Com-missioners have not cast a vote on an order, decision, report, or action that has been on circulation for more than 60 days; 
‘‘(ii) for the petitions, applications, com-
plaints, and other requests for action by the Commission that were pending at the Com-mission on the last day of such quarter (or more frequent period, as the case may be)— 
‘‘(I) the number of such requests, broken 
down by the bureau primarily responsible for action and, for each bureau, the type of re-quest (such as a petition, application, or complaint); and 
‘‘(II) information regarding the amount of 
time for which such requests have been pend-ing, broken down as described in subclause (I); and 
‘‘(iii) a list of the congressional investiga-
tions of the Commission that were pending on the last day of such quarter (or more fre-quent period, as the case may be) and the cost of such investigations, individually and in the aggregate; 
‘‘(E) establish deadlines (relative to the 
date of filing) for— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a petition for a declara-
tory ruling under section 1.2 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, issuing a public no-tice of such petition; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a petition for rule-
making under section 1.401 of such title, issuing a public notice of such petition; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a petition for reconsid-
eration under section 1.106 or 1.429 of such title or an application for review under sec-tion 1.115 of such title, issuing a public no-
tice of a decision on the petition or applica-tion by the Commission or under delegated authority (as the case may be); 
‘‘(F) establish guidelines (relative to the 
date of filing) for the disposition of petitions filed under section 1.2 of such title; 
‘‘(G) establish procedures for the inclusion 
of the specific language of the proposed rule or the proposed amendment of an existing rule in a notice of proposed rulemaking; and 
‘‘(H) require notices of proposed rule-
making and orders adopting a rule or amend-ing an existing rule that— 
‘‘(i) create (or propose to create) a program 
activity to contain performance measures for evaluating the effectiveness of the pro-gram activity; and 
‘‘(ii) substantially change (or propose to 
substantially change) a program activity to contain— 
‘‘(I) performance measures for evaluating 
the effectiveness of the program activity as changed (or proposed to be changed); or 
‘‘(II) a finding that existing performance 
measures will effectively evaluate the pro-gram activity as changed (or proposed to be changed). ‘‘(3) I
NQUIRY .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of the enactment of the Federal Communications Commission Process Re-form Act of 2015, the Commission shall com-plete an inquiry to seek public comment on whether and how the Commission should— 
‘‘(A) establish procedures for allowing a bi-
partisan majority of Commissioners to place an order, decision, report, or action on the agenda of an open meeting; 
‘‘(B) establish procedures for informing all 
Commissioners of a reasonable number of op-tions available to the Commission for resolv-ing a petition, complaint, application, rule-making, or other proceeding; 
‘‘(C) establish procedures for ensuring that 
all Commissioners have adequate time, prior to being required to decide a petition, com-plaint, application, rulemaking, or other proceeding (including at a meeting held pur-suant to section 5(d)), to review the proposed Commission decision document, including the specific language of any proposed rule or any proposed amendment of an existing rule; 
‘‘(D) establish procedures for publishing 
the text of agenda items to be voted on at an open meeting in advance of such meeting so that the public has the opportunity to read the text before a vote is taken; 
‘‘(E) establish deadlines (relative to the 
date of filing) for disposition of applications for a license under section 1.913 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations; 
‘‘(F) assign resources needed in order to 
meet the deadlines described in subpara-graph (E), including whether the Commis-sion’s ability to meet such deadlines would be enhanced by assessing a fee from appli-cants for such a license; and 
‘‘(G) publish each order, decision, report, 
or action not later than 30 days after the date of the adoption of such order, decision, report, or action. 
‘‘(4) D
ATA FOR PERFORMANCE MEASURES .— 
The Commission shall develop a performance measure or proposed performance measure required by this subsection to rely, where possible, on data already collected by the Commission. 
‘‘(5) GAO 
AUDIT .—Not less frequently than 
every 6 months, the Comptroller General of the United States shall audit the cost esti-mates provided by the Commission under paragraph (2)(D)(iii) during the preceding 6- month period. 
‘‘(b) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—On the date that is 
5 years after the completion of the rule-making proceeding under subsection (a)(1), and every 5 years thereafter, the Commission shall initiate a new rulemaking proceeding to continue to consider such procedural changes to its rules as may be in the public interest to maximize opportunities for public participation and efficient decisionmaking. 
‘‘(c) N
ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
552b of title 5, United States Code, a bipar-tisan majority of Commissioners may hold a meeting that is closed to the public to dis-cuss official business if— 
‘‘(A) a vote or any other agency action is 
not taken at such meeting; 
‘‘(B) each person present at such meeting 
is a Commissioner, an employee of the Com-mission, a member of a joint board or con-ference established under section 410, or a person on the staff of such a joint board or conference or of a member of such a joint board or conference; and 
‘‘(C) an attorney from the Office of General 
Counsel of the Commission is present at such meeting. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF NONPUBLIC COLLABO -
RATIVE DISCUSSIONS .—Not later than 2 busi-
ness days after the conclusion of a meeting held under paragraph (1), the Commission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.032 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8183 November 16, 2015 
shall publish a disclosure of such meeting, 
including— 
‘‘(A) a list of the persons who attended 
such meeting; and 
‘‘(B) a summary of the matters discussed 
at such meeting, except for such matters as the Commission determines may be withheld under section 552b(c) of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) P
RESERVATION OF OPEN MEETINGS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR AGENCY ACTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall limit the applicability of section 552b of title 5, United States Code, with respect to a meeting of Commissioners other than that described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) A
CCESS TO CERTAIN INFORMATION ON  
COMMISSION ’SWEBSITE .—The Commission 
shall provide direct access from the home-page of its website to— 
‘‘(1) detailed information regarding— ‘‘(A) the budget of the Commission for the 
current fiscal year; 
‘‘(B) the appropriations for the Commis-
sion for such fiscal year; and 
‘‘(C) the total number of full-time equiva-
lent employees of the Commission; and 
‘‘(2) the performance plan most recently 
made available by the Commission under section 1115(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERNET PUBLICATION OF CERTAIN  
FCC P OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The chair-
man of the Commission shall— 
‘‘(1) publish on the Internet website of the 
Commission any policies or procedures of the Commission that— 
‘‘(A) are established by the chairman; and ‘‘(B) relate to the functioning of the Com-
mission or the handling of the agenda of the Commission; and 
‘‘(2) update such publication not later than 
48 hours after the chairman makes changes to any such policies or procedures. 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL REGISTER PUBLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any docu-
ment adopted by the Commission that the Commission is required, under any provision of law, to publish in the Federal Register, the Commission shall, not later than the date described in paragraph (2), complete all Commission actions necessary for such docu-ment to be so published. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—The date described 
in this paragraph is the earlier of— 
‘‘(A) the day that is 45 days after the date 
of the release of the document; or 
‘‘(B) the day by which such actions must be 
completed to comply with any deadline under any other provision of law. 
‘‘(3) N
O EFFECT ON DEADLINES FOR PUBLICA -
TION IN OTHER FORM .—In the case of a dead-
line that does not specify that the form of publication is publication in the Federal Register, the Commission may comply with such deadline by publishing the document in another form. Such other form of publication does not relieve the Commission of any Fed-eral Register publication requirement appli-cable to such document, including the re-quirement of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(g) C
ONSUMER COMPLAINT DATABASE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In evaluating and proc-
essing consumer complaints, the Commis-sion shall present information about such complaints in a publicly available, search-able database on its website that— 
‘‘(A) facilitates easy use by consumers; and ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, is sortable 
and accessible by— 
‘‘(i) the date of the filing of the complaint; ‘‘(ii) the topic of the complaint; ‘‘(iii) the party complained of; and ‘‘(iv) other elements that the Commission 
considers in the public interest. 
‘‘(2) D
UPLICATIVE COMPLAINTS .—In the case 
of multiple complaints arising from the same alleged misconduct, the Commission shall be required to include only information concerning one such complaint in the data-
base described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(h) F
ORM OF PUBLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In complying with a re-
quirement of this section to publish a docu-ment, the Commission shall publish such document on its website, in addition to pub-lishing such document in any other form that the Commission is required to use or is permitted to and chooses to use. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Commission shall by 
rule establish procedures for redacting docu-ments required to be published by this sec-tion so that the published versions of such documents do not contain— 
‘‘(A) information the publication of which 
would be detrimental to national security, homeland security, law enforcement, or pub-lic safety; or 
‘‘(B) information that is proprietary or 
confidential. 
‘‘(i) T
RANSPARENCY RELATING TO PERFORM -
ANCE IN MEETING FOIA R EQUIREMENTS .—The 
Commission shall take additional steps to inform the public about its performance and efficiency in meeting the disclosure and other requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), including by doing the following: 
‘‘(1) Publishing on the Commission’s 
website the Commission’s logs for tracking, responding to, and managing requests sub-mitted under such section, including the Commission’s fee estimates, fee categories, and fee request determinations. 
‘‘(2) Releasing to the public all decisions 
made by the Commission (including deci-sions made by the Commission’s Bureaus and Offices) granting or denying requests filed under such section, including any such deci-sions pertaining to the estimate and applica-tion of fees assessed under such section. 
‘‘(3) Publishing on the Commission’s 
website electronic copies of documents re-leased under such section. 
‘‘(4) Presenting information about the 
Commission’s handling of requests under such section in the Commission’s annual budget estimates submitted to Congress and the Commission’s annual performance and fi-nancial reports. Such information shall in-clude the number of requests under such sec-tion the Commission received in the most re-cent fiscal year, the number of such requests granted and denied, a comparison of the Commission’s processing of such requests over at least the previous 3 fiscal years, and a comparison of the Commission’s results with the most recent average for the United States Government as published on www.foia.gov. 
‘‘(j) P
ROMPT RELEASE OF STATISTICAL RE-
PORTS AND REPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than January 15th of each year, the Commis-sion shall identify, catalog, and publish an anticipated release schedule for all statis-tical reports and reports to Congress that are regularly or intermittently released by the Commission and will be released during such year. 
‘‘(k) A
NNUAL SCORECARD REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For the 1-year period be-
ginning on January 1st of each year, the Commission shall prepare a report on the performance of the Commission in con-ducting its proceedings and meeting the deadlines established under subsection (a)(2)(E) and the guidelines established under subsection (a)(2)(F). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report required by 
paragraph (1) shall contain detailed statis-tics on such performance, including, with re-spect to each Bureau of the Commission— 
‘‘(A) with respect to each type of filing 
specified in subsection (a)(2)(E) or (a)(2)(F)— ‘‘(i) the number of filings that were pend-
ing on the last day of the period covered by such report; 
‘‘(ii) the number of filings described in 
clause (i) for which each applicable deadline or guideline established under such sub-section was not met and the average length of time such filings have been pending; and 
‘‘(iii) for filings that were resolved during 
such period, the average time between initi-ation and resolution and the percentage for which each applicable deadline or guideline established under such subsection was met; 
‘‘(B) with respect to proceedings before an 
administrative law judge— 
‘‘(i) the number of such proceedings com-
pleted during such period; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of such proceedings pend-
ing on the last day of such period; and 
‘‘(C) the number of independent studies or 
analyses published by the Commission dur-ing such period. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION AND SUBMISSION .—The 
Commission shall publish and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate each report required by para-graph (1) not later than the date that is 30 
days after the last day of the period covered by such report. 
‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A MENDMENT .—The term ‘amendment’ 
includes, when used with respect to an exist-ing rule, the deletion of such rule. 
‘‘(2) B
IPARTISAN MAJORITY .—The term ‘bi-
partisan majority’ means, when used with respect to a group of Commissioners, that such group— 
‘‘(A) is a group of 3 or more Commis-
sioners; and 
‘‘(B) includes, for each political party of 
which any Commissioner is a member, at least 1 Commissioner who is a member of such political party, and, if any Commis-sioner has no political party affiliation, at least one unaffiliated Commissioner. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURE .—The term 
‘performance measure’ means an objective and quantifiable outcome measure or output measure (as such terms are defined in sec-tion 1115 of title 31, United States Code). 
‘‘(4) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITY .—The term ‘pro-
gram activity’ has the meaning given such term in section 1115 of title 31, United States Code, except that such term also includes any annual collection or distribution or re-lated series of collections or distributions by the Commission of an amount that is greater than or equal to $100,000,000. 
‘‘(5) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘agen-
cy action’, ‘ex parte communication’, and ‘rule’ have the meanings given such terms in section 551 of title 5, United States Code.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATES AND IMPLEMENTING  
RULES .— 
(1) E FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(A) N ONPUBLIC COLLABORATIVE DISCUS -
SIONS .—Subsection (c) of section 13 of the 
Communications Act of 1934, as added by subsection (a), shall apply beginning on the first date on which all of the procedural changes to the rules of the Federal Commu-nications Commission required by subsection (a)(1) of such section have taken effect. 
(B) R
EPORT RELEASE SCHEDULES .—Sub-
section (j) of such section 13 shall apply with respect to 2016 and any year thereafter. 
(C) A
NNUAL SCORECARD REPORTS .—Sub-
section (k) of such section 13 shall apply with respect to 2015 and any year thereafter. 
(D) I
NTERNET PUBLICATION OF CERTAIN FCC  
POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Subsection (e) of 
such section 13 shall apply beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.040 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8184 November 16, 2015 
(2) R ULES .—Except as otherwise provided 
in such section 13, the Federal Communica-tions Commission shall promulgate any rules necessary to carry out such section not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. CATEGORIZATION OF TCPA INQUIRIES 
AND COMPLAINTS IN QUARTERLY REPORT. 
In compiling its quarterly report with re-
spect to informal consumer inquiries and complaints, the Federal Communications Commission may not categorize an inquiry or complaint with respect to section 227 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227) as being a wireline inquiry or complaint or a wireless inquiry or complaint unless the party whose conduct is the subject of the in-quiry or complaint is a wireline carrier or a wireless carrier, respectively. 
SEC. 4. EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments 
made by this Act shall relieve the Federal Communications Commission from any obli-gations under title 5, United States Code, ex-cept where otherwise expressly provided. 
SEC. 5. APPLICATION OF ANTIDEFICIENCY ACT 
TO UNIVERSAL SERVICE PROGRAM. 
Section 302 of Public Law 108–494 (118 Stat. 
3998) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
SEC. 6. REPORT ON IMPROVING SMALL BUSINESS 
PARTICIPATION IN FCC PRO-CEEDINGS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Federal Commu-nications Commission, in consultation with the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration, shall submit to Congress a re-port on— 
(1) actions that the Commission will take 
to improve the participation of small busi-nesses in the proceedings of the Commission; and 
(2) recommendations for any legislation 
that the Commission considers appropriate to improve such participation. 
SEC. 7. EXCLUSION FROM PAYGO SCORECARDS. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAY-AS-YOU-GOSCORE -
CARDS .—The budgetary effects of this Act 
shall not be entered on either PAYGO score-card maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(b) S
ENATE PAYGO S CORECARDS .—The 
budgetary effects of this Act shall not be en-tered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Today marks the third time in 4 
years that a variation of the FCC Proc-ess Reform Act has come to the floor for a vote. This is a sign of how seri-ously in need of reform the FCC’s pro-cedures are and how seriously I, and 
the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, take the responsi-bility of helping put these reforms in place. 
This bill is the product of a 
multiyear, bipartisan legislative proc-ess, bringing us to a place where we can at least begin to create a frame-work for more transparent and predict-able rulemakings at the Federal Com-munications Commission. 
There are few other industries that 
have shown such high levels of innova-tion and investment as the commu-nications and technology sector. Think of the developments in smartphones alone over the past few years, Mr. Speaker. The only way to guarantee that this continues is to make sure that the agency that regulates the in-dustry is accountable and transparent so that the regulatory tangles do not impede the steady march of new and exciting innovations and offerings. 
The Subcommittee on Communica-
tions and Technology has spent a great deal of time on agency reform. In fact, tomorrow we will have the entire FCC before our committee once again. We have come to a consensus on how we can best improve the processes at the Federal Communications Commission without tying the agency’s hands un-necessarily. It has been a focus of our work. 
Our bipartisan compromise requires 
that the FCC undertake a rulemaking to adopt minimum time periods for comments and to adopt rules that pre-vent the introduction of large amounts of data—we call those data dumps, where enormous amounts of informa-tion come in at the last minute and no-body has a chance to understand what is in it or comment effectively on it, sometimes even catching commis-sioners by surprise—at the very end of a comment period. 
The new Commission rules must put 
into place specific deadlines and time-frames for agency decisions or action on different types of filings before the agency. I know all too well what those deadlines and delays can be. My wife and I were broadcasters for more than two decades. We actually had applica-tions sit at the FCC for nearly 10 years without any action. Finally, they were acted upon, and we were given 30 days to implement them. This isn’t accept-able. There must be predictability and certainty for those who rely on the FCC to make decisions central to their businesses. 
In addition to the rulemaking, the 
FCC must also conduct an inquiry into more complex issues, giving them flexi-bility in deciding whether and how to implement the reforms. We aren’t looking to, again, hamstring this agen-cy. We simply are providing them with goals and allowing them to determine the best way to achieve them. That is our job as the oversight committee over an agency. 
Process reform is not about the ac-
tions of one party and it is not about the actions of one chairman. This is 
about putting rules into place that will carry over from one administration to the next, one party to the next, one chairman to the next, creating consist-ency and certainty for the many that are subject to the Commission’s rules. I believe there must be some kind of accountability for our independent agencies and the decisions that they make. After all, it is the public’s busi-ness that they are conducting. 
While there is still much work need-
ed to be done on reforming the proce-dures at this sometimes broken agen-cy, this bill represents a vital first step in that process. The communications industry and, more importantly, the American people, deserve a transparent and accountable Federal agency, no matter who is in charge. 
For the second consecutive Congress, 
I am proud to bring this bipartisan work to the House floor. I thank my Democratic colleague, Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE , who I know will speak on 
this bill; Ranking Member E SHOO , who 
has been a terrific partner as we have worked on this; Representatives M
AT-
SUI, CLARKE , and L OEBSACK for their 
contributions to this bill; and staff on both sides of the aisle, David Redl, Grace Koh, Kelsey Guyselman, Gene Fullano, David Goldman, Lori Maarbjerg, and David Grossman, for their hard work. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
2583, the Federal Communications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015. 
The FCC has a role in regulating in-
dustries that make up one-sixth of our economy and whose services have been essential to consumers, and it is impor-tant that the FCC functions in a fast, efficient, and transparent way. 
The FCC Chairman has made process 
reform a priority of his tenure, and he has made great strides in improving how the FCC functions. But it is the role of Congress to make adjustments like we are doing today. I believe that the final text of the bill we are consid-ering today will achieve that goal, and I urge all Members to support it. 
Not all of the issues in the FCC Proc-
ess Reform Act are new. In fact, the base of the bill being considered here today is very similar to the bill that passed the House under suspension by voice vote last Congress. It requires the FCC to adopt procedural rule changes to maximize public participa-tion and to look into other potential process changes, including whether to establish deadlines for application processing. It also includes the provi-sions of the FCC Collaboration Act, an issue championed by Representative E
SHOO , which will allow commissioners 
to freely discuss FCC issues with suffi-cient safeguards to protect against abuse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.040 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8185 November 16, 2015 
Democrats offered additional sugges-
tions earlier this year when the Sub-committee on Communications and Technology considered this and other bills aimed at FCC process reform. The ideas of subcommittee members C
LARKE , L OEBSACK , and M ATSUI  
furthered our goal to help make the FCC fast, efficient, and transparent. 
The simple suggestions were to, one, 
require the FCC to provide quarterly reports on pending items with the agency to ensure accountability and timely responses; two, require, the FCC to coordinate with the Small Business Administration to improve small-busi-ness participation in FCC proceedings; and, third, require the FCC Chairman to publicly post the agency’s internal policies and procedures for greater transparency. 
Although we could not agree on the 
policies offered by the Republicans and dissented from the version of the bill that was favorably reported from the Energy and Commerce Committee in June, we worked in a bipartisan man-ner to craft the language that we take up today. This version of the bill takes the bipartisan language from last Con-gress and includes most of the Demo-cratic suggestions that improve the bill. 
I appreciate Chairman U
PTON and 
Chairman W ALDEN ’s willingness to lis-
ten to our concerns and work with us to achieve a bipartisan result. It is a stronger bill because of it. 
I also want to thank Communica-
tions and Technology Subcommittee Ranking Member A
NNA ESHOO for her 
leadership on these issues, as well as Representatives C
LARKE , L OEBSACK , 
and M ATSUI , for their thoughtful con-
siderations. I look forward to con-tinuing to work with our Republican and Democratic colleagues in the Sen-ate to help this bill become law. Again, I urge its passage. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
New Jersey and his staff for the great work on this legislation. I also meant to thank Mr. K
INZINGER from Illinois as 
well, who has been very active on our subcommittee. He has done great work on this measure and some of its very important provisions. I left him out earlier today. I want to thank him as well. I also thank the staff and my col-leagues. I urge passage in the House. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge 
passage of the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, again, I think this is a 
fine piece of work. I think it will result in the Federal Communications Com-mission being even better and more transparent as it conducts the public’s business. I look forward to this bill moving on across the Chamber and to 
the Senate where, hopefully, this year they will take it up. So I ask for its ap-proval. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 2583, the Federal Commu-nications Commission Process Reform Act of 2015, a bipartisan bill aimed at giving the FCC flexibility while promoting openness, trans-parency and accountability. 
In the 113th Congress, the House of Rep-
resentatives considered and passed similar legislation by voice vote. The bill before us adds to the previously included reforms by in-cluding three legislative proposals offered dur-ing the Energy & Commerce Committee’s de-bate. 
First, a proposal offered by Rep. C
LARKE  
would require the FCC to report quarterly to Congress and to post, on its website, data on the total number of decisions pending, cat-egorized by bureau, the type of request, the length of time pending, as well as a list of pending Congressional investigations and their costs to the agency. 
Second, a proposal by Rep. L
OEBSACK  
would require the Chairman to post the Com-mission’s internal procedures on the FCC website and update the website when the Chairman makes any changes. 
Third, the underlying bill includes a proposal 
offered by Rep. M
ATSUI which would require 
the FCC to coordinate with the Small Business Administration and issue recommendations to improve small business participation in FCC proceedings. 
Collectively the proposals by Reps. C
LARKE , 
LOEBSACK and M ATSUI would modernize and 
enhance transparency at the FCC without jeopardizing regulatory certainty or opening the Commission to legal challenges on every agency action. 
I’m also pleased that the bill incorporates 
the FCC Collaboration Act of 2015, a bipar-tisan bill I introduced earlier this year with Reps. S
HIMKUS and D OYLE . For years, current 
and former FCC Commissioners have called on Congress to pass ‘sunshine reform,’ so that three or more Commissioners can hold non- public collaborative discussions, as long as no agency action is taken. While I remain dis-appointed that this provision will not take ef-fect immediately upon enactment, I’ve con-cluded that any further delay in implementa-tion is the unnecessary delay of a much need-ed reform. 
I thank Chairman W
ALDEN for working with 
me and my staff to put forward a bipartisan bill and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2583. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 2583, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE 
COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTRE-PRENEURSHIP ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro-growth environ-ment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more 
stable and predictable regulatory con-ditions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS; 
REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competi-tiveness Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents; references. TITLE I—SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE 
COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTREPRE-NEURSHIP 
Sec. 101. Short title. 
Sec. 102. International launch competitiveness. Sec. 103. Indemnification for space flight par-
ticipants. 
Sec. 104. Launch license flexibility. Sec. 105. Licensing report. Sec. 106. Federal jurisdiction. Sec. 107. Cross waivers. Sec. 108. Space authority. Sec. 109. Orbital traffic management. Sec. 110. Space surveillance and situational 
awareness data. 
Sec. 111. Consensus standards and extension of 
certain safety regulation require-ments. 
Sec. 112. Government astronauts. Sec. 113. Streamline commercial space launch 
activities. 
Sec. 114. Operation and utilization of the ISS. Sec. 115. State commercial launch facilities. Sec. 116. Space support vehicles study. Sec. 117. Space launch system update. 
TITLE II—COMMERCIAL REMOTE SENSING 
Sec. 201. Annual reports. 
Sec. 202. Statutory update report. 
TITLE III—OFFICE OF SPACE COMMERCE 
Sec. 301. Renaming of office of space commer-
cialization. 
Sec. 302. Functions of the office of space com-
merce. 
TITLE IV—SPACE RESOURCE 
EXPLORATION AND UTILIZATION 
Sec. 401. Short title. 
Sec. 402. Title 51 amendment. Sec. 403. Disclaimer of extraterritorial sov-
ereignty. 
(c) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 51, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
wherever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a sec-tion or other provision of title 51, United States Code. 
TITLE I—SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE 
COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTREPRE-NEURSHIP 
SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Spurring Pri-
vate Aerospace Competitiveness and Entrepre-neurship Act of 2015’’ or ‘‘SPACE Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 102. INTERNATIONAL LAUNCH COMPETI-
TIVENESS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that it is in the public interest to up-date the methodology used to calculate the max-imum probable loss from claims under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.062 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8186 November 16, 2015 
50914 of title 51, United States Code, with a vali-
dated risk profile approach in order to consist-ently compute valid and reasonable maximum probable loss values. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Transportation, in consultation with the commercial space sector and insurance pro-viders, shall— 
(1) evaluate the methodology used to calculate 
the maximum probable loss from claims under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code, and, if necessary, develop a plan to update that methodology; 
(2) in evaluating or developing a plan under 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) ensure that the Federal Government is not 
exposed to greater costs than intended and that launch companies are not required to purchase more insurance coverage than necessary; and 
(B) consider the impact of the cost to both the 
industry and the Government of implementing an updated methodology; and 
(3) submit the evaluation, and any plan, to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 
270 days after the date the evaluation is sub-mitted under subsection (b)(3), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives an assessment of— 
(1) the analysis and conclusions provided by 
the Secretary of Transportation in the evalua-tion, and any plan, under subsection (b); 
(2) the implementation schedule proposed by 
the Secretary in the plan described in para-graph (1); 
(3) the suitability of the plan described in 
paragraph (1) for implementation; and 
(4) any further actions needed to implement 
the plan described in paragraph (1) or otherwise accomplish the purpose of this section. 
(d) L
AUNCH LIABILITY EXTENSION .—Section 
50915(f) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 103. INDEMNIFICATION FOR SPACE FLIGHT 
PARTICIPANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 509 is amended— 
(1) in section 50914(a)— (A) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(E) space flight participants.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Subparagraph (E) of paragraph (4) ceases 
to be effective September 30, 2025.’’; and 
(2) in section 50915(a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a licensee 
or transferee under this chapter, a contractor, subcontractor, or customer of the licensee or transferee, or a contractor or subcontractor of a customer, but not against a space flight partici-pant,’’ and inserting ‘‘a person described in paragraph (3)(A)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3)(A) A person described in this subpara-
graph is— 
‘‘(i) a licensee or transferee under this chap-
ter; 
‘‘(ii) a contractor, subcontractor, or customer 
of the licensee or transferee; 
‘‘(iii) a contractor or subcontractor of a cus-
tomer; or 
‘‘(iv) a space flight participant. ‘‘(B) Clause (iv) of subparagraph (A) ceases to 
be effective September 30, 2025.’’. 
SEC. 104. LAUNCH LICENSE FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 50906 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘that will be launched or reentered’’ and inserting ‘‘or reusable launch vehicles that will be launched into a suborbital trajectory or reentered under that permit’’; (B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) research and development to test design 
concepts, equipment, or operating techniques;’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘prior to obtaining a license’’; 
and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘or vehicle’’ after ‘‘design of 
the rocket’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘suborbital 
rocket design’’ and inserting ‘‘suborbital rocket or suborbital rocket design, or for a particular reusable launch vehicle or reusable launch vehi-cle design,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or launch 
vehicle’’ after ‘‘the suborbital rocket’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(g) The Secretary may issue a permit under 
this section notwithstanding any license issued under this chapter. The issuance of a license under this chapter may not invalidate a permit issued under this section.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘or reusable 
launch vehicle’’ after ‘‘suborbital rocket’’. 
SEC. 105. LICENSING REPORT. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on approaches for streamlining the li-censing and permitting process of launch vehi-cles, reentry vehicles, or components of launch or reentry vehicles, to enable non-launch flight operations related to space transportation. The report shall include approaches to improve effi-ciency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve incon-sistencies, remove duplication, and minimize un-warranted constraints. The report shall also in-clude an assessment of existing private and gov-ernment infrastructure, as appropriate, in fu-ture licensing activities. 
SEC. 106. FEDERAL JURISDICTION. 
Section 50914 is amended by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(g) F EDERAL JURISDICTION .—Any claim by a 
third party or space flight participant for death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss result-ing from an activity carried out under the li-cense shall be the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal courts.’’. 
SEC. 107. CROSS WAIVERS. 
Section 50914(b)(1) is amended to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1)(A) A launch or reentry license issued or 
transferred under this chapter shall contain a provision requiring the licensee or transferee to make a reciprocal waiver of claims with applica-ble parties involved in launch services or reentry services under which each party to the waiver agrees to be responsible for personal injury to, death of, or property damage or loss sustained by it or its own employees resulting from an ac-tivity carried out under the applicable license. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘applicable 
parties’ means— 
‘‘(i) contractors, subcontractors, and cus-
tomers of the licensee or transferee; 
‘‘(ii) contractors and subcontractors of the 
customers; and 
‘‘(iii) space flight participants. ‘‘(C) Clause (iii) of subparagraph (B) ceases to 
be effective September 30, 2025.’’. 
SEC. 108. SPACE AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Di-rector of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Transportation, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, and the commercial space sector, shall— (1) assess current, and proposed near-term, 
commercial non-governmental activities con-ducted in space; 
(2) identify appropriate authorization and su-
pervision authorities for the activities described in paragraph (1); 
(3) recommend an authorization and super-
vision approach that would prioritize safety, utilize existing authorities, minimize burdens to the industry, promote the U.S. commercial space sector, and meet the United States obligations under international treaties; and 
(4) submit to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives a report on the activities described in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in this section shall 
apply to the activities of the ISS national lab-oratory as described in section 504 of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354), in-cluding any research or development projects utilizing the ISS national laboratory. 
SEC. 109. ORBITAL TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the 
Congress that an improved framework may be necessary for space traffic management of United States Government assets and United States private sector assets in outer space and orbital debris mitigation. 
(b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, the Chair of the Federal Com-munications Commission, the Secretary of Com-merce, and the Secretary of Defense, shall enter into an arrangement with an independent sys-tems engineering and technical assistance orga-nization to study alternate frameworks for the management of space traffic and orbital activi-ties. 
(c) C
ONTENTS .—The study shall include the 
following: 
(1) An assessment of current regulations, best 
practices, and industry standards that apply to space traffic management and orbital debris mitigation. 
(2) An assessment of current statutory au-
thorities granted to the Federal Communications Commission, the Department of Transportation, and the Department of Commerce that apply to space traffic management and orbital debris mitigation and how those agencies utilize and coordinate those authorities. 
(3) A review of all space traffic management 
and orbital debris requirements under treaties and other international agreements to which the United States is a signatory, and other non-binding international arrangements in which the United States participates, and the manner and extent to which the Federal Government complies with those requirements and arrange-ments. 
(4) An assessment of existing Federal Govern-
ment assets used to conduct space traffic man-agement and space situational awareness. 
(5) An assessment of the risk to space traffic 
management associated with smallsats and any necessary Government coordination for their launch and utilization to avoid congestion of the orbital environment and improve space situ-ational awareness. 
(6) An assessment of existing private sector in-
formation sharing activities associated with space situational awareness and space traffic management. 
(7) Recommendations related to the appro-
priate framework for the protection of the health, safety, and welfare of the public and economic vitality of the space industry. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.041 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8187 November 16, 2015 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology of the House of Representatives the study required in subsection (b). 
(e) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORITIES .— 
(1) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Department of Defense plays a vital and unique role in protecting national security assets in space. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to affect the authority of the Secretary of Defense as it relates to safe-guarding the national security. 
SEC. 110. SPACE SURVEILLANCE AND SITUA-
TIONAL AWARENESS DATA. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Transpor-tation in concurrence with the Secretary of De-fense shall— 
(1) in consultation with the heads of other rel-
evant Federal agencies, study the feasibility of processing and releasing safety-related space situational awareness data and information to any entity consistent with national security in-terests and public safety obligations of the United States; and 
(2) submit a report on the feasibility study to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 111. CONSENSUS STANDARDS AND EXTEN-
SION OF CERTAIN SAFETY REGULA-TION REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 50905(c) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘I N GEN -
ERAL.—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘R EGULA -
TIONS .—’’ before ‘‘Regulations’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (3); (4) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (10); 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) F
ACILITATION OF STANDARDS .—The Sec-
retary shall continue to work with the commer-cial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organization, to facilitate the develop-ment of voluntary industry consensus standards based on recommended best practices to improve the safety of crew, government astronauts, and space flight participants as the commercial space sector continues to mature. 
‘‘(4) C
OMMUNICATION AND TRANSPARENCY .— 
Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to discuss potential regulatory approaches, potential per-formance standards, or any other topic related to this subsection with the commercial space in-dustry, including observations, findings, and recommendations from the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its suc-cessor organization, prior to the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking. Such discussions shall not be construed to permit the Secretary to promulgate industry regulations except as other-wise provided in this section. 
‘‘(5) I
NTERIM VOLUNTARY INDUSTRY CONSENSUS  
STANDARDS REPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 
31, 2016, and every 30 months thereafter until December 31, 2021, the Secretary, in consultation and coordination with the commercial space sec-tor, including the Commercial Space Transpor-tation Advisory Committee, or its successor or-ganization, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of the commercial space transportation industry in developing voluntary industry consensus standards that promote best practices to improve industry safety. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include, at 
a minimum— 
‘‘(i) any voluntary industry consensus stand-
ards that have been accepted by the industry at large; ‘‘(ii) the identification of areas that have the 
potential to become voluntary industry con-sensus standards that are currently under con-sideration by the industry at large; 
‘‘(iii) an assessment from the Secretary on the 
general progress of the industry in adopting vol-untary industry consensus standards; 
‘‘(iv) any lessons learned about voluntary in-
dustry consensus standards, best practices, and commercial space launch operations; 
‘‘(v) any lessons learned associated with the 
development, potential application, and accept-ance of voluntary industry consensus stand-ards, best practices, and commercial space launch operations; and 
‘‘(vi) recommendations, findings, or observa-
tions from the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organiza-tion, on the progress of the industry in devel-oping voluntary industry consensus standards that promote best practices to improve industry safety. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of the SPACE Act of 2015, the Secretary, in consultation and coordination with the commercial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its successor organization, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report specifying key industry metrics that might indicate readiness of the commercial space sector and the Department of Transportation to transition to a safety framework that may include regulations under paragraph (9) that considers space flight partic-ipant, government astronaut, and crew safety. 
‘‘(7) R
EPORTS .—Not later than March 31 of 
each of 2018 and 2022, the Secretary, in con-sultation and coordination with the commercial space sector, including the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or its suc-cessor organization, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report that identifies the ac-tivities, described in this subsection and sub-section (d) most appropriate for a new safety framework that may include regulatory action, if any, and a proposed transition plan for such safety framework. 
‘‘(8) I
NDEPENDENT REVIEW .—Not later than 
December 31, 2022, an independent systems engi-neering and technical assistance organization or standards development organization contracted by the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives an assessment of the readiness of the commercial space industry and the Federal Government to transition to a safety framework that may include regulations. As part of the re-view, the contracted organization shall evalu-ate— 
‘‘(A) the progress of the commercial space in-
dustry in adopting voluntary industry con-sensus standards as reported by the Secretary in the interim assessments included in the reports under paragraph (5); 
‘‘(B) the progress of the commercial space in-
dustry toward meeting the key industry metrics identified by the report under paragraph (6), in-cluding the knowledge and operational experi-ence obtained by the commercial space industry while providing services for compensation or hire; and 
‘‘(C) whether the areas identified in the re-
ports under paragraph (5) are appropriate for regulatory action, or further development of vol-untary industry consensus standards, consid-ering the progress evaluated in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of this paragraph. 
‘‘(9) L
EARNING PERIOD .—Beginning on October 
1, 2023, the Secretary may propose regulations under this subsection without regard to sub-paragraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (2). The 
development of any such regulations shall take into consideration the evolving standards of the commercial space flight industry as identified in the reports published under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7).’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (10), as redesignated, by in-
serting ‘‘R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—’’ before 
‘‘Nothing’’. 
SEC. 112. GOVERNMENT ASTRONAUTS. 
(a) F INDINGS AND PURPOSE .—Section 50901(15) 
is amended by inserting ‘‘, government astro-nauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’ each place it appears. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—The National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration has a need to fly government astronauts (as defined in section 50902 of title 51, United States Code, as amend-ed) within commercial launch vehicles and re-entry vehicles under chapter 509 of that title. This need was identified by the Secretary of Transportation and the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration due to the intended use of commercial launch vehicles and reentry vehicles developed under the Commercial Crew Development Program, au-thorized in section 402 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (124 Stat. 2820; Public Law 111– 267). It is the sense of Congress that the author-ity delegated to the Administration by the amendment made by subsection (d) of this sec-tion should be used for that purpose. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF GOVERNMENT ASTRONAUT .— 
Section 50902 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(22) as paragraphs (7) through (25), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) ‘government astronaut’ means an indi-
vidual who— 
‘‘(A) is designated by the National Aero-
nautics and Space Administration under section 20113(n); 
‘‘(B) is carried within a launch vehicle or re-
entry vehicle in the course of his or her employ-ment, which may include performance of activi-ties directly relating to the launch, reentry, or other operation of the launch vehicle or reentry vehicle; and 
‘‘(C) is either— ‘‘(i) an employee of the United States Govern-
ment, including the uniformed services, engaged in the performance of a Federal function under authority of law or an Executive act; or 
‘‘(ii) an international partner astronaut. ‘‘(5) ‘international partner astronaut’ means 
an individual designated under Article 11 of the International Space Station Intergovernmental Agreement, by a partner to that agreement other than the United States, as qualified to serve as an International Space Station crew member. 
‘‘(6) ‘International Space Station Intergovern-
mental Agreement’ means the Agreement Con-cerning Cooperation on the International Space Station, signed at Washington January 29, 1998 (TIAS 12927).’’. 
(d) P
OWERS OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS  
ANDSPACE ADMINISTRATION IN PERFORMANCE OF  
FUNCTIONS .—Section 20113 is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) I DENTIFICATION OF GOVERNMENT ASTRO-
NAUTS .—For purposes of a license issued or 
transferred by the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 509 to launch a launch vehicle or to reenter a reentry vehicle carrying a govern-ment astronaut (as defined in section 50902), the Administration shall designate a government as-tronaut in accordance with requirements pre-scribed by the Administration.’’. 
(e) D
EFINITION OF LAUNCH .—Paragraph (7) of 
section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘and any payload, crew, or space flight participant’’ and inserting ‘‘and any payload or human being’’. 
(f) D
EFINITION OF LAUNCH SERVICES .—Para-
graph (9) of section 50902, as redesignated, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.041 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8188 November 16, 2015 
amended by striking ‘‘payload, crew (including 
crew training), or space flight participant’’ and inserting ‘‘payload, crew (including crew train-ing), government astronaut, or space flight par-ticipant’’. 
(g) D
EFINITION OF REENTER AND REENTRY .— 
Paragraph (16) of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘and its payload, crew, or space flight participants, if any,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and its payload or human beings, if any,’’. 
(h) D
EFINITION OF REENTRY SERVICES .—Para-
graph (17) of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘payload, crew (including crew training), or space flight participant, if any,’’ and inserting ‘‘payload, crew (including crew training), government astronaut, or space flight participant, if any,’’. 
(i) D
EFINITION OF SPACE FLIGHT PARTICI -
PANT.—Paragraph (20) of section 50902, as redes-
ignated, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(20) ‘space flight participant’ means an indi-
vidual, who is not crew or a government astro-naut, carried within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle.’’. 
(j) D
EFINITION OF THIRD PARTY.—Paragraph 
(24)(E) of section 50902, as redesignated, is amended by inserting ‘‘, government astro-nauts,’’ after ‘‘crew’’. 
(k) R
ESTRICTIONS ON LAUNCHES , OPERATIONS , 
ANDREENTRIES ; SINGLE LICENSE OR PERMIT .— 
Section 50904(d) is amended by striking ‘‘activi-ties involving crew or space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘activities involving crew, govern-ment astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
(l) L
ICENSE APPLICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS ; 
APPLICATIONS .—Section 50905 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘crews and 
space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight partici-pants’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘crew 
or space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘crew and 
space flight participants’’ and inserting ‘‘crew, government astronauts, and space flight partici-pants’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to crew or 
space flight participants’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘to crew, government astronauts, or space flight participants’’. 
(m) M
ONITORING ACTIVITIES .—Section 50907(a) 
is amended by striking ‘‘at a site used for crew or space flight participant training’’ and insert-ing ‘‘at a site not owned or operated by the Fed-eral Government or a foreign government used for crew, government astronaut, or space flight participant training’’. 
(n) A
DDITIONAL SUSPENSIONS .—Section 
50908(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘to crew or space flight participants’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘to any human being’’. 
(o) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER EXECUTIVE AGEN-
CIES, LAWS, AND INTERNATIONAL OBLIGATIONS ; 
NONAPPLICATION .—Section 50919(g) is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) N ONAPPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This chapter does not 
apply to— 
‘‘(A) a launch, reentry, operation of a launch 
vehicle or reentry vehicle, operation of a launch site or reentry site, or other space activity the Government carries out for the Government; or 
‘‘(B) planning or policies related to the 
launch, reentry, operation, or activity under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The following 
activities are not space activities the Govern-ment carries out for the Government under paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) A government astronaut being carried 
within a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle under this chapter. 
‘‘(B) A government astronaut performing ac-
tivities directly relating to the launch, reentry, or other operation of the launch vehicle or re-entry vehicle under this chapter.’’. SEC. 113. STREAMLINE COMMERCIAL SPACE 
LAUNCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that eliminating duplicative require-ments and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the commercial space sector. 
(b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress re-
affirms that the Secretary of Transportation, in overseeing and coordinating commercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
(1) promote commercial space launches and re-
entries by the private sector; 
(2) facilitate Government, State, and private 
sector involvement in enhancing U.S. launch sites and facilities; 
(3) protect public health and safety, safety of 
property, national security interests, and for-eign policy interests of the United States; and 
(4) consult with the head of another executive 
agency, including the Secretary of Defense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to pro-vide consistent application of licensing require-ments under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation under section 50918 of title 51, United States Code, and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of that title, shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, and the heads of other executive agen-cies, as appropriate— 
(A) to identify all requirements that are im-
posed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehi-cle; and 
(B) to evaluate the requirements identified in 
subparagraph (A) and, in coordination with the licensee or transferee and the heads of the rel-evant executive agencies— 
(i) determine whether the satisfaction of a re-
quirement of one agency could result in the sat-isfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
(ii) resolve any inconsistencies and remove 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Secretary of Transportation determines no outmoded or duplicative require-ments or approvals of the Federal Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the commercial space sec-tor, and the heads of other executive agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees a re-port that includes the following: 
(A) A description of the process for the appli-
cation for and approval of a permit or license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, for the commercial launch of a launch ve-hicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle, including the identification of— 
(i) any unique requirements for operating on 
a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplicative 
requirements or approvals. 
(B) A description of current efforts, if any, to 
coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency require-ments. (C) Recommendations for legislation that may 
further— 
(i) streamline requirements in order to improve 
efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve in-consistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
(ii) consolidate or modify requirements across 
affected agencies into a single application set that satisfies the requirements identified in paragraph (1)(A). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
(A) any applicable definitions set forth in sec-
tion 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
(B) the terms ‘‘launch’’, ‘‘reenter’’, and ‘‘re-
entry’’ include landing of a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle; and 
(C) the terms ‘‘United States Government 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government re-entry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially operated on United States Government property. 
SEC. 114. OPERATION AND UTILIZATION OF THE 
ISS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) maximum utilization of partnerships, sci-
entific research, commercial applications, and exploration test bed capabilities of the ISS is es-sential to ensuring the greatest return on invest-ments made by the United States and its inter-national partners in the development, assembly, and operations of that unique facility; and 
(2) every effort should be made to ensure that 
decisions regarding the service life of the ISS are based on the station’s projected capability to continue providing effective and productive re-search and exploration test bed capabilities. 
(b) C
ONTINUATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL  
SPACE STATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 501 of the National 
Aeronautics and Space Administration Author-ization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18351) is amend-ed— 
(A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ THROUGH 
2020’’; and 
(B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘through at 
least 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘through at least 2024’’. 
(2) M
AINTENANCE OF THE UNITED STATES SEG -
MENT AND ASSURANCE OF CONTINUED OPERATIONS  
OF THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION .—Section 
503 of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18353) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘through at 
least September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘through at least September 30, 2024’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘In car-
rying out subsection (a), the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator’’. 
(3) R
ESEARCH CAPACITY ALLOCATION AND INTE -
GRATION OF RESEARCH PAYLOADS .—Section 
504(d) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18354(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2020’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘at least September 30, 2024’’. 
(4) M
AINTAINING USE THROUGH AT LEAST 2024 .— 
Section 70907 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 70907. Maintaining use through at least 
2024 
‘‘(a) P OLICY .—The Administrator shall take 
all necessary steps to ensure that the Inter-national Space Station remains a viable and productive facility capable of potential United States utilization through at least September 30, 2024. 
‘‘(b) NASA A
CTIONS .—In furtherance of the 
policy under subsection (a), the Administrator shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that the International Space Station, as a designated na-tional laboratory— 
‘‘(1) remains viable as an element of overall 
exploration and partnership strategies and ap-proaches; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.041 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8189 November 16, 2015 
‘‘(2) is considered for use by all NASA mission 
directorates, as appropriate, for technically ap-propriate scientific data gathering or technology risk reduction demonstrations; and 
‘‘(3) remains an effective, functional vehicle 
providing research and test bed capabilities for the United States through at least September 30, 2024.’’. 
(5) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) T ABLE OF CONTENTS OF 2010 ACT .—The item 
relating to section 501 in the table of contents in section 1(b) of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (124 Stat. 2806) is amended by striking ‘‘through 2020’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS OF CHAPTER 709 .—The 
table of contents for chapter 709 is amended by amending the item relating to section 70907 to read as follows: 
‘‘70907. Maintaining use through at least 2024.’’. 
SEC. 115. STATE COMMERCIAL LAUNCH FACILI-
TIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) State involvement, development, owner-
ship, and operation of launch facilities can en-able growth of the Nation’s commercial sub-orbital and orbital space endeavors and support both commercial and Government space pro-grams; 
(2) State launch facilities and the people and 
property in the affected launch areas of those facilities may be subject to risks resulting from an activity carried out under a license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code; and 
(3) to ensure the success of the commercial 
launch industry and the safety of the people and property in the affected launch areas of those facilities, States and State launch facili-ties should seek to take proper measures to pro-tect themselves, to the extent of their potential liability for involvement in launch services or reentry services, and compensate third parties for possible death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss resulting from an activity carried out under a license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, to which the State or State launch facility is involved in the launch services or reentry services. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the potential inclusion of all govern-ment property, including State and municipal property, in the existing indemnification regime established under section 50914 of title 51, United States Code. 
SEC. 116. SPACE SUPPORT VEHICLES STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the use of space support vehicle services in the commercial space industry. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—This report shall include— 
(1) the extent to which launch providers rely 
on such services as part of their business mod-els; 
(2) the statutory, regulatory, and market bar-
riers to the use of such services; and 
(3) recommendations for legislative or regu-
latory action that may be needed to ensure re-duced barriers to the use of such services if such use is a requirement of the industry. 
SEC. 117. SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM UPDATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 701 is amended— 
(1) in the heading by striking ‘‘ SPACE SHUT-
TLE’’ and inserting ‘‘ SPACE LAUNCH SYS-
TEM’’; 
(2) in section 70101— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ space shut-
tle’’ and inserting ‘‘ space launch system ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and inserting 
‘‘space launch system’’; 
(3) by amending section 70102 to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘§ 70102. Space launch system use policy 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Space Launch System 
may be used for the following circumstances: 
‘‘(1) Payloads and missions that contribute to 
extending human presence beyond low-Earth orbit and substantially benefit from the unique capabilities of the Space Launch System. 
‘‘(2) Other payloads and missions that sub-
stantially benefit from the unique capabilities of the Space Launch System. 
‘‘(3) On a space available basis, Federal Gov-
ernment or educational payloads that are con-sistent with NASA’s mission for exploration be-yond low-Earth orbit. 
‘‘(4) Compelling circumstances, as determined 
by the Administrator. 
‘‘(b) A
GREEMENTS WITHFOREIGN ENTITIES .— 
The Administrator may plan, negotiate, or im-plement agreements with foreign entities for the launch of payloads for international collabo-rative efforts relating to science and technology using the Space Launch System. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPELLING CIRCUMSTANCES .—Not later 
than 30 days after the date the Administrator makes a determination under subsection (a)(4), the Administrator shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science of the House of Representatives written notification of the Administrator’s intent to se-lect the Space Launch System for a specific mis-sion under that subsection, including justifica-tion for the determination.’’; 
(4) in section 70103— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SPACE SHUT -
TLE’’ and inserting ‘‘ SPACE LAUNCH SYSTEM ’’; 
and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘space shut-
tle’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘space launch system’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 70104. Definition of Space Launch System 
‘‘In this chapter, the term ‘Space Launch Sys-
tem’ means the Space Launch System author-ized under section 302 of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration Authoriza-tion Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18322).’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chap-
ters of title 51 is amended by amending the item relating to chapter 701 to read as follows: 
‘‘701. Use of space launch system or al-
ternatives ...................................... 70101’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS OF CHAPTER 701 .—The 
table of contents of chapter 701 is amended— 
(A) in the item relating to section 70101, by 
striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘space launch system’’; 
(B) in the item relating to section 70102, by 
striking ‘‘Space shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘Space launch system’’; 
(C) in the item relating to section 70103, by 
striking ‘‘space shuttle’’ and inserting ‘‘space launch system’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘70104. Definition of Space Launch System.’’. 
(3) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROCURE COMMERCIAL  
SPACE TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .—Section 
50131(a) of chapter 51 is amended by inserting ‘‘or in section 70102’’ after ‘‘in this section’’. 
TITLE II—COMMERCIAL REMOTE SENSING 
SEC. 201. ANNUAL REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 
601 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 60126. Annual reports 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit 
a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act, and annually thereafter, on— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary’s implementation of section 
60121, including— 
‘‘(A) a list of all applications received in the 
previous calendar year; 
‘‘(B) a list of all applications that resulted in 
a license under section 60121; 
‘‘(C) a list of all applications denied and an 
explanation of why each application was de-nied, including any information relevant to the interagency adjudication process of a licensing request; 
‘‘(D) a list of all applications that required 
additional information; and 
‘‘(E) a list of all applications whose disposi-
tion exceeded the 120 day deadline established in section 60121(c), the total days overdue for each application that exceeded such deadline, and an explanation for the delay; 
‘‘(2) all notifications and information pro-
vided to the Secretary under section 60122; and 
‘‘(3) a description of all actions taken by the 
Secretary under the administrative authority granted by paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of sec-tion 60123(a). 
‘‘(b) C
LASSIFIED ANNEXES .—Each report under 
subsection (a) may include classified annexes as necessary to protect the disclosure of sensitive or classified information. 
‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—The reporting requirement 
under this section terminates effective September 30, 2020.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 601 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 60125 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘60126. Annual reports.’’. 
SEC. 202. STATUTORY UPDATE REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the heads of other appro-priate Federal agencies and the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration’s Advisory Committee on Commercial Remote Sensing, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on statutory updates necessary to license private remote sens-ing space systems. In preparing the report, the Secretary shall take into account the need to protect national security while maintaining United States private sector leadership in the field, and reflect the current state of the art of remote sensing systems, instruments, or tech-nologies. 
TITLE III—OFFICE OF SPACE COMMERCE 
SEC. 301. RENAMING OF OFFICE OF SPACE COM-
MERCIALIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER HEADING .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—The heading for chapter 507 
is amended by striking ‘‘ COMMERCIALIZA-
TION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ COMMERCE ’’. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relat-
ing to chapter 507 in the table of chapters for title 51 is amended by striking ‘‘Commercializa-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Commerce’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF OFFICE .—Section 50701 is 
amended by striking ‘‘Commercialization’’ and inserting ‘‘Commerce’’. 
(c) R
ENAMING .—Section 50702(a) is amended 
by striking ‘‘Commercialization’’ and inserting ‘‘Commerce’’. 
SEC. 302. FUNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF SPACE 
COMMERCE. 
Section 50702(c) is amended by striking ‘‘Com-
merce.’’ and inserting ‘‘Commerce, including— 
‘‘(1) to foster the conditions for the economic 
growth and technological advancement of the United States space commerce industry; 
‘‘(2) to coordinate space commerce policy 
issues and actions within the Department of Commerce; 
‘‘(3) to represent the Department of Commerce 
in the development of United States policies and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.041 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8190 November 16, 2015 
in negotiations with foreign countries to pro-
mote United States space commerce; 
‘‘(4) to promote the advancement of United 
States geospatial technologies related to space commerce, in cooperation with relevant inter-agency working groups; and 
‘‘(5) to provide support to Federal Government 
organizations working on Space-Based Posi-tioning Navigation, and Timing policy, includ-ing the National Coordination Office for Space- Based Position, Navigation, and Timing.’’. 
TITLE IV—SPACE RESOURCE 
EXPLORATION AND UTILIZATION 
SEC. 401. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Space Resource 
Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 402. TITLE 51 AMENDMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle V is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 513—SPACE RESOURCE COM-
MERCIAL EXPLORATION AND UTILIZA-TION 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘51301. Definitions. ‘‘51302. Commercial exploration and commercial 
recovery. 
‘‘51303. Asteroid resource and space resource 
rights. 
‘‘§ 51301. Definitions 
‘‘In this chapter: 
‘‘(1) A
STEROID RESOURCE .—The term ‘asteroid 
resource’ means a space resource found on or within a single asteroid. 
‘‘(2) S
PACE RESOURCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘space resource’ 
means an abiotic resource in situ in outer space. 
‘‘(B) I NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘space resource’ 
includes water and minerals. 
‘‘(3) U NITED STATES CITIZEN .—The term 
‘United States citizen’ has the meaning given the term ‘citizen of the United States’ in section 50902. 
‘‘§ 51302. Commercial exploration and com-
mercial recovery 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The President, acting 
through appropriate Federal agencies, shall— 
‘‘(1) facilitate commercial exploration for and 
commercial recovery of space resources by United States citizens; 
‘‘(2) discourage government barriers to the de-
velopment in the United States of economically viable, safe, and stable industries for commercial exploration for and commercial recovery of space resources in manners consistent with the international obligations of the United States; and 
‘‘(3) promote the right of United States citi-
zens to engage in commercial exploration for and commercial recovery of space resources free from harmful interference, in accordance with the international obligations of the United States and subject to authorization and con-tinuing supervision by the Federal Government. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this section, the Presi-dent shall submit to Congress a report on com-mercial exploration for and commercial recovery of space resources by United States citizens that specifies— 
‘‘(1) the authorities necessary to meet the 
international obligations of the United States, including authorization and continuing super-vision by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(2) recommendations for the allocation of re-
sponsibilities among Federal agencies for the ac-tivities described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘§ 51303. Asteroid resource and space resource 
rights 
‘‘A United States citizen engaged in commer-
cial recovery of an asteroid resource or a space resource under this chapter shall be entitled to any asteroid resource or space resource ob-tained, including to possess, own, transport, use, and sell the asteroid resource or space re-source obtained in accordance with applicable law, including the international obligations of 
the United States.’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chap-
ters for title 51 is amended by adding at the end of the items for subtitle V the following: 
‘‘513. Space resource commercial explo-
ration and utilization .................... 51301’’. 
SEC. 403. DISCLAIMER OF EXTRATERRITORIAL 
SOVEREIGNTY. 
It is the sense of Congress that by the enact-
ment of this Act, the United States does not thereby assert sovereignty or sovereign or exclu-sive rights or jurisdiction over, or the ownership of, any celestial body. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) and the 
gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
America is a Nation uniquely called 
to explore the final frontier. We are born adventurers with a spirit of free-dom and curiosity unmatched in human history. And that spirit is aided by the wealth of intelligence so deep that we continue to lead the world in advancement of technology and science. 
b1800 
When the Wright brothers flew over 
the beaches of Kitty Hawk and Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier, they were supported by the spirit of freedom and a structure of laws that urged them to realize their dreams and change the world at the same time. 
But the work of realizing our full po-
tential is only just beginning. We are still paying Russia $70 million every time we send one of our astronauts to the Space Station. Our commercial pioneers can and want to fulfill this role, but they need our help. 
The SPACE Act will help. This bill 
will unite law with innovation, allow-ing the next generation of pioneers to experiment, learn, and succeed without being constrained by premature regu-latory action. It ensures that anyone or anything impacted by flight or flight experiments are protected, and it keeps us competitive by providing much needed flexibility in permitting and licensing, facilitating an environ-ment that allows for swift and effective improvements in safety and reliability. 
With this law, I have great hope for 
the future of space exploration. When-ever I visit the Mojave Air and Space Port, where so many of our advance-ments are happening, I am over-whelmed by the feeling that the future is now. Upon the firm foundation of the 
SPACE Act, I know they and others will lead us far and that our limits are only bounded by what we can imagine as we continue our journey to the stars. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I support the growing 
commercial space transportation in-dustry, and I support the stated goal of the SPACE Act, to ‘‘encourage private sector investment and create more sta-ble and predictable regulatory condi-tions.’’ 
The commercial space industry is 
emerging, it is growing, it is preparing for the 21st century and research and technology and entrepreneurship and exploration. It employs thousands of workers. 
The bill does some useful things. It 
extends the life of the International Space Station at least through 2024, giving us a springboard for a pathway to Mars. 
It provides for a clear definition of 
government astronauts as separate from crew and other spaceflight par-ticipants, recognizing the historic and unique and necessary place in the spec-trum for government astronauts. 
But I must also point out my con-
cerns that we support policies that consider the safety of those who will use the commercial services we are seeking to encourage, especially com-mercial human spaceflight services. 
I am concerned that the length of the 
moratorium, 8 years, on FAA’s ability to even start proposing regulations for human occupants on commercial human spaceflight systems, the so- called learning period, is longer than it needs to be for an industry that, as has been described, is moving at quite a rapid pace. 
I am concerned that this bill requires 
spaceflight participants, those who will buy tickets to fly on commercial and human spaceflight systems, to waive their rights to sue the launch provider and related parties for claims. 
It is unclear, for example, what the 
parameters are for instances of neg-ligence and gross negligence or malfea-sance, and we needed the bill to clarify these issues. 
I am concerned that we are rushing 
to establish policy on space resource mining and utilization without having vetted the range of issues associated with it and without having carried out the necessary due diligence to inform legislation that relates to our inter-national treaty obligations with our international partners. 
Mr. Speaker, I supported the original 
Senate-passed bill, S. 1297, which in-cludes a 5-year learning period and 4- year extension of commercial launch indemnification. A formal conference would have, of course, allowed Mem-bers the opportunity to fully explore and discuss the issues that I have de-scribed and resolve most, if not all, of our differences. Unfortunately, such a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.041 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8191 November 16, 2015 
process was not followed in this case, 
and so we are left with a bill that I be-lieve exceeds its risks. 
That said, I believe that we should 
continue to support the emerging com-mercial space industry, though we must do so with an eye toward pro-tecting all those who use it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the esteemed chairman of 
the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the majority leader for yielding me time. And I also want to thank the majority leader, K
EVIN MCCARTHY , an 
honorary member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for sponsoring this important legislation. 
This bill encourages the private sec-
tor to launch rockets, take risks, and shoot for the stars. H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act, facilitates a pro-growth environment for the developing com-mercial space sector. 
It creates more stable regulatory 
conditions and improves safety, which, in turn, attracts private investment. 
This bill secures American leadership 
in space and fosters the development of advanced space technologies. 
It preserves the Federal Aviation Ad-
ministration’s ability to regulate com-mercial human spaceflight in order to protect national security, public health, and safety. It also preserves the FAA’s ability to regulate spaceflight participants and crew safety in the event of an accident. 
The SPACE Act allows the commer-
cial space industry to develop stand-ards and coordinate with the FAA so the industry can grow in a stable regu-latory environment without the threat of arbitrary regulations that would ad-versely impact their ability to inno-vate. 
International law places liability for 
damages that result from space acci-dents on the launching country. All spacefaring nations require some form of third-party liability insurance for launching entities. 
The current U.S. risk-sharing struc-
ture expires in 2016. This act extends indemnification to 2025, and this provi-sion prevents U.S. space companies from going overseas where other na-tions have much more favorable liabil-ity protection. 
The SPACE Act also closes a statu-
tory loophole that negates an experi-mental permit once a launch license is issued for the same vehicle design. This fosters greater innovation and allows an experimental permit holder to con-tinue its tests while a license holder conducts operations. 
Current law only allows for two cat-
egories of individuals carried on a spacecraft: crew and spaceflight par-ticipants. Now that NASA allows other astronauts to travel to the Inter-national Space Station, a new category is necessary to outline the roles, re-sponsibilities, and protections for as-
tronauts on a commercial human spaceflight launch. 
This bill closes a loophole that 
carved out an exception for spaceflight participants from indemnification cov-erage. By including these individuals in the indemnification provision, spaceflight participants who partici-pate in a launch as a result of a contest or for other reasons are not exposed to liability more than anyone else in-volved in the launch. 
Current law requires that all parties 
involved in a launch waive claims against each other. This bill adds spaceflight participants to the cross- waiver requirement to ensure consist-ency and reinforce the informed con-sent requirements. 
Many bipartisan provisions recently 
considered by the Science, Space, and Technology Committee are included in this legislation. These provisions es-tablish in United States domestic law that U.S. citizens are entitled to ex-plore, use, and take possession of space resources. They also streamline the regulatory process for commercial re-mote sensing and update the Office of Space Commerce. 
Numerous space companies have ex-
pressed support for this bill. They in-clude SpaceX; Virgin Galactic; Blue Origin; World View Enterprises; XCOR Aerospace; Mojave Air and Space Port; Planetary Resources; Moon Express; Spaceport America; Spaceport Camden, Georgia; Midland Development Cor-poration; Masten Space Systems; the Satellite Industry Association; and the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, which represents more than 50 com-mercial space companies across the United States. 
This bill is the product of over 3 
years of work, 14 committee hearings, multiple markups, a rule on the House floor that allowed amendments, and input from industry, education groups, and grassroots citizen advocacy groups. Virtually every space stakeholder group supports this bill. And, in fact, it passed the Senate unanimously last week. 
H.R. 2262 keeps America at the fore-
front of the aerospace technology, pro-motes American jobs, reduces red tape, promotes safety, and inspires the next generation of explorers. It provides the boost America’s private space partners need as they lead the world into the fu-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, we have reached this 
point because of the persistence, over many weeks, of very able staff mem-
bers. I especially thank the Space Sub-committee Staff Director, Tom Ham-mond; Science Committee Senior Ad-viser and Legislative Director, Chris Wydler; and Chief of Staff Jennifer Brown for their work on this legisla-tion. 
I also want to thank Majority Leader 
M
CCARTHY again, for his initiative on 
this bill, and I encourage my col-leagues to support it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE 
BERNICE JOHNSON ), the ranking mem-
ber of the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, nothing excites me more than to discuss and to have wit-nessed much of the space exploration research. 
The bill we are considering today is a 
missed opportunity to enact sensible policies. It is a bill that, if enacted, will do harm to American taxpayers, to the long-term interests of the commer-cial space industry itself. 
It is a bill that displays the incon-
sistent and contradictory approach that this Congress has taken toward this industry. On the one hand, Con-gress and the industry has been saying that the commercial launch industry is so mature that we are ready to send our NASA astronauts on the Inter-national Space Station as passengers on commercial spacecraft. 
On the other hand, the bill before us 
today says that the industry is still so immature that the FAA shouldn’t be allowed to impose any safety regula-tions to protect passengers who fly on any of the commercial spacecraft until well into the next decade; this, despite the fact that our country has more than a half century of experience in 
human spaceflight, and we understand very well what is needed to maintain passenger safety. 
This contradictory posture makes no 
sense to me. NASA will insist on the insight and oversight necessary to be convinced that the vehicles its astro-nauts fly on will be as safe as they can be. However, with this bill, ordinary citizens who fly on commercial space-craft won’t have any similar protec-tions. 
I must point out that I am not talk-
ing in the abstraction. In just this past 13 months, we have witnessed three dif-ferent commercial launch providers ex-perience catastrophic failures. One of those failures resulted in the death of a test pilot. Another caused millions of dollars of damage to the launch facil-ity. 
With these major accidents as a 
backdrop, I think it is unconscionable that we are here today moving this bill in its current form. 
The bill before us also goes against 
the interests of the American taxpayer. By extending the current licensing and indemnification regime without any updating of its provisions, it shifts more and more of the third-party li-ability financial risk in the event of an accident, and we know there will be ac-cidents, from the companies to the tax-payers. 
Each year that the current, outdated 
indemnification regime is extended, 
the financial exposure of the taxpayer grows, and that of the companies are reduced. I can think of no other indus-try where we are willing to have the government—and ultimately the Amer-ican taxpayer—assume an increasing share of the financial risk of an indus-try as it matures. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.065 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8192 November 16, 2015 
Of course, some of my majority col-
leagues will argue that we have to pro-vide that preferential treatment to our domestic commercial space transpor-tation industry because foreign govern-ments are providing it to theirs. Yet I would note that many of those same Members rejected that same argument when it was applied to the renewal of the Ex-Im Bank. I guess consistency is not always seen as a virtue in this party. 
Mr. Speaker, I will not belabor the 
point. I opposed this bill when an ear-lier version passed the House. Unfortu-nately, negotiations with the Senate did not result in any significant im-provements. 
That is not to say there are no good 
provisions in the bill. There are. 
b1815 
But they are outweighed by the pro-
visions that in one way or another say that we as a Congress are concerned with protecting the interests of the commercial space transportation in-dustry but not the safety of the Ameri-cans who will fly on their commercial spacecraft. 
Mr. Speaker, when the inevitable ac-
cident with significant loss of life oc-curs, whether it is 1 year from now or 5 years from now, the American public will look back at what we are doing today and ask how we could be so shortsighted. I would urge my col-leagues to take a step back from this path that we are on so that we can take the time to craft legislation that will help this industry grow in a re-sponsible manner while still protecting our citizens. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Texas (Mr. B ABIN), the chairman of the 
Space Subcommittee. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute to H.R. 2262. This bill is the result of bipartisan negotia-tions with our Senate colleagues over the last several months. Just last week, the Senate passed this bill unanimously. 
Over the last 3 years, the House 
Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee has held 14 hearings on issues related to commercial space, with doz-ens of witnesses from government, in-dustry, academia, and grassroots orga-nizations. We have met with countless stakeholders and considered this bill in committee with markups, on the House floor under a rule that allowed for amendments, and successfully nego-tiated a bipartisan, bicameral bill with the Senate. By all measures, this is how the legislative process should work. I commend my colleagues both in this House and in the Senate on a job well done. 
That isn’t to say that this is a per-
fect bill, but in some instances I don’t think the bill goes quite far enough. But that is the nature of our legisla-tive process, and the bill before us moves the ball down the field in the right direction, enabling a strong 
American commercial space industry to flourish. This bill reflects the most significant piece of legislation relating to commercial space since 1988. 
I am also very proud that our final 
product looks remarkably similar to the bill we approved in the House, with strong bipartisan support, earlier. We were able to convince our Senate col-leagues of the importance of extending the regulatory learning period beyond 5 years to 8 years; we were able to extend indemnification to 10 years as opposed to 5 years as called for in the Senate bill; and we were able to include many additional launch provisions from the original House bill. These are impor-tant provisions that will build a strong American space industry. 
I am also very pleased that the Sen-
ate agreed to include three other crit-ical titles in this bill that were intro-duced and advanced by members of the committee. These include the Commer-cial Remote Sensing Act, sponsored by Representative B
RIDENSTINE ; the Office 
of Space Commerce Act, sponsored by Representative R
OHRABACHER ; and the 
Space Resource Exploration and Utili-zation Act, sponsored by Representa-tive P
OSEY . Their tireless advocacy en-
sured these provisions stayed in the bill. These provisions will pave the way for new industries to blossom in the United States, allowing our Nation to remain the world leader in space. We want the United States to be the place where the world comes for space. 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan, bi-
cameral agreement facilitates a progrowth environment for the devel-oping commercial space sector and cre-ates more stable regulatory conditions. 
None of this could have been possible with-
out the tireless leadership of Majority Leader M
CCARTHY and Chairman L AMAR SMITH, who 
sponsored the bill. Throughout the process, they helped navigate and chart a course for our private sector space community. I thank them for their leadership and recommend a yes vote on this important legislation. 
PLANETARY RESOURCES , 
Richmond,VA, November 15, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN MCCARTHY , 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY AND  
CHAIRMAN SMITH: I want to thank you for 
your vision in taking up H.R. 2262, the Com-mercial Space Launch and Competitiveness Act. Planetary Resources strongly supports H.R. 2262, as amended, and commends you for your leadership in passing this vital legisla-tion. 
The bill provides a critically important 
element of legal certainty regarding prop-erty rights in asteroid resources. This will help companies like ours continue to unlock private support for resource exploration in space. 
Thank you for your foresight and persever-
ance. 
Sincerely, 
C
HRIS LEWICKI , 
CEO, Planetary Resources. MIDLAND DEVELOPMENT CORPORA -
TION, 
Midland, TX, November 13, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I am writing to ex-
press our support for the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. We ap-preciate your leadership in developing this important legislation. 
The Midland International Air and Space 
Port (MAF) received its FAA license last year to operate as a commercial space launch site, also known as a spaceport. Al-though there are other spaceports in the United States, MAF is the only commercial service airport to have this designation. The Midland Development Corporation has been active in working closely with the City of Midland in making the spaceport successful. 
Our initial plans are going well and our 
long-term vision is to have Midland serve as an important center for the world’s growing commercial space industry. Since we are still in the early stages of commercial human spaceflight, the CSLCA is needed to assist the industry in continuing to develop and move forward and we are grateful for your efforts to have this legislation enacted. 
We in Midland will continue to do all that 
we can to ensure that Texas and the United States are at the leading edge of commercial space developments. We look forward to working with you to achieve this goal. 
Sincerely, 
P
AMELA WELCH , 
Executive Director. 
MOONEXPRESS , 
Cape Canaveral, FL, November 16, 2015. 
Chairman L AMAR SMITH, 
House Science Committee, Washington, DC. Ranking Member E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
House Science Committee, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BER JOHNSON : Moon Express applauds the 
House and Senate negotiators for the tre-mendous work and effort put into crafting the bipartisan, bicameral ‘‘U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act’’ (CSLCA, or H.R. 2262 as amended). This new legislation sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the commercial space industry, and incentivizes further in-vestments in innovation and the develop-ment of spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. 
Moon Express wishes to focus particular 
praise on the House and Senate negotiators for Title IV of CSLCA, the ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’, that provides the first ever codification of rights under United States law for the pri-vate sector extraction and utilization of space resources obtained from a celestial body. This landmark legislation provides a unified vision for the growth of the private sector space resources industry and will help spur new investments into this bold new field that’s vital to America’s future com-petitiveness, prosperity and security. 
Moon Express, Bigelow Aerospace, and 
many other companies are applauding the Senate for supporting the creation of a sta-ble and predictable environment for private sector development while encouraging in-vestments into the bold new field of outer space resource exploration and utilization. This legislation protects and supports U.S. interests as private sector companies expand the economic sphere of Earth to the Moon and beyond. 
The opportunities for the private sector to 
explore and utilize space resources are sub-stantial, and Moon Express welcomes the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.067 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8193 November 16, 2015 
CSLCA and particularly the landmark legis-
lation of its Title IV ‘‘Space Resource Explo-ration and Utilization Act of 2015’’ that rec-ognizes and promotes the rights of United States companies to engage in the explo-ration and extraction of space resources from the Moon and other celestial bodies. 
For these reasons, and many more, Moon 
Express calls on Congress to quickly pass H.R. 2262 as amended, the bipartisan bill that will ensure that America remains the leader in space. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT (BOB) RICHARDS , 
Founder and CEO. 
MASTEN , 
Mojave, CA, November 16, 2015. 
HONORABLE MEMBERS OF THE UNITED  
STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES : On be-
half of Masten Space Systems Inc., an Amer-ican rocket technology company, we would like to express our sincerest thanks for your continued support in America’s continued leadership in space exploration through the development and passing of the CSLCA bill. 
Your leadership, unwavering commitment, 
and forward leaning legislation allows com-panies like ours to continue safely pursuing the reaches of space while we grow an Amer-ican space company. Your bi-partisan efforts and work with the Senate has been critical to the maturation the commercial space market. 
We look forward to another great year of 
success with the passing of this legislation and your stanch support in keeping this country on track to remain the trailblazers in the difficult endeavors of exploring this universe. 
S
EANMAHONEY , 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Masten Space Systems Inc. 
SPACE EXPLORATION TECHNOLOGIES , 
Hawthorne, CA, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Science, Space & Technology Com-
mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN SMITH: Space Exploration 
Technologies Corp. (SpaceX) writes to share its support for passing H.R. 2262, the U.S. 
Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act , 
as passed by the U.S. Senate on November 9, 2015. 
This bill represents a bipartisan, bicameral 
effort to update and extend key provisions of the Commercial Space Launch Act (CSLA), which governs the U.S. commercial space launch industry, including SpaceX’s oper-ational flights with U.S. astronauts to the Space Station that are scheduled for 2017. Along with a number of beneficial changes, this bill provides an important clarification of the legal framework for flying govern-ment astronauts and extends liability and insurance protections for space flight par-ticipants. 
Thank you, House Majority Leader Kevin 
McCarthy, and your fellow cosponsors for leading this effort in the House. We also ap-preciate the hard work by Senate Commerce, Science and Technology Chairman John Thune, Ranking Member Bill Nelson, and Space, Science, and Competitiveness Sub-committee Chairman Ted Cruz and Ranking Member Gary Peters and the Senate cospon-sors who contributed to this thoughtful leg-islation. 
We hope H.R. 2262 passes the U.S. House of 
Representatives and is quickly signed into law. Again, thank you and your colleagues for working together on this significant leg-islation. 
Sincerely, 
G
WYNNE SHOTWELL , 
President. MOJAVE AIRANDSPACE PORT, 
Mojave, CA, November 13, 2015. 
Subject: H.R. 2262; Support for passage Hon. C
HAIRMAN SMITH, 
House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, Washington, DC. 
CHAIRMAN SMITH: Congratulations on a 
marvelous demonstration of leadership for our industry! 
Today Mojave Air and Space Port rises in 
support of H.R. 2262 and requests all Mem-bers of the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join in unanimous support by voting to pass this landmark legislation. H.R. 2262 moves America away from depend-ence on competitive countries for our space ambitions and returns America to the fore-front of space exploration and exploitation. 
Again, Mr. Chairman, your personal in-
volvement in this effort made a difference and we cannot thank you enough. Please ex-tend our wishes to all Members of Congress and call upon us anytime as we all work to-gether in a collective effort to return Amer-ica to greatness. 
Very Respectfully, 
S
TUART O. W ITT, 
CEO. 
MOJAVE AIR AND SPACE PORT, 
Mojave, California, 13 Nov 2015. 
Subject H.R. 2262; Support for passage 
Hon. Majority Leader M CCARTHY , 
Washington, DC. 
LEADER MCCARTHY : Congratulations on an 
incredible demonstration of technical and political leadership for our industry! 
Today Mojave Air and Space Port rises in 
support of H.R. 2262 and requests all Mem-bers of the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join in unanimous support by voting to pass this landmark legislation. H.R. 2262 moves America away from depend-ence on competitive countries for our space ambitions and returns America to the fore-front of space exploration and exploitation. Your leadership on creating and moving H.R. 2262 through the legislative process will like-ly have the most impact on our industry since the original bill of 1984. 
Mr. McCarthy, your personal involvement 
in our industry continues to make a dif-ference and we cannot thank you enough. Please extend our wishes to all Members of Congress and call upon us anytime as we all work together in a collective effort to return America to greatness. 
Very Respectfully, 
S
TUART O. W ITT, 
CEO. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space 
& Technology, Washington, DC. 
Hon. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
Ranking Member, House Committee on Science, 
Space & Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BER JOHNSON : I am writing to offer Virgin 
Galactic’s strong support for H.R. 2262, the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitive-ness Act. This legislation addresses many of the policy hurdles facing the private space sector since the most recent update of the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act in 2004, and creates a regulatory environ-ment that continues to support the national objective of expanding human spaceflight. 
The commercial spaceflight industry has 
seen incredible growth in the past few years, as we strive to make access to space ever more safe, reliable, and routine. With the passage of this bill, the industry can con-tinue to innovate and develop the tech-nologies that will take us to the edge of space and beyond. Virgin Galactic thanks you, your staff, and your colleagues on the Committee for your hard work on this legis-
lation, and we look forward to continued col-laboration in the future. 
Sincerely, 
G
EORGE T. W HITESIDES , 
Chief Executive Officer, Virgin Galactic. 
BLUEORIGIN , 
Kent, WA, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN MCCARTHY , 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space 
and Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY AND  
CHAIRMAN SMITH: Blue Origin strongly sup-
ports the Commercial Space Launch Com-petitiveness Act (H.R. 2262 as amended) and thanks you both for your steadfast support and efforts leading to the passage of this bill through the House of Representatives. Since its original enactment in 1984 this legislation has shaped the commercial space transpor-tation industry, and this reauthorization paves the way for continued growth and ad-vancement by companies like Blue Origin. This bipartisan bill enables companies like ours to increase the safety of spaceflight while opening the horizons of space to every-one. The expanded protections for spaceflight participants and opportunities for expansion in new commercial space appli-cations guarantees a promising future for 
this industry. We also applaud the leadership and support of Chairman Brian Babin, and Representatives Steven Palazzo, Jim Bridenstine, Randy Hultgren, Steve Knight, Frank Lucas, Michael McCaul, John Moolenaar, Bill Posey, Dana Rohrabacher and Randy Weber, for their co-sponsorship of this important legislation. 
R
OBERT MEYERSON , 
President, Blue Origin. 
SPACEPORT CAMDEN , 
Woodbine, GA, November 14, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN MCCARTHY , 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Chairman L
AMAR SMITH, 
House Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-
nology, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY AND  
CHAIRMAN SMITH: Spaceport Camden County, 
a proposed spaceport along the south Geor-gia Coast, is fully supportive of the passage by the House of Representatives of the Com-mercial Space Launch Act, as recently amended by House and Senate actions. 
We note that the CSLA was last updated in 
2004, and that initial action created a regu-latory framework for commercial human spaceflight that resulted in a wave of invest-ment, innovation, jobs and economic growth for the U.S. Since 2004, there has been nu-merous successful companies formed (or ex-panded), citizens employed, revenues gen-erated and significant private risk capital committed and spent to develop new ap-proaches to space technology, utilization, services, and economic development. These developments have also captured the coun-try’s attention and spurred a renewed em-phasis on the pursuit of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) stud-ies by students from 5–85 years young. 
The new legislation under consideration by 
the House sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the space transpor-tation industry, while enabling rapid ad-vances in safety for spaceflight participants. It also promotes investments in new com-mercial space applications, promising future spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. The bill facilitates a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging continued and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.071 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8194 November 16, 2015 
enhanced private sector investment, cre-
ating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and improving safety. 
We encourage the full House to vote in the 
affirmative for the new legislation! 
Sincerely, 
S
TEVE L. H OWARD , ICMA– 
CM, CPM, CPPO, County Administrator. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ). 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I 
am fully convinced of the potential economic growth and innovation the commercial space industry represents. We already rely on commercial space for so much, and in the coming years, we will see this industry continuing to expand worldwide Internet coverage, advanced communication architec-tures, remote sensing and weather ar-chitectures, affordable access to space for science and commerce, permanent habitats in space, utilization of space resources, and the list goes on. 
We must make sure that we as mem-
bers of Congress do not do anything that could stifle this world-changing industry. That is why the U.S. Com-mercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act is crucial. The most important as-pect of this legislation is the extension of the so-called learning period or mor-atorium on regulations for commercial human spaceflight. We need a learning period so we can eventually create a regulatory environment based on real data, not just speculation. 
The bill also extends launch indem-
nification to keep American space companies competitive against inter-national companies, clarifies that a launch license and experimental per-mit can be issued for the same design, and enables private companies to ex-plore and mine celestial resources by incorporating the Space Resource Ex-ploration and Utilization Act of 2015 in-troduced by my friends B
ILLPOSEY and 
DEREK KILMER here in this body. These 
provisions will go a long way toward encouraging a continued growth of the commercial space industry. 
I would also like to address a few pro-
visions of this bill that I worked to in-clude myself, and I am pleased that we were able to keep them as the Senate worked to keep them in the final bill. 
Section 116 of the bill will require a 
GAO report to capture the role of space support vehicles in the commercial space industry, regulatory and statu-tory barriers to the services these vehi-cles offer, and recommendations for up-dates that will address these barriers. People will need to be trained to fly, and vehicle designs will not remain static, which is why this provision is so important. This section will help us ad-dress situations that will become more prevalent as the commercial space in-dustry continues to expand and diver-sify. 
Additionally, title II of this bill in-
corporates H.R. 2261, the Commercial Remote Sensing Act, bipartisan legis-lation I introduced with my friend 
from Colorado, E
DPERLMUTTER . This 
title sets metrics to give Congress a full picture of the workload facing the Department of Commerce when licens-ing remote-sensing activities and what issues are preventing them from meet-ing statutory deadlines. Title II also recognizes the importance of seeking input from the Advisory Committee for Commercial Remote Sensing, which is largely made up of industry representa-tives. This legislation will be crucial as industry expands beyond traditional remote-sensing satellites and activities and as Congress looks to update the statutes governing these activities for the first time since the 1990s. 
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I would 
like to thank the majority leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , the sponsor of this legisla-
tion, and the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee chairman, Mr. S
MITH, for their continued leadership 
on commercial space issues. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2262 is critically 
important to the future of American leadership, and I urge my colleagues to pass the bill. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Florida (Mr. P OSEY ). 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
majority leader for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the historic U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. This leg-islation continues to lay the ground-work for a vibrant commercial space industry in the United States of Amer-ica. 
I would like to thank the majority 
leader, K
EVIN MCCARTHY , and Chair-
man L AMAR SMITH for all their work on 
the legislation. 
I include in the R ECORD several 
items. 
SPACEPORT AMERICA , 
Las Cruces, NM, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN MCCARTHY , 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chair, House Committee on Science, Space & 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY AND  
CHAIRMAN SMITH: I am writing to offer 
Spaceport America’s strong endorsement of H.R. 2262, as amended, the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act. 
This bill represents one of the most signifi-
cant modernizations of commercial space policy and regulatory legislation since the original Commercial Space Launch (CSLA) was enacted in 1984. The CSLA was last up-dated in 2004, creating a regulatory frame-work for commercial human spaceffight that resulted in a wave of investment, innovation, jobs and economic growth for the U.S. This new legislation sets the stage for the contin-ued growth and expansion of the space trans-portation industry, while enabling rapid ad-vances in safety for spaceflight participants. It also promotes investments in new com-mercial space applications, promising future spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. 
This bill is a fair and equitable com-
promise that resulted from months of hard work and negotiations among Republicans 
and Democrats in the House and Senate to harmonize language from the House-passed SPACE Act of 2015 with provisions from S. 1297, the Senate’s commercial space legisla-tion. It reflects your shared vision for com-mercial spaceflight, while addressing issues raised by Democratic leaders during delib-erations on the bill. 
Last week the Senate passed this com-
promise bill without a single objection, indi-cating broad support for this legislation across the political spectrum. In May, your original SPACE Act passed the House 284– 133—a 68 percent margin that included 236 Republicans and 48 Democrats. Now that the Senate has unanimously supported this bi-partisan compromise, we would hope that all 435 House Members could vote in the na-tional interest to approve this historic legis-lation. 
Spaceport America applauds both of you 
for your leadership and vision in developing and shepherding this much-needed and com-prehensive bill through the Congress. We thank you, your colleagues, and all of your staff for the many contributions and the per-severance in advancing this bipartisan legis-lation that will ensure America remains the 
leading force in the economic development of space. 
Sincerely, 
C
HRISTINE ANDERSON , 
Chief Executive Officer. 
COMMERCIAL SPACEFLIGHT FEDERA -
TION, 
Washington, DC, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. K EVIN MCCARTHY , 
Majority Leader, House of Representatives, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chair, House Committee on Science, Space & 
Technology, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCARTHY AND  
CHAIRMAN SMITH: I am writing to offer the 
Commercial Spaceflight Federation’s strong endorsement of H.R. 2262, as amended, the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitive-ness Act. This bill represents one of the most significant modernizations of commercial space policy and regulatory legislation since the original Commercial Space Launch (CSLA) was enacted in 1984. The CSLA was last updated in 2004, creating a regulatory framework for commercial human spaceflight that resulted in a wave of invest-ment, innovation, jobs and economic growth for the U.S. This new legislation sets the stage for the continued growth and expan-sion of the space transportation industry, while enabling rapid advances in safety for spaceflight participants. It also promotes in-vestments in new commercial space applica-tions, promising future spaceflight capabili-ties that will benefit all Americans. 
This bill is a fair and equitable com-
promise that resulted from months of hard work and negotiations among Republicans and Democrats in the House and Senate to harmonize language from the House-passed SPACE Act of 2015 with provisions from S. 1297, the Senate’s commercial space legisla-tion. It reflects your shared vision for com-mercial spaceflight, while addressing issues raised by Democratic leaders during delib-erations on the bill. 
Last week week the Senate passed this 
compromise bill without a single objection, indicating broad support for this legislation across the political spectrum. In May, your original SPACE Act passed the House 284– 133—a 68 percent margin that included 236 Republicans and 48 Democrats. Now that the Senate has unanimously supported this bi-partisan compromise, we would hope that all 435 House Members could vote in the na-tional interest to approve this historic legis-lation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.054 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8195 November 16, 2015 
CSF’s many companies and organizations, 
and their employees and stakeholders, ap-plaud both of you for your leadership and vi-sion in developing and shepherding this much-needed and comprehensive bill through the Congress. We thank you, your col-leagues, and all of your staff for the many contributions and the perseverance in ad-vancing this bipartisan legislation that will ensure America remains the leading force in the economic development of space. 
Sincerely, 
E
RICW. S TALLMER , 
President. 
SATELLITE INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION APPLAUDS  
CONGRESS FOR PASSING LONG-TERM EXTEN -
SION OF COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH INDEM -
NIFICATION  
[News: For Immediate Release—November 
16, 2015] 
WASHINGTON , D.C.—The Satellite Industry 
Association (SIA) today applauded the pas-sage of a bill by the House of Representa-tives that will extend the existing commer-cial space launch indemnification regime through 2025. The indemnification provision was included as a part of the Spurring Pri-vate Aerospace Competitiveness and Entre-preneurship (SPACE) Act of 2015. The Senate has already passed identical legislation, so the measure will now be sent to the White House for signature or veto. 
‘‘Extending the launch indemnification re-
gime for a further 10 years ensures the con-tinuation of a long-standing provision need-ed for the global competitiveness of U.S. launch services companies,’’ said Tom Stroup, President of SIA. ‘‘SIA applauds this action by Congress. It is an important step to maintaining U.S. innovation and leader-ship in satellite launch while aiding the broader domestic and global satellite indus-try.’’ 
SIA has long supported extending commer-
cial space launch indemnification regime, which offers government indemnification for any such damages in excess of the required private launch insurance limits. The regime has never been drawn upon, but allows U.S. commercial launch service providers to com-pete on a level playing field with foreign pro-viders, all of which enjoy similar indem-nification from 3rd party liability damage related to launch failures. 
WORLD VIEW, 
November 16, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, House Committee on Science, Space 
& Technology, Washington, DC. 
HONORABLE LAMAR SMITH AND MEMBERS OF  
THECOMMITTEE : I am writing to offer World 
View Enterprise’s strong support for the pas-sage of H.R. 2262. The bill is a culmination of bipartisan work that promotes competitive-ness of the U.S. commercial space sector. 
Under H.R. 2262 innovators such as World 
View will develop new technologies and strong international markets, creating jobs and growing the economy right here in America. We are a company with a unique mission: to give scientists and non-astronaut spaceflight participants the opportunity to voyage to the edge of space. Our proprietary high-altitude balloons will take Voyagers on a luxury suborbital spaceflight, where they will gently soar in a comfortable, smartly outfitted, specially designed space capsule. Participants will gaze upon the spectacular, even life-changing vistas of the Earth in the vast blackness of space, as they sail along the frontiers of space. 
This important policy framework, will 
help pave the way for American leadership in space exploration, create new opportunities for American businesses, and will help har-ness the tremendous potential of our space 
exploration industry. We anticipate signifi-cant job growth and the advent of a whole new support industry in the months and years ahead. 
Thank you in advance for your support and 
ongoing leadership to bring this bill to fru-ition, and for your continued service to our nation. 
Sincerely, 
J
ANEPOYNTER , 
CEO, World View Enterprises. 
MOONEXPRESS , 
Cape Canaveral, FL, November 16th, 2015. 
Chairman L AMAR SMITH, 
House Science Committee, Washington, DC. Ranking Member E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
House Science Committee, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH AND RANKING MEM-
BER JOHNSON : Moon Express applauds the 
House and Senate negotiators for the tre-mendous work and effort put into crafting the bipartisan, bicameral ‘‘U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act’’ (CSLCA, or H.R. 2262 as amended). This new legislation sets the stage for the continued growth and expansion of the commercial space industry, and incentivizes further in-vestments in innovation and the develop-ment of spaceflight capabilities that will benefit all Americans. 
Moon Express wishes to focus particular 
praise on the House and Senate negotiators for Title IV of CSLCA, the ‘‘Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act of 2015’’, that provides the first ever codification of rights under United States law for the pri-vate sector extraction and utilization of space resources obtained from a celestial body. This landmark legislation provides a unified vision for the growth of the private sector space resources industry and will help spur new investments into this bold new field that’s vital to America’s future com-petitiveness, prosperity and security. 
Moon Express, Bigelow Aerospace, and 
many other companies are applauding the Senate for supporting the creation of a sta-ble and predictable environment for private sector development while encouraging in-vestments into the bold new field of outer space resource exploration and utilization. This legislation protects and supports U.S. interests as private sector companies expand the economic sphere of Earth to the Moon and beyond. 
The opportunities for the private sector to 
explore and utilize space resources are sub-stantial, and Moon Express welcomes the CSLCA and particularly the landmark legis-lation of its Title IV ‘‘Space Resource Explo-ration and Utilization Act of 2015’’ that rec-ognizes and promotes the rights of United States companies to engage in the explo-ration and extraction of space resources from the Moon and other celestial bodies. 
For these reasons, and many more, Moon 
Express calls on Congress to quickly pass H.R. 2262 as amended, the bipartisan bill that will ensure that America remains the leader in space. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT (BOB) RICHARDS , 
Founder and CEO. 
PLANETARY RESOURCES APPLAUDS U.S. C ON-
GRESS IN RECOGNIZING ASTEROID RESOURCE  
PROPERTY RIGHTS  
REDMOND , WASH.—November 10, 2015—Plan-
etary Resources, Inc., the asteroid mining company, praises the members of Congress who promoted historic legislation (H.R. 2262) that recognizes the right of U.S. citizens to own asteroid resources they obtain as prop-erty and encourages the commercial explo-ration and recovery of resources from aster-oids, free from harmful interference. This legislation creates a pro-growth envi-
ronment for the development of the commer-cial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and ensuring a more sta-ble and predictable regulatory regime. This law is important for the industry and is inte-gral to protecting and supporting U.S. inter-ests as the commercial space sector con-tinues to expand. 
‘‘We are proud to have the support of Con-
gress. Throughout history, governments have spurred growth in new frontiers by in-
stituting sensible legislation. Long ago, The Homestead Act of 1862 advocated for the search for gold and timber, and today, H.R. 2262 fuels a new economy that will open many avenues for the continual growth and prosperity of humanity. This off-planet econ-omy will forever change our lives for the bet-ter here on Earth,’’ said Chris Lewicki, President and Chief Engineer, Planetary Re-sources, Inc. 
‘‘Planetary Resources is grateful for the 
leadership shown by Congress in crafting this legislation and looks forward to Presi-dent Obama signing the language into law. We applaud the members of Congress who have led this effort and actively sought stakeholder input to ensure a vibrant econ-omy and prosperous way of life now and for centuries to come. Patty Murray (D–WA), Kevin McCarthy (R–CA), Lamar Smith (R– TX), Bill Posey (R–FL) and Derek Kilmer (D– WA) have been unwavering in their support and leadership for the growth of the U.S. economy into the Solar System. Their for-ward-looking stance and active role in ena-bling the development of an economically and strategically valuable new marketplace will ensure our country’s continued leader-ship in space,’’ said Peter Marquez, Vice President of Global Engagement, Planetary Resources, Inc. 
Senator Murray said, ‘‘I am glad that 
we’ve taken this important step forward to update our federal policies to make sure they work for innovative businesses creating jobs in Washington state. Washington state leads in so many ways, and I’m proud that local businesses are once again at the forefront of new industries that will help our economy continue to grow.’’ 
Congressman Posey said, ‘‘This bipartisan, 
bicameral legislation is a landmark for American leadership in space exploration. Recognizing basic legal protections in space will help pave the way for exciting future commercial space endeavors. Asteroids and other objects in space are excellent potential sources of rare minerals and other resources that can be used to manufacture a wide range of products here on Earth and to sup-port future space exploration missions. Americans willing to invest in space mining operations need legal certainty that they can keep the fruits of their labor, and this bill provides that certainty.’’ 
Congressman Kilmer said, ‘‘The commer-
cial space industry in Washington state is leading the way in developing the cutting edge technology necessary to support human space exploration. The U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness Act will give these ventures the framework they need to continue to innovate, and to keep the United States at the head of this growing, global in-dustry. I congratulate the Senate for taking this step, and I look forward to the House quickly sending this bill to President Obama’s desk.’’ 
Eric Anderson, Co-Founder and Co-Chair-
man, Planetary Resources, Inc., said, ‘‘Many years from now, we will view this pivotal moment in time as a major step toward hu-manity becoming a multi-planetary species. This legislation establishes the same sup-portive framework that created the great economies of history, and it will foster the sustained development of space.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.074 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8196 November 16, 2015 
NEWLEGISLATION ENABLES COMMERCIAL EX-
PLORATION AND USE OF SPACE RESOURCES — 
DEEP SPACE INDUSTRIES CONGRATULATES  
U.S. C ONGRESS ON LANDMARK LEGISLATION  
MOFFETT FIELD, CA—Deep Space Indus-
tries (DSI) congratulates the members of the United States Senate for passing legislation that significantly advances the cause of opening space resources to humanity. Title IV of S. 1297, also referred to as the U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitive Act of 2015, promotes the right of U.S. citizens to engage in commercial exploration for, and commercial recovery of, space resources in accordance with international obligations and subject to supervision by the U.S. gov-ernment. 
‘‘We are pleased to see the beginnings of 
legal clarity in the field of space resource utilization,’’ said Rick Tumlinson, Chair of Deep Space Industries. ‘‘This bill is a his-toric step forward and demonstrates that Congress can effectively and quickly pass legislation that is important to the coun-try’s economic future. The hardworking leg-islators and their staff on Capitol Hill are to be commended.’’ 
Title IV will spur an influx of capital into 
the industry and encourage entities to fur-ther develop plans and technologies to ex-tract minerals from the vast numbers of as-teroids and other resource-rich bodies in the solar system. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, title IV of 
this bill includes language from H.R. 1508, the Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act. I introduced this bipartisan, bicameral bill with my col-
league from the State of Washington, D
EREK KILMER , and with support from 
many members of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I appre-ciate the work and the research of Sen-ators P
ATTY MURRAY and M ARCO RUBIO 
to introduce identical legislation in the U.S. Senate. 
H.R. 1508 provides legal clarity that 
if a company mines resources from an asteroid in outer space, it has the right of ownership to those resources. It does so consistent with U.S. international obligations. 
The right to explore and use outer 
space is found in article I of the Outer Space Treaty. Article VI of the Outer Space Treaty explicitly recognizes that nongovernmental entities, such as pri-vate corporations, may explore and use outer space, including the right to re-move, take possession, and use in situ natural resources from celestial bodies. 
In drafting and negotiating title IV, 
there was a challenge in determining the best language to use to recognize this right. The term ‘‘obtain’’ was ulti-mately chosen because it was tech-nically and politically neutral. It is our intention that only through actually physically recovering a resource does a company have the right of ownership of those resources. 
In short, Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Com-
mercial Space Launch Competitive Act is a critical piece of legislation to the future of our commercial space indus-try and space exploration efforts. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues 
again for their work on this bill, and I urge passage of this important legisla-tion. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to remind 
our colleagues because this is really important legislation moving forward, and I think that as the ranking mem-
ber, Ms. J
OHNSON , has indicated and as 
I have, that it is not for lack of con-cern and support of the commercial space industry and sector that we raise concerns. This is an industry that is growing by leaps and bounds, that em-ploys thousands of workers all across this country, and that is at the hub of entrepreneurship, research, and explo-ration. 
It really is the 21st century future. It 
is really a question of what the rules of the game are going to be going for-ward, how to best protect the interests of taxpayers, how to protect the inter-ests of the industry, and to see it grow in a healthy way. So I would hope that the majority would take into consider-ation some of the concerns that have been expressed and let’s use an oppor-tunity over these next several months and years to make sure that we get it right for the industry that is a part of our future. 
I would note that, even with the res-
ervations that have been expressed, we pointed out a number of areas where there is strength in this legislation, but we haven’t gotten it all right. I would also remind the majority that, with respect to mining of asteroids, we are not doing that tomorrow, so all the more reason we should pay attention to the international treaties of which we are a part and to the needs and con-cerns of our international partners as we move forward; that is, we don’t have to rush to judgment where it con-cerns mining asteroids, as we are not doing that tomorrow. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I would close by 
just saying that I believe that there is a great future in this industry, and I am excited about it. But I also know that we have to balance a lot of our in-terests to make sure that we pay at-tention, again, to safety and that we do it in the right kind of way. 
As I began, I applaud the gentle-
woman from Texas for making sure that the points of concern are on the record. I do not intend to oppose the bill, and I hope that we can move for-ward in the future to make sure that we really can provide for the kind of strength that the industry needs. 
I want to take an opportunity to 
thank the staff: Pam Whitney of our Space Subcommittee, who has put in tireless work on this bill; Allen Li; Russell Norman and John Piazza, our counsel. Dick Obermann, our chief of staff on the committee, has put in tire-less hours to try to get it right. I think for all of those who are part of the commercial space industry, we want you to go forward, we want you to suc-ceed, and we want to make sure that the American public, that the Amer-ican taxpayer, gets the benefit of the bargain. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, today 
America stands at the beginning of a new era of innovation and adventure. 
Scientists, engineers, astronauts, and entrepreneurs are working in the deserts of California to embark on the next phase of our journey into space, and today we have the opportunity to aid them in that journey. Completing 
consideration of the SPACE Act in this Chamber today will help ensure Amer-ica remains the leader in space explo-ration and innovation in the 21st cen-tury. 
Mr. Speaker, we are here today 
thanks to the hard work of Chairman S
MITH, his committee and their staff, 
especially Chris Wydler and Tom Ham-mond. I want to especially thank George Caram from my staff for his work as well. Because of their commit-ment after months of negotiations fol-lowing the House passage of the origi-nal bill earlier this year, the SPACE Act passed out of the Senate unani-mously. I look forward to the passage of this bill on the House floor today with similarly strong bipartisan sup-port, and I urge my colleagues to vote with me to move America into the fu-ture. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b1830 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 2262. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECRETARY OF 
THE SENATE TO MAKE A TECH-NICAL CORRECTION IN THE EN-ROLLMENT OF S. 1356 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concur-rent resolution (H. Con. Res. 90) direct-ing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the en-rollment of S. 1356, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. 
The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike the matter following the resolv-
ing clause and insert the fol-lowing: 
That in the enrollment of the bill S. 1356, the 
Secretary of the Senate shall make the following corrections: 
(1) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to 
authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.072 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8197 November 16, 2015 
(2) In the table of contents in section 2, in the 
item relating to section 1242, amend ‘‘Ukrainian Republic’’ so as to read ‘‘Ukraine’’. 
(3) In the table of contents for title XII before 
section 1201, in the item relating to section 1242, amend ‘‘Ukrainian Republic’’ so as to read ‘‘Ukraine’’. (4) In the section heading of section 1242, 
amend ‘‘
UKRAINIAN REPUBLIC ’’ so as to read 
‘‘UKRAINE ’’. 
(5) In section 1242, amend ‘‘the Ukrainian Re-
public’’ so as to read ‘‘Ukraine’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(1) and (b). (6) Strike section 4201 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, 
AND EVALUATION. 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................. 13,018 13 ,018
002 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... .......... 239,118 259,118
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ . [20,000]
003 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ...... 72,603 72,603
004 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS .................................................................... 100,34 0 100,340
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 425,079 445,079
APPLIED RESEARCH 
005 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............ 28,314 28,314
006 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................. 3 8,374 38,374
007 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ....................................................................................................... ........................ 6,879 6,879
008 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............... 56,884 56,884
009 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... .. 19,243 19,243
010 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ................ 45,053 53,053
A2/AD Anti-Ship Missile Study .................................................................................................. . [8,000]
011 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ... 29,428 29,428
012 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION .................................................................................. 27,862 27,862
013 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 68,839 68,8 39
014 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............. 92,801 92,801
015 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ............................................ 3,866 3,866016 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. .. 5,487 5,487
017 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 4 8,340 48,340
018 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ................................................................................ . 55,301 55,301
019 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ............ 33,807 33,807
020 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... .............. 25,068 25,068
021 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 23,68 1 23,681
022 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 20 ,850 20,850
023 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................ 36,160 36,160024 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 12, 656 12,656
025 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... .. 63,409 63,409
026 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 24,735 2 4,735
027 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. .......... 35,795 35,795
028 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ .............. 76,853 76,853
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 879,685 887,685
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
029 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... 46,973 46,973
030 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... .... 69,584 69,584
031 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .... 89,736 89,736
032 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. 57,663 57,66 3
033 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................ 113,071 113,071034 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 5,554  5,554
035 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................... 12,636 12,636037 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ...................................................................................................... ....................... 7,502 7,502
038 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS .......................................................... 17,425 17,4 25
039 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ...................................................................................................... ....................... 11,912 11,912
040 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 27,520 27,520041 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ...................................................................................................... ....................... 2,381 2,381
042 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ...................................................................................................... ....................... 2,431 2,431
043 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... .. 26,874 26,874
044 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 49,449  49,449
045 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 10,999 10,999
046 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............................................. 177,159 177,159047 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................. 13,993 13,993048 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. .. 5,105 5,105
049 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. . 40,929 40,929
050 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................ 10,727 10,727051 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. 20,145 20 ,145
052 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................ 38,163 38,163053 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........... 37,816 37,816
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
.......................................................... 895,747 895,747
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
054 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ...................................................................... 10,34 7 10,347
055 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................... .... 25,061 25,061
056 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ........................................................................ 49,636  49,636
057 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ................................................. 13,426 13,426058 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ............................................................................. 46, 749 46,749
060 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. .. 6,258 6,258
061 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV ................................................... 13,472 13,472062 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 7,292 7,2 92
063 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL .............................................................. 8,813 8,813
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8198 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
065 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... .. 6,075 6,075
067 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ................................................................... 21,233 21,233
068 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ........................................................................................... ......... 31,962 31,962
069 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 22,194 22,194
071 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES .......................................................................................... ........... 9,805 9,805
072 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................. 40,917 40,917
073 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ........................................................ 30,058 30, 058
074 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ....................... 155,361 155,361
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 498,659 498,659
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
076 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS ................................................................................................. ................... 12,939 12,939
078 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 18,843 18,843
079 0604280A JOINT TACTICAL RADIO .............................................................................................. ................. 9,861 9,861
080 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ................................................................ 8,763 8, 763
081 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ......... 4,309 4,309
082 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 15,138 15,138
083 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS .......................................................................................... ......... 74,128 80,628
Army requested realignment ..................................................................................................... .. [1,500]
Soldier Enhancement Program ................................................................................................... [ 5,000]
085 0604611A JAVELIN ........................................................................................................... ............................. 3,945 3,945
087 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... ................ 10,076 10,076
088 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ..................................................................... 40,374  40,374
089 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................... ....... 67,582 67,582
090 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ...................................................................... 1,763  1,763
091 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV .............................................................................. 2 7,155 27,155
092 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ....................................... 24,569 24,569093 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 23,364 23,36 4
094 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 8,960 8,960
095 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................... 9,138 9,138096 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ................................................................. 21,622 21,622
097 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ............................................................. 99,242 99 ,242
098 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... ... 21,379 21,379
099 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................................................................... 48,339 48,339
100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV .............................................. 2,726 2,726101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ..................... 45,412 45,412102 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ................................................................................ 55 ,215 55,215
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ....................................... 163,643 163,643105 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............... 12,309 12,309
106 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ........................................................ 15,700 15,7 00
107 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ .......................... 6,243 6,243
108 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ................................................................................... . 18,776 18,776
109 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ........... 1,953 1,953
110 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... 67,35 8 67,358
111 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................... 136,011 121,01 1
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ ...... [–15,000]
112 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ........................................................................... 230 ,210 230,210
113 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) .............................................................................. . 13,357 13,357
114 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ......... 18,055 18,055
115 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ....................... 5,677 5,677
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .................................................................. 77,570 10 1,570
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ............................................ [24,000]
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... 1 8,112 78,112
Apache Survivability Enhancements—Army Unfunded Requirement ............................................ [60,000]
118 0605350A WIN-T INCREMENT 3—FULL NETWORKING ................................................................................. 39,700 39,700
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ............................................................................ 12,987 12,987
120 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ..... 88,866 74,966
EMD contract delays ............................................................................................................ ..... [–13,900]
121 0605456A PAC–3/MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................. ..................... 2,272 2,272
122 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ........................................................ 214,099 214 ,099
123 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE ............................................................................................. ........... 49,247 39,247
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... .... [–10,000]
124 0605626A AERIAL COMMON SENSOR .............................................................................................. ............. 2 2
125 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) .......................................................................... 1 0,599 10,599
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH.32,486 32,486
127 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................ 8 ,880 8,880
128 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ............................................................................. 15 2,288 152,288
129 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ....................... 5,022 5,022
130 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 12,686 12,686
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 2,068,950 2,120,550
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
131 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 20,035 20,035
132 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ...... 16,684 16,684
133 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .............. 62,580 62,580
134 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............... 20,853 20,853
135 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............. 205,145 205,145
136 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ................................................................................. 1 9,430 19,430
138 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... ..... 277,646 277,646
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8199 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
139 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS .................................................... 51,550 51,550
140 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. .... 33,246 33,246
141 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ .............. 4,760 4,760
142 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ............................................................... 8,303 8,3 03
143 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... .......... 20,403 20,403
144 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... ...... 10,396 10,396
145 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... .... 49,337 49,337
146 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ........... 52,694 52,694
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ..................................................... 938 938148 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ............ 60,319 60,319
149 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. ... 28,478 28,478
150 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY .............................................. 32,604 24,604
Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ....... [–8,000]
151 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT .................................................... 3,186 3,186152 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............. 48,955 48,955
SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .......................................................................... 1,027,542 1,019,542
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
154 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................... 18, 397 18,397
155 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ...................... 9,461 9,461
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ......................................... 4,945 4,945157 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... .................... 7,569 7,569
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........................................................................... 69,86 2 69,862
159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................. 66,653 66,6 53
160 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........................................................................ 37,407 37,407
161 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................... 1,151 1, 151
162 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................... . 51,164 51,164
163 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE .................................................................................... ... 2,481 2,481
164 0607141A LOGISTICS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. .............. 1,673 1,673
166 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ............... 13,237 13,237
167 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... .... 105,816 105,816
169 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ........................................................................ 40,56 5 40,565
171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ............................. 35,719 35,719172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ......................................................................... 257,16 7 354,167
Stryker Lethality Upgrades ..................................................................................................... ... [97,000]
173 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ......... 15,445 15,445
175 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................... 364 364176 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ......................... 4,361 4,361
177 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 3,154 3,154178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................ 35,951 35,95 1
179 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ...................... 34,686 34,686
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV .................................................... 10,750 10,750181 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... .... 402 402
183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ......................................................... 64,159 64, 159
184 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ........................................................... 17,527 17,5 27
185 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ....... 20,515 20,515
187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. . 12,368 12,368
188 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 31,1 54 31,154
189 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .... 12,274 12,274
190 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ................................................................................. 9,355 9,355
191 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .............................................................. 7,053 7,053193 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ... 750 750
194 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. 13,225 13,225
195 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... .. 22,870 22,870
196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .............................................................. 25,592 25,5 92
199 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................. 7,297 7,297
201 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ............................................................................. 3 ,800 3,800
202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ................................................................ 48,442 48,442
202A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................... 4,536 4,536
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 1,129,297 1,226,297
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ................................................ 6,924,959 7,093,559
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ...... 116,196 125,196
Defense University Research Instumentation Program increase .................................................... [9,000]
002 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................. 19,126 19 ,126
003 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... .......... 451,606 479,106
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ . [27,500]
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 586,928 623,428
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. 68,723 68,723
005 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................. 154,963 154,963
006 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 49,00 1 49,001
007 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... . 42,551 42,551
008 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................... 45,056 45,056
009 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................. 115,051 115,051
010 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................... 42,252 62,252
Service Life Extension for the AGOR Ship ................................................................................... [20, 000]
011 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................. 6,119 6, 119
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8200 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
012 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ 1 23,750 142,350
Accelerate undersea warfare research ......................................................................................... [1 8,600]
013 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ 179,686 179,686
014 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................... 37,418 37,418
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 864,570 903,170
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
015 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 37,093  37,093
016 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 38,044  38,044
017 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................ 34,899 34,899018 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ........................................................ 137,562 137,56 2
019 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................. 12,745 12,745020 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................ 258,860 258,860021 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .............................................................................. 57,0 74 57,074
022 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. 4,807 4,807023 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 13,748 1 3,748
024 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................. 66,041 66,041025 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 1,991 1,991
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 662,864 662,864
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
026 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS ................................................................................... ..... 41,832 41,832
027 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................ .............. 5,404 5,404
028 0603237N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL ........................................................................ 3,086 3,086
029 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................... 11,643 11,643
030 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................... ......... 5,555 5,555
031 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE .................................................................................. . 3,087 3,087
032 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ 1,63 6 1,636
033 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ................................................... 118,588 113,588
LDUUV development growth ...................................................................................................... [ –5,000]
034 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ...................................................................................... ...... 77,385 77,385
035 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ..... 8,348 8,348
036 0603525N PILOT FISH ........................................................................................................ ........................... 123,246 123,246
037 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ..................................................................................................... ..................... 28,819 28,819
038 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER ................................................................................................... .................... 112,678 112,678
039 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL .............................................................................................. ............. 710 710
040 0603553N SURFACE ASW ....................................................................................................... ........................ 1,096 1,096
041 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... 87,160 9 3,360
Accelerate unmanned underwater vehicle development ................................................................ [10,000]Universal launch and recovery module unfunded outyear tail ..................................................... [–3,800]
042 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS .............................................................................. 10 ,371 10,371
043 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ...................................................................................... ....... 11,888 11,888
044 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES .............................................................. 4,332 4 ,332
045 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .................................................................................... . 482,040 482,040
046 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ............................................................................. 25, 904 25,904
047 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ....................................................................................................... ........................ 511,802 511,802
048 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ........................................................................................ ........... 118,416 118,416
049 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ......................................................................................... ........ 35,901 35,901
050 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT .................................................................................................. ................. 971,393 971,393
051 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ............................................................................................... ................ 206,149 206,149
052 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) ................................................................................. ... 8,000 8,000
053 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ ........... 7,678 7,678
054 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ..................................................................................... ...... 219,082 219,082
055 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................... 623 623056 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 18,260 18,26 0
057 0603658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................ .......... 76,247 76,247
058 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ 4,520 4,52 0
059 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION .......................................................................................... ........ 20,711 20,711
060 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ............. 47,761 47,761
061 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................ ............. 5,226 5,226
062 0603734N CHALK CORAL ....................................................................................................... ....................... 182,771 182,771
063 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ........................................................................................
......... 3,866 3,866
064 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ..................................................................................................... ..................... 360,065 360,065
065 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ..................................................................................................... ...................... 237,416 237,416
066 0603751N RETRACT ELM ....................................................................................................... ....................... 37,944 37,944
067 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN .................................................................................................... ..................... 47,312 47,312
068 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES ................................................................................................. ................... 17,408 17,408
069 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... .. 9,359 9,359
070 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ .......... 887 887
071 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING .................................................................................. ... 29,448 29,448
072 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL .......................................... 91,479 91,479073 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ............................................................ 67,360 67,3 60
074 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ....................................... 48,105 127,205
Full ship shock trials for CVN–78 .............................................................................................. . [79,100]
075 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ................................................................................... ... 20,089 20,089
076 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ............................. 18,969 18,969077 0604279N ASE SELF-PROTECTION OPTIMIZATION .................................................................................. ... 7,874 7,874
078 0604292N MH-XX ............................................................................................................. .............................. 5,298 5,298
079 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................ ................................ 46,486 75,486
LX(R) Acceleration ............................................................................................................. ....... [29,000]
080 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE (JCREW) ......................... 3,817 3,817081 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ........................................................ 9,595 9,595
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8201 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
082 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ............ 29,581 25,246
Maritime concept generation and development growth ................................................................. [–4,335]
083 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ............................................. 285,849 285,849084 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH.36,656 36,656
085 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ....................................................................................... .... 9,835 9,835
086 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................................................... 580 5 80
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 5,024,626 5,129,591
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
087 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... ........... 21,708 21,708
088 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ .......... 11,101 11,101
089 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ ............ 39,878 39,878
090 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. .......... 53,059 53,059
091 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 21,358 21,358092 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... ... 4,515 4,515
093 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ........ 1,514 1,514
094 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ........... 5,875 5,875
095 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ......... 81,553 81,553
096 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. ................ 272,149 264,149
Cost growth .................................................................................................................... ........... [–8,000]
097 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ........................ 27,235 27,235
098 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... ............ 35,763 35,763
099 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. ................................ 87,918 87,918
100 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ..... 12,679 12,679
101 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ................................. 56,921 56,921
102 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 23,685 23,685
103 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ...... 507,093 507,093
104 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ....... 411,767 403,767
Contract delays ................................................................................................................ ......... [–8,000]
105 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) .............................................................. 25,071 2 5,071
106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING .......................................................... 443,433 421,1 33
Aegis development support growth .............................................................................................. [ –22,300]
107 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ..... 747 747
108 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... .......... 97,002 84,644
F–18 integration contract delay ................................................................................................ .. [–12,358]
109 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... .... 129,649 129,649
110 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ...................... 11,647 11,647
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) FOR AVIATION .. 2,778 2,778112 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ....................... 23,695 23,695113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) SYS-
TEM.134,708 484,708
Competitive air vehicle risk reduction activities ........................................................................... [30 0,000]
Government and industry source selection preparation ................................................................ [50,000]
114 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... .... 43,914 43,914
115 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ... 109,908 109,908
116 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ........................ 57,928 57,928
117 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ......... 120,217 120,217
118 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ................................................................ 241,754  241,754
119 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ...................... 122,556 122,556
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ................................................................................ 4 8,213 60,213
Accelerate submarine combat and weapon system modernization .................................................. [12,000]
121 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... .... 49,712 49,712
122 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................. 4,096 4,096
123 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... ...... 167,719 167,719
124 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ................. 15,122 15,122
125 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 3 3,738 33,738
126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 8,123 8,123127 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ................................................. 7,686 7,686128 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ..... 405 405
129 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) ..............................................................................
. 153,836 153,836
130 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. .. 99,619 99,619
131 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) .......................................................................... 116,798 116,798
132 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ........... 4,353 4,353
133 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............. 9,443 9,443
134 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ................ 32,469 32,469
135 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ........ 537,901 537,901
136 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ........ 504,736 504,736
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS .................................. 59,265 20,800
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ......... [–38,465]
138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY .................................................. 47,579 21,244
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ......... [–26,335]
139 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... 5,914  5,914
140 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... 89,71 1 89,711
141 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... .......................... 632,092 632,092
142 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ......... 7,778 7,778
143 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ..... 25,898 25,898
144 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ........................................................................... 24 7,929 247,929
145 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... .............................. 103,199 103,199
146 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ....................................................................................... .... 998 998
147 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ...... 17,785 17,785
148 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ...................................................................................... ...... 35,905 35,905
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8202 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 6,308,800 6,555,342
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
149 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 30,769 30,769
150 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ...... 112,606 112,606
151 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .............. 61,234 61,234
152 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION .................................................. 6,995 6,995153 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ................................................................................. 4,011 4,011
154 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ......... 48,563 48,563
155 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ........... 5,000 5,000
157 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... .... 925 925
158 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ....................................................... 78,143 78,143159 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ....... 3,258 3,258
160 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT .................................................................. 76,948 76 ,948
161 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... .... 132,122 132,122
162 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ....... 351,912 351,912
163 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ............................................................... 17,985 17 ,985
164 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ...................................................... 5,316 5,316165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ..................................................................... 6,519 6,519
166 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ................................................................................ 1 3,649 13,649
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 955,955 955,955
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
174 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ........................................................................ 107, 039 107,039
175 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. 46,506 46,506
176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 3,900 4, 700
Accelerate combat rapid attack weapon ...................................................................................... [800 ]
177 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... ... 16,569 16,569
178 0203761N RAPID TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION (RTT) ................................................................................. ... 18,632 11,132
TIPS program growth ............................................................................................................ .... [–7,500]
179 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ..................... 133,265 133,265
181 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) .............................................................................. 6 2,867 51,067
Joint aerial layer network growth .............................................................................................. . [–11,800]
182 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................... 36,045 36,045
183 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ....................................... 25,228 25,228184 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... ... 54,218 54,218
185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ........................................ 11,335 11,335186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ........................................................................ 80, 129 65,629
Block II test assets early to need ............................................................................................. ... [–14,500]
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 39,087 39, 087
188 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ........ 1,915 1,915
189 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT .................................................................. 46,609 46,609
190 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 52,708 16,164
AARGM extended range program growth .................................................................................... [–36,544 ]
191 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ................. 149,997 149,997
192 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ........................................................................ 24,46 0 24,460
193 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ......................... 42,206 47,706
Accelerate torpedo upgrades .................................................................................................... ... [5,500]
194 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ............ 117,759 117,759
195 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 10 1,323 101,323
196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 67, 763 67,763
197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ............................................. 13,431 13,431198 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ............................................ 56,769 48,669
Project delays ................................................................................................................. ........... [–8,100]
199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ........................................................................... 20, 729 20,729
200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ................................................ 13,152 13,152201 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ........ 48,535 48,535
202 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ................ 76,016 76,016
203 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) .................................................. 32,172 32,172208 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. ... 53,239 53,239
209 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ..................................... 21,677 21,677210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 28,1 02 28,102
211 0303150M WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .............................................................. 294 294
213 0305160N NAVY METEOROLOGICAL AND OCEAN SENSORS-SPACE (METOC) ............................................ 599 599214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ........................................................... 6,207 6,2 07
215 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. 8,550 8,550
216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ............................................................................ 41 ,831 41,831
217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .............................................................. 1,105 1,105218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .............................................................. 33,149 33,1 49
219 0305220N RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................. 227,188 227,188
220 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................ 52,770 52,770
221 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................ 635 635
222 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................. 688 688
223 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ ... 4,647 4,647
224 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................... 6,435 6,435
225 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 49,14 5 49,145
226 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) .............................................................. 9,246 9, 246
227 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ................. 150,854 150,854
228 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... .. 4,757 4,757
229 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ .......... 24,185 24,185
231 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... ... 4,321 4,321
231A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................... 1,252,185 1,252,185
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8203 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 3,482,173 3,410,029
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ................................................ 17,885,916 18,240,379
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... .......... 329,721 352,221
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ . [22,500]
002 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ...... 141,754 141,754
003 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES .......................................................................... 13 ,778 13,778
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 485,253 507,753
APPLIED RESEARCH 
004 0602102F MATERIALS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 125,234 125,234
005 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................... ... 123,438 123,438
006 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................................... 100 ,530 100,530
007 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION .............................................................................................. ............. 182,326 182,326
008 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................. .................. 147,291 147,291
009 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. .................. 116,122 116,122
010 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................ ........... 99,851 99,851
011 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ...... 115,604 115,604
012 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ............................................................... 164,909 16 4,909
013 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ........................................................................................ ........ 42,037 42,037
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 1,217,342 1,217,342
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
014 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ....................................................................... 37,665  47,665
Metals Affordability Initiative ................................................................................................ .... [10,000]
015 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ..................................................................... 18,37 8 18,378
016 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ........................................................................................ ....... 42,183 42,183
017 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ..................................................................................... .. 100,733 100,733
018 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 168,821 168 ,821
019 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ... 47,032 47,032
020 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... 54,897 54,897
021 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) ............................................................................ 1 2,853 12,853
022 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................... 25,448 25,448023 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 4 8,536 48,536
024 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ... 30,195 30,195
025 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .............................................................................. 42,6 30 52,630
Maturation of advanced manufacturing for low-cost sustainment ................................................ [10,000]
026 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ...................................... 46,414 46,414
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 675,785 695,785
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
027 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... 5, 032 5,032
029 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ........ 4,070 4,070
030 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 21,790 21,790
031 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... .. 4,736 4,736
033 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................... 3 0,771 30,771
034 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ................................................................ 39,765 3 9,765
036 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE ................................................................................................. .................. 1,246,228 556,228
Delayed EMD contract award .................................................................................................... [ –690,000]
037 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ............................................................................................... ............. 3,512 8,512
Technology transfer program increase ........................................................................................ [5, 000]
038 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ......................... 54,637 54,637040 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON .......................................................................................... ........ 76,108 51,108
Unjustified increase and analysis of alternatives ......................................................................... [–25, 000]
044 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE .................................................................................... .... 6,457 19,957
SSA, Weather, or Launch Activities ............................................................................................ [
13,500]
045 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ........................................................................................... ........... 246,514 246,514
046 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT .................................................................................. 75,166 75,166
049 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ..................................................................................... .... 8,830 8,830
050 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) .............................................................. 14,939 14 ,939
051 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) .................................. 142,288 142,288052 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 81,732 96, 732
Increase USCC Cyber Operations Technology Development .......................................................... [15,000]
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 2,062,575 1,381,075
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
055 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 929 929
056 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ................................................................................. 60,256 60,256
057 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................... ....... 5,973 5,973
058 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ..................................................................................... ... 32,624 32,624
059 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............. 24,208 24,208
060 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. . 32,374 32,374
061 0604426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ......................... 243,909 243,909
062 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ........................................................................................ ....... 8,358 8,358
063 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ............................................................... 292,235  292,235
064 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... 4 0,154 40,154
065 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ...................................................................................................... ...................... 2,506 2,506
066 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT .............................................................................................. .............. 57,678 57,678
067 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ................ 8,187 8,187
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8204 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
068 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................ ............ 15,795 15,795
069 0604800F F–35—EMD .......................................................................................................... ........................... 589,441 589,441
071 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD .................................... 84,438 184,438
EELV Program—Rocket Propulsion System Development ............................................................. [100,000]
072 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ........................................................................................ ...... 36,643 16,143
Contract delay ................................................................................................................. .......... [–20,500]
073 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... .......... 142,551 142,551
074 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B ................................................................................. .... 140,640 140,640
075 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 3,598 3,5 98
076 0605221F KC–46 ............................................................................................................. ................................ 602,364 402,364
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–200,000]
077 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ........................................................................................... ............ 11,395 11,395
078 0605229F CSAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ....................................................................................... .......... 156,085 156,085
080 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .... 228,230 228,230
081 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... ............ 72,084 72,084
082 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .... 56,343 52,343
Excess to need ................................................................................................................. .......... [–4,000]
083 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E ................................................................................. ....... 47,629 47,629
084 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... .. 271,961 271,961
085 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... .. 212,121 212,121
086 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... .......................... 186,481 186,481
087 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ....... 18,082 18,082
088 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... . 993 993
089 0307581F NEXTGEN JSTARS .................................................................................................... ..................... 44,343 44,343
091 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ....................................................................... 102, 620 102,620
092 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ........... 14,563 14,563
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 3,847,791 3,723,291
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
093 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 23,844 23,844
094 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. .............. 68,302 73,302
Airborne Sensor Data Correlation Project ................................................................................... [5,0 00]
095 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ............. 34,918 34,918
097 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ............................................................................ 1 0,476 10,476
098 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ....... 673,908 673,908
099 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ......................................................................... 21,8 58 21,858
100 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ............. 28,228 28,228
101 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ........ 40,518 40,518102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ............................................... 27,895 27,895103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION .......................................................................... 16,5 07 16,507
104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 18,997 1 8,997
106 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ..................................................... 185,305 176, 727
Excess to need ................................................................................................................. .......... [–8,578]
107 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. .. 4,841 4,841
108 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .............................................................................. 15 ,357 15,357
109 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ .............. 1,315 1,315
111 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ............ 2,315 2,315
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 1,174,584 1,171,006
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
112 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ................................ 350,232 350,232113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ................................................................. 10,465 1 0,465
114 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ ............ 24,577 24,577
117 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ....................................................... 69,694 10,6 94
Forward financing, excluding funding for audit readiness ........................................................... [–59,000]
118 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ................................................................... 26,718 2 6,718
119 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ................ 10,807 10,807
121 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ...................... 74,520 74,520
122 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ ... 451 451
123 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ..................... 2,245 2,245
124 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ...................... 108,183 108,183
125 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ............. 178,929 178,929
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM ........................................................................ 28,481  28,481
127 0101314F NIGHT FIST—USSTRATCOM ............................................................................................. ............ 87 87
128 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................. 5,315 5,3 15
131 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 8,090 8,09 0
132 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................ 123,439 123,439
134 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ...................... 16,200
A–10 restoration: operational flight program development ............................................................ [16,200]
135 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ...................... 148,297 198,297
AESA Radar Integration ......................................................................................................... ... [50,000]
136 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ..................... 179,283 192,079
Transfer from procurement ...................................................................................................... ... [12,796]
137 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... ... 14,860 14,860
138 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ..................... 262,552 262,552
139 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ...................... 115,395 53,921
Program delay .................................................................................................................. ......... [–61,474]
140 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ................ 43,360 43,360
141 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) .................................................. 46,160 46,160143 0207224F COMBAT RESCUE AND RECOVERY ........................................................................................ ...... 412 412
144 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ...... 657 657
145 0207247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ........................... 31,428 31,428
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8205 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT .......................................................................... 1,10 5 1,105
147 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ....................... 14,249 14,249
148 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................... 103,942 103,942149 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ............................................................... 12,793  12,793
150 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... ... 21,193 21,193
151 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ................................................................................ . 559 559
152 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ............................................................. 161,812 16 1,812
153 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 6,001 6,001
155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES .................................................................... 7,793  7,793
156 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... .... 12,465 12,465
157 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... .............. 1,681 1,681
159 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................. 16,796 16,796
161 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ .......................... 21,564 21,564
162 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... ..... 24,994 24,994
163 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS .................................................................................. 6,035 6,035
164 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ .. 4,358 4,358
165 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ............ 55,835 55,835
167 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ 12,874 12,874
168 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ 7,681 7,681
171 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ................................................................ 5,974 5, 974
177 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... ...... 13,815 13,815
178 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ........................................................ 80,360 80,3 60
179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ................................................................... 3,907 3,907
180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) .......................... 75,062 75,062181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 46,5 99 46,599
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ................................................................... 2,470 2, 470
186 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ .......... 112,775 112,775
189 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ........................................................................... 4,2 35 4,235
192 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. . 7,879 5,879
Unjustified increase in systems engineering ................................................................................. [–2 ,000]
193 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................... 29,955 29,955
194 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) .................................. 21,485 21,485195 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ..................... 2,515 2,515
198 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. . 472 472
199 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ....................................................................................... .... 12,137 12,137
200 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 361 361203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................. 3,162 3,1 62
204 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................... 1,543 1,543205 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ... 7,860 7,860
206 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ....... 6,902 6,902
207 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ .......................... 34,471 34,471
209 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... .. 50,154 60,154
Wide Area Surveillance Capability ............................................................................................. [ 10,000]
210 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ... 13,245 13,245
211 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .............................................................. 22,784 22,7 84
212 0305219F MQ–1 PREDATOR A UAV ............................................................................................... ................ 716 716
213 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................. 208,053 203,053
Program delays ................................................................................................................. ......... [–5,000]
214 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ................................................................... 21,587 2 1,587
215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .................................................................. 43,986 43,986
216 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ............................ 197,486 138,400
Transfer to Procurement for NATO AWACS ................................................................................ [–59,086]
217 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ......... 28,434 28,434
218 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ................. 180,902 180,902
220 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ................. 81,911 81,911
221 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... ............. 3,149 3,149
222 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ...... 14,447 14,447
223 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ............................................................................ 20 ,077 20,077
225 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ ......... 853 853
226 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ................ 33,962 33,962
227 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ .............. 42,864 22,864
Forward financing .............................................................................................................. ....... [–20,000]
228 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ....................... 54,807 54,807
229 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ....................... 31,010 31,010
230 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ................................................................ 6,802 6, 802
231 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ................................ 1,799 1,799
232 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ....... 48,453 48,453
233 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ................................. 36,576 36,576
235 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. .... 7,963 7,963
236 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ .......... 1,525 1,525
237 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ..................................................................... 112,6 76 68,400
Program growth ................................................................................................................. ........ [–44,276]
238 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ..... 12,657 12,657
239 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. .............. 1,836 1,836
240 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ......... 121 121
241 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... .. 5,911 5,911
242 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... .... 3,604 3,604
243 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ......... 4,598 4,598
244 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ............................................................................ 1 ,103 1,103
246 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................... 101,840 101,840
246A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................... 12,780,142 12,780,142
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 17,010,339 16,848,499
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8206 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ..................................................... 26,473,669 25,544,751
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
001 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ................................................................................... ........ 38,436 38,436
002 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ......................................................................................... .......... 333,119 333,119
003 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ...................................................................................... .............. 42,022 42,022
004 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ................................................................ 56,544 5 6,544
005 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ............................................................................. 4 9,453 54,453
STEM program increase .......................................................................................................... ... [5,000]
006 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS .................. 25,834 35,834
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ........ [10,000]
007 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................... 46,261  46,261
SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 591,669 606,669
APPLIED RESEARCH 
008 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... .......... 19,352 19,352
009 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ........... 114,262 114,262
010 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM .......................................................................... 51, 026 51,026
011 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ........................................ 48,226 48,226012 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. 356,358 3 56,358
014 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ........................................................................................ ....... 29,265 29,265
015 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................... 208,11 1 208,111
016 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ............. 13,727 13,727
018 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... .............. 314,582 309,582
Multi-azimuth defense fast intercept round engagement system .................................................... [–5,000]
019 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ 220 ,115 201,721
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–18,394]
020 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........... 174,798 174,798
021 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES ................................................... 155,415 155,415022 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................. 8,824 8,824023 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ...... 37,517 37,517
SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................................. 1,751,578 1,728,184
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
024 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ 2 5,915 25,915
026 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................... 71,171  111,171
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ........ [40,000]
027 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ..................................................................................... ......... 21,782 21,782
028 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION AND DEFEAT ........ 290,654 290,654030 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ....................................................... 12,139 12,139031 0603177C DISCRIMINATION SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. . 28,200 28,200
032 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ .............. 45,389 7,367
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ........................................................................... [–26,055]Move to support Multiple Object Kill Vehicle .............................................................................. [–11, 967]
033 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR .................................................................................................... ...................... 9,876 9,876
034 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH ................................................................................................. ................ 17,364 17,364
035 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 18,802 18,802036 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER CAPABILITY ............... 2,679 2,679037 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 6 4,708 51,458
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........ [–13,250]
038 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ...... 185,043 185,043
039 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... .. 126,692 126,692
040 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................ ................. 14,645 14,645
041 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ................................................................. 59,830  49,830
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–10,000]
042 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... .. 46,753 7,195
MOKV Concept Development ..................................................................................................... [– 39,558]
043 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................... 140,094 140,094044 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH ................................................................................................... ....................... 118,666 108,666
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–10,000]
045 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 43 ,966 23,966
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–20,000]
046 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .............................................................. 141,540 116,540
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–25,000]
047 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ....................................................................... 6,98 0 6,980
050 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................ 157,056 142,056
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........ [–15,000]
051 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 33,515 41,01 5
Efforts to counter-ISIL and Russian aggression .......................................................................... [7,500]
052 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................... 16,543 16,543053 0603713S DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY .............................................. 29,888 29,888054 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ................................................................ 65,836 6 5,836
055 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ........................................ 79,037 89,037
Trusted Source Implementation for Field Programmable Gate Arrays Study .................................. [10,000]
056 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ....................................................................................... .......... 9,626 5,000
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–4,626]
057 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ 7 9,021 79,021
058 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ......................................................... 201,335 201,33 5
059 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... 452,8 61 432,861
Excessive program growth ....................................................................................................... ... [–20,000]
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8207 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
060 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ................ 257,127 257,127
061 0603769SE DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................................... 10,771 10,771062 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE .................................................................................. ...... 15,202 15,202
063 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS ................................................................................. ....... 90,500 65,500
Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ........ [–25,000]
066 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ .... 18,377 18,377
067 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 82 ,589 82,589
068 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ............................................................... 37,420 3 7,420
069 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ........................ 42,488 42,488
070 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 57,74 1 57,741
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 3,229,821 3,066,865
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
071 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ................ 31,710 31,710073 0603600D8Z WALKOFF ......................................................................................................... ............................. 90,567 90,567
074 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM .......................................................................... 15 ,900 15,900
075 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ..................................... 52,758 52,758076 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................. 228,021 228,021077 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT .............................................. 1,284,891 1,284,8 91
077A 0603XXXX MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ..................................................................................... ........ 81,525
Divert attitude control systems technology to support Multi-Object Kill Vehicle ............................ [10,000]Establish MOKV Program of Record ........................................................................................... [71, 525]
078 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ................................................. 172,754 172,754079 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS ................................................................................. .... 233,588 233,588
080 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ........... 409,088 409,088
080A 0603XXXC WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY—HIGH POWER DE ............................................................................... 26 ,055
High Power Directed Energy—Missile Destruct ........................................................................... [26,055]
081 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA .............................................................................................. ........... 400,387 400,387
082 0603892C AEGIS BMD ......................................................................................................... ........................... 843,355 843,355
083 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ............................................................................ 31 ,632 31,632
084 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ....................................................... 23,289 23,28 9
085 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
COMMUNICATI.450,085 437,785
Future Spirals concurrency with multiple ongoing efforts and excess growth ................................ [–12,300]
086 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT .................................................. 49,570 49,570087 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ........................................ 49,211 49,211088 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH .................................................................................................. .................. 9,583 9,583
089 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ...................................................................................... ......... 72,866 72,866
090 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ...... 102,795 267,595
Arrow 3 ........................................................................................................................ ............. [19,500]
Arrow System Improvement Program .......................................................................................... [45,5 00]
David’s Sling .................................................................................................................. ........... [99,800]
091 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST .................................................................................... ........ 274,323 274,323
092 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS ................................................................................. .... 513,256 513,256
093 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ........................................................................................... .............. 10,129 10,129
094 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ............................................................................................... ................... 10,350 10,350
095 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM .................................................................. 1,518 1 1,518
Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ........ [10,000]
096 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................. 96,300 96,300
097 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ .. 469,798 469,798
098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVEL-
OPMENT.3,129 3,129
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESS-
MENTS.25,200 25,200
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ......................................................................... 137 ,564 137,564
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS .................................................................... 278,944 298,944
Redesigned kill vehicle development ............................................................................................ [20,000]
107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ....................................... 26,225 26,225108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... ...................... 55,148 55,148
109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................. . 86,764 86,764
110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............... 34,970 34,970
111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... . 172,645 172,645
112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST ..................................................... 64,618 64,618114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ...................................................... 2,660 2,660115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ............ 963 963
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ............................ 6,816,554 7,106,634
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD .................... 8,800 8,800117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 78,817 88, 817
Concept development by the Army of a CPGS option ................................................................... [5,000]Concept development by the Navy of a CPGS option .................................................................... [5,000]
118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ......................................................... 303,647 303,6 47
119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) ................................................. 23,424 23,424120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) ............................................ 14,285 14,285121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES ...................................................... 7,156 7,156122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... 12,5 42 42
DCMA program decrease .......................................................................................................... .. [–12,500]
123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ........................................................................ 191  191
124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ..... 3,273 3,273
125 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ..... 5,962 5,962
126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ....................................... 13,412 13,412
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8208 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
127 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ......... 2,223 2,223
128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ...................................................... 31,660 31,66 0
129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ....................................................... 13,085 13,08 5
130 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES .................................................. 7,209 7,209131 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .... 15,158 13,794
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ........... [–1,364]
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ........................................... 4,414 4,414
SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................................. 545,258 541,394
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) .................................................................... 5,5 81 5,581
134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 3,08 1 3,081
135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ............................... 229,125 229,125136 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ......... 28,674 21,674
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ........ [–7,000]
138 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ...................................................... 45,235 45 ,235
139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ........................................................................ 2 4,936 24,936
141 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) ........................... 35,471 35,471144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. .................. 37,655 37,655
145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ .... 3,015 3,015
146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... .. 5,287 5,287
147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................... 5,289 5,289148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ........................................................................... . 2,120 2,120
149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................... 102,26 4 102,264
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANS-
FER.2,169 2,169
159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ........ 13,960 13,960
160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ............................................................... 51,775 51,775
161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ..................................... 9,533 9,533162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. ... 17,371 21,371
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ........ [4,000]
163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............. 71,571 71,571
164 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. .... 4,123 4,123
165 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ............................................................... 1,94 6 1,946
166 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ..... 7,673 7,673
169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ................................................. 10,413 10,413170 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ................................................. 971 971171 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE .............................................................................................. ................... 6,579 6,579
173 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ............. 43,811 43,811174 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ............ 35,871 35,871
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT—IT ............................................................................... . 1,072 1,072
177A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................... 49,500 49,500
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 856,071 853,071
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
178 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. ...... 7,929 7,929
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMA-
TION MANA.1,750 1,750
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ............. 294 294
181 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT .................................................... 22,576 22,57 6
182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 1,901 1,901183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G- 
TSCMIS).8,474 8,474
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ............... 33,561 33,561
186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) .......................................................................... 3 ,061 3,061
187 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ................. 64,921 64,921
189 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING .................................................................. 3,645 3,645
193 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ...................................................... 963 963194 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ..................................... 10,186 10,186195 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... .. 36,883 36,883
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) .......................... 13,735 13,735197 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... ..... 6,101 6,101
198 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ............................................................................ 43, 867 43,867
199 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 8, 957 8,957
200 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .......................................................................... 146, 890 146,890
201 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .............................................................................. 21, 503 21,503
202 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... ... 20,342 20,342
203 0303170K NET-CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ............................................................................
444 444
205 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ................ 1,736 1,736
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES .......................................................................... 6 5,060 65,060
210 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ............ 2,976 2,976
215 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ................. 4,182 4,182
216 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ........................ 18,130 18,130
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .............................................................. 5,302 5,30 2
221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS .............................................................. 3,239 3,239225 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ...................... 11,733 11,733
226 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM ..................................................... 2,119 2,119234 0708011S INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ........................................................................................... ........... 24,605 19,245
DLA Uniform Research ........................................................................................................... ... [–5,360]
235 0708012S LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... .......... 1,770 1,770
236 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJCS ................................................................................................ ............. 2,978 2,978
237 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................. 18,151 23,151
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8209 November 16, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Agreement 
Authorized 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ................. [5,000]
238 1105232BB RQ–11 UAV ........................................................................................................ ............................. 758 758
240 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ..................... 173,934 189,134
MC–130 Terrain Following/Terrain Avoidance Radar Program ..................................................... [15,200]
241 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. . 6,866 6,866
242 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ........ 63,008 63,008
243 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................... 25,342 25,342
244 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ................... 3,401 3,401
245 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ................ 3,212 3,212
246 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................... 63,597 63,597
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. 3,933 3,933
248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................... 10,62 3 10,623
248A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................ ................... 3,564,272 3,564,272
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 4,538,910 4,553,750
UNDISTRIBUTED 
249 XXXXXXX DEFENSE WIDE CYBER VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT ............................................................. 200,000
Assess all major weapon systems for cyber vulnerability .............................................................. [200,000]
251 XXXXXXX TECHNOLOGY OFFSET INITIATIVE ....................................................................................... ...... 300,000
Supports innovative technology development .............................................................................. [300,00 0]
SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................... 500,000
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW .................................................... 18,329,861 18,956,567
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
001 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. .... 76,838 76,838
002 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... .......... 46,882 46,882
003 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ...................................................................... 46 ,838 46,838
SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ....................................................................................... 170,558 170,558
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ................................................................ 170,558 170,558
TOTAL RDT&E ..................................................................................................................... 69,784,963 70,005,814 ’’. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama (during the 
reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the original request of the gentleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 308, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1338, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1384, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
KEEP THE PROMISE ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 308) to prohibit gaming ac-tivities on certain Indian lands in Ari-zona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Young) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 263, nays 146, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 626] 
YEAS—263 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis MacArthur Marino McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer 
Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Takano Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman 
Schultz 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.055 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8210 November 16, 2015 
Yoho 
Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin 
Zinke 
NAYS—146 
Adams Amash Bass Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Loebsack Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McDermott McSally Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—24 
Beatty 
Cleaver DeFazio Fattah Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Hultgren King (IA) Lawrence 
Lieu, Ted Lowey Marchant McGovern Richmond Rohrabacher Ruppersberger Rush 
Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Takai Titus Wagner Whitfield 
b1901 
Mr. SHERMAN, Ms. ESHOO, Messrs. 
SEAN PATRICK MALONEY, KEN-NEDY, Mlles. EDWARDS, BROWN of Florida, Messrs. SCHRADER, JONES, MASSIE, LANGEVIN, POLIS, and HIMES changed their votes from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. WOMACK, AGUILAR, and 
ASHFORD changed their votes from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds not being in the af-
firmative) the motion was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE IN REMEM-
BRANCE OF THE VICTIMS OF THE TERRORIST ATTACKS IN FRANCE 
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask 
all present to rise for the purpose of a moment of silence. 
The Chair asks that the House now 
observe a moment of silence in mem-ory of the victims of the terrorist at-
tacks in France. 
f 
DIGNIFIED INTERMENT OF OUR 
VETERANS ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 5- 
minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished busi-
ness is the vote on the motion to sus-pend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1338) to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the burial of un-claimed remains of veterans in na-tional cemeteries, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 409, nays 0, not voting 24, as follows: 
[Roll No. 627] 
YEAS—409 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer 
Hudson Huelskamp 
Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks 
Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—24 
Cleaver DeFazio Fattah Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Hultgren King (IA) Lawrence Lieu, Ted 
Lowey Marchant McGovern Richmond Rohrabacher Ruppersberger Rush Sanchez, Loretta 
Schakowsky Stivers Takai Titus Wagner Webster (FL) Whitfield 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia) (during the vote). 
There are 2 minutes remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.060 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8211 November 16, 2015 
b1909 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HONOR AMERICA’S GUARD- 
RESERVE RETIREES ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1384) to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 0, not voting 26, as follows: 
[Roll No. 628] 
YEAS—407 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador 
LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—26 
Amodei 
Cleaver DeFazio Eshoo Fattah Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Hudson Hultgren King (IA) 
Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lowey Marchant McGovern Richmond Rohrabacher Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Scott, David Takai Titus Wagner Whitfield ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
f 
b1917 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
able to vote due to the necessity of my attend-ing to representational duties and participation in Michigan. Had I been in attendance, I would have voted: ‘‘yes’’—H.R. 308—Keep the Promise Act, ‘‘yes’’—H.R. 1338—Dignified In-terment of Our Veterans’ Act of 2015, ‘‘yes’’— H.R. 1384—Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, this 
evening, I was unavoidably detained and un-able to cast votes on the House floor. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 1338 and H.R. 1384. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on H.R. 308. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Speaker, on the following 
rollcall Nos. I would have voted: ‘‘no’’ on roll-call 626, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 627, ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 628. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on 
November 16, 2015, due to recovery from eye surgery, and missed the following votes. Had I been present I would have voted: 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
H.R. 308, I would have voted ‘‘present.’’ 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
H.R. 1338, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass 
H.R. 1384, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1737, REFORMING CFPB INDI-RECT AUTO FINANCING GUID-ANCE ACT; PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 511, TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY ACT OF 2015; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–340) on the resolution (H. Res. 526) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide re-quirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 511) to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Rela-tions Act; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.075 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8212 November 16, 2015 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1694 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 1694. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. 
f 
IMPROVING REGULATORY TRANS-
PARENCY FOR NEW MEDICAL THERAPIES ACT 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 639) to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling rec-ommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufactur-ers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. 
The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Reg-
ulatory Transparency for New Medical Thera-pies Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SCHEDULING OF SUBSTANCES INCLUDED 
IN NEW FDA-APPROVED DRUGS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL .— 
(1) E FFECTIVE DATE OF DRUG APPROVAL .—Sec-
tion 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(x) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF REC-
OMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (b) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a sci-entific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, approval of such application shall not take ef-fect until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of this 
section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application under subsection 
(b) is approved under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim final 
rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL OF BIOLOGI -
CAL PRODUCTS .—Section 351 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF REC-
OMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (a) with respect to a bio-logical product for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Sub-stances Act, approval of such application shall not take effect until the interim final rule con-trolling the biological product is issued in ac-cordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. ‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of this 
section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), references to the date of ap-proval of such application, or licensure of the product subject to such application, shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application is approved 
under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim final 
rule controlling the biological product.’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL OF ANIMAL  
DRUGS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 512 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF REC-
OMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (b) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a sci-entific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, approval of such application shall not take ef-fect until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of this 
section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application under subsection 
(b) is approved under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim final 
rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(B) C
ONDITIONAL APPROVAL .—Section 571(d) 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4)(A) In the case of an application under 
subsection (a) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, condi-tional approval of such application shall not take effect until the interim final rule control-ling the drug is issued in accordance with sec-tion 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of this section, with respect 
to an application described in subparagraph (A), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(i) the date an application under subsection 
(a) is conditionally approved under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(ii) the date of issuance of the interim final 
rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(C) I
NDEXING OF LEGALLY MARKETED UNAP -
PROVED NEW ANIMAL DRUGS .—Section 572 of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) In the case of a request under subsection 
(d) to add a drug to the index under subsection (a) with respect to a drug for which the Sec-retary provides notice to the person filing the re-quest that the Secretary intends to issue a sci-entific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, a determination to grant the request to add such drug to the index shall not take effect until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Con-trolled Substances Act.’’. 
(4) D
ATE OF APPROVAL FOR DESIGNATED NEW  
ANIMAL DRUGS .—Section 573(c) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc– 2(c)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) For purposes of determining the 7-year 
period of exclusivity under paragraph (1) for a drug for which the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and rec-ommend controls under the Controlled Sub-stances Act, the drug shall not be considered ap-proved or conditionally approved until the date that the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the 
Controlled Substances Act.’’. 
(b) S
CHEDULING OF NEWLY APPROVED  
DRUGS.—Section 201 of the Controlled Sub-
stances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) is amended by insert-ing after subsection (i) the following: 
‘‘(j)(1) With respect to a drug referred to in 
subsection (f), if the Secretary of Health and Human Services recommends that the Attorney General control the drug in schedule II, III, IV, or V pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), the At-torney General shall, not later than 90 days after the date described in paragraph (2), issue an interim final rule controlling the drug in ac-cordance with such subsections and section 202(b) using the procedures described in para-graph (3). 
‘‘(2) The date described in this paragraph 
shall be the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date on which the Attorney General 
receives the scientific and medical evaluation and the scheduling recommendation from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in ac-cordance with subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the date on which the Attorney General 
receives notification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services that the Secretary has approved an application under section 505(c), 512, or 571 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, or indexed a drug under sec-tion 572 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act, with respect to the drug described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) A rule issued by the Attorney General 
under paragraph (1) shall become immediately effective as an interim final rule without requir-ing the Attorney General to demonstrate good cause therefor. The interim final rule shall give interested persons the opportunity to comment and to request a hearing. After the conclusion of such proceedings, the Attorney General shall issue a final rule in accordance with the sched-uling criteria of subsections (b), (c), and (d) of this section and section 202(b).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF PATENT TERM.—Section 156 
of title 35, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or in the case of a drug product described in sub-section (i), within the sixty-day period begin-ning on the covered date (as defined in sub-section (i))’’ after ‘‘marketing or use’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i)(1) For purposes of this section, if the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services provides notice to the sponsor of an application or re-quest for approval, conditional approval, or in-dexing of a drug product for which the Sec-retary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, beginning on the covered date, the drug product shall be consid-ered to— 
‘‘(A) have been approved or indexed under the 
relevant provision of the Public Health Service Act or Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and 
‘‘(B) have permission for commercial mar-
keting or use. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘covered date’ 
means the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application is approved— ‘‘(i) under section 351(a)(2)(C) of the Public 
Health Service Act; or 
‘‘(ii) under section 505(b) or 512(c) of the Fed-
eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; 
‘‘(B) the date an application is conditionally 
approved under section 571(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; 
‘‘(C) the date a request for indexing is granted 
under section 572(d) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; or 
‘‘(D) the date of issuance of the interim final 
rule controlling the drug under section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act.’’. 
SEC. 3. ENHANCING NEW DRUG DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 303 of the Controlled Substances Act 
(21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.078 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8213 November 16, 2015 
‘‘(i)(1) For purposes of registration to manu-
facture a controlled substance under subsection (d) for use only in a clinical trial, the Attorney General shall register the applicant, or serve an order to show cause upon the applicant in ac-cordance with section 304(c), not later than 180 days after the date on which the application is accepted for filing. 
‘‘(2) For purposes of registration to manufac-
ture a controlled substance under subsection (a) for use only in a clinical trial, the Attorney General shall, in accordance with the regula-tions issued by the Attorney General, issue a no-tice of application not later than 90 days after the application is accepted for filing. Not later than 90 days after the date on which the period for comment pursuant to such notice ends, the Attorney General shall register the applicant, or serve an order to show cause upon the applicant in accordance with section 304(c), unless the At-torney General has granted a hearing on the application under section 1008(i) of the Con-trolled Substances Import and Export Act.’’. 
SEC. 4. RE-EXPORTATION AMONG MEMBERS OF 
THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA. 
Section 1003 of the Controlled Substances Im-
port and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 953) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection(f)— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, except that the controlled 
substance may be exported from a second coun-try that is a member of the European Economic Area to another country that is a member of the European Economic Area, provided that the first country is also a member of the European Economic Area’’ before the period at the end; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Subsequent to any re-exportation de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), a controlled sub-stance may continue to be exported from any country that is a member of the European Eco-nomic Area to any other such country, if— 
‘‘(i) the conditions applicable with respect to 
the first country under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), and (7) are met by each subsequent country from which the controlled substance is exported pursuant to this paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) the conditions applicable with respect to 
the second country under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), and (7) are met by each subsequent country to which the controlled substance is ex-ported pursuant to this paragraph.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)(A)’’; 
and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) In the case of re-exportation among 
members of the European Economic Area, with-in 30 days after each re-exportation, the person who exported the controlled substance from the United States delivers to the Attorney General— 
‘‘(i) documentation certifying that such re-ex-
portation has occurred; and 
‘‘(ii) information concerning the consignee, 
country, and product.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) L
IMITATION .—Subject to paragraphs (5) 
and (6) of subsection (f) in the case of any con-trolled substance in schedule I or II or any nar-cotic drug in schedule III or IV, the Attorney General shall not promulgate nor enforce any regulation, subregulatory guidance, or enforce-ment policy which impedes re-exportation of any controlled substance among European Eco-nomic Area countries, including by promul-gating or enforcing any requirement that— 
‘‘(1) re-exportation from the first country to 
the second country or re-exportation from the second country to another country occur within a specified period of time; or 
‘‘(2) information concerning the consignee, 
country, and product be provided prior to expor-tation of the controlled substance from the United States or prior to each re-exportation among members of the European Economic Area.’’. Mr. GRIFFITH (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the Senate amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the original request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL FOR THE UN-VEILING OF THE MARBLE BUST OF VICE PRESIDENT RICHARD CHENEY ON DECEMBER 3, 2015 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s desk (S. Con. Res. 24) the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the marble bust of Vice President Richard Cheney on December 3, 2015, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 24 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
THE UNVEILING OF THE MARBLE BUST OF VICE PRESIDENT RICHARD CHENEY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Emancipation Hall in the 
Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used for a ceremony to unveil the marble bust of Vice President Richard Cheney on December 3, 2015. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—The Architect of the 
Capitol and the Capitol Police Board shall take such action as may be necessary with respect to physical preparations and security for the ceremony described in subsection (a). 
The concurrent resolution was con-
curred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CERE-MONY TO COMMEMORATE THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RATIFICATION OF THE 13TH AMENDMENT 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 93, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 93 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO COMMEMORATE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF RATIFICA-TION OF 13TH AMENDMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on December 9, 2015, for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which abolished slavery in the United States. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .— Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 3403 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of the bill H.R. 3403. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION ACT OF 2015, PART II 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3996) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3996 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; RECONCILIATION OF 
FUNDS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015, Part II’’. 
(b) R
ECONCILIATION OF FUNDS .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation shall reduce the amount apportioned or allocated for a pro-gram, project, or activity under this Act in fiscal year 2016 by amounts apportioned or allocated pursuant to the Surface Transpor-tation Extension Act of 2015, including the amendments made by that Act, for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015. 
(c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; reconciliation of funds; 
table of contents. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
Sec. 1001. Extension of Federal-aid highway 
programs. 
Sec. 1002. Administrative expenses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.017 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8214 November 16, 2015 
Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
Sec. 1101. Extension of National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration highway safety programs. 
Sec. 1102. Extension of Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration pro-grams. 
Sec. 1103. Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Res-
toration Act. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
Sec. 1201. Formula grants for rural areas. 
Sec. 1202. Apportionment of appropriations 
for formula grants. 
Sec. 1203. Authorizations for public trans-
portation. 
Sec. 1204. Bus and bus facilities formula 
grants. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
Sec. 1301. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 2001. Extension of Highway Trust Fund 
expenditure authority. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
SEC. 1001. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID HIGH-
WAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001(a) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 4, 2015’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—Section 
1001(b)(1)(B) of the Highway and Transpor-tation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015, 
51⁄366of the total amount’’ 
and inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, 
65⁄366of the total amount’’. 
(2) G ENERAL FUND .—Section 1123(h)(1) of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the pro-gram for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,327,869 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the pro-gram for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1001(c)(1)(B) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘November 20, 2015,’’ and 
inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
51⁄366’’ and inserting 
‘‘65⁄366’’. 
(2) O BLIGATION CEILING .—Section 1102 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (a)(4) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(4) $7,134,218,915 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(12) by striking ‘‘, and 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reduc-tions that would have otherwise been re-quired for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then mul-tiplied by 
51⁄366for that period’’ and inserting 
‘‘, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any re-ductions that would have otherwise been re-quired for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then mul-tiplied by 
65⁄366for that period’’; (C) in subsection (c)— 
(i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by 
striking ‘‘November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on November 20, 2015, that is equal to 
51⁄366of such unobligated balance’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, that is equal to 
65⁄366of such unobligated balance’’; 
and 
(D) in subsection (f)(1) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘No-vember 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
Section 1002 of the Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1842) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a)(2) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(2) $78,142,077 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2) by striking ‘‘and for 
the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses for the Federal Highway Administration and Ap-palachian Regional Commission’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015, sub-ject to the limitations on administrative ex-penses for the Federal Highway Administra-tion and Appalachian Regional Commis-sion’’. 
Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
SEC. 1101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY 
TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAMS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
31101(a)(1)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $41,734,973 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 31101(a)(2)(D) of MAP–21 
(126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $20,157,104 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 31101(a)(3)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $48,306,011 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—Section 
31101(a)(4)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $887,978 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31101(a)(5)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) $5,150,273 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(B) L
AW ENFORCEMENT CAMPAIGNS .—Section 
2009(a) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note) is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘No-
vember 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence by striking ‘‘No-
vember 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015,’’. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31101(a)(6)(D) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) $4,528,689 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.—Section 403(f)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $348,361 of the total amount available for ap-portionment to the States for highway safe-ty programs under section 402(c) in the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $443,989 of the total amount available for ap-portionment to the States for highway safe-ty programs under section 402(c) in the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Section 
31101(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended by striking ‘‘November 20, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 4, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1102. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 31104(a)(11) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(11) $38,715,847 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31104(i)(1)(K) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(K) $45,997,268 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Section 4101(c)(1) of 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on No-vember 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,327,869 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
4101(c)(2) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,459,016 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,683,060 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4101(c)(3) of SAFETEA–LU 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $887,978 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015’’. 
(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $3,483,607 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and $4,439,891 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
Section 4101(c)(5) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $418,033 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $532,787 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(d) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and up to $2,090,164 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and up to $2,663,934 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
(e) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and up to $4,459,016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.043 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8215 November 16, 2015 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, 
and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and up to $5,683,060 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
(f) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION .—Section 
4127(e) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1741) is amended by striking ‘‘and $557,377 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $710,383 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
(g) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $139,344 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $177,596 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1103. DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘No-
vember 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘December 4, 2015,’’. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
SEC. 1201. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
Section 5311(c)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and 
$696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $887,978 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and 
$3,483,607 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,439,891 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1202. APPORTIONMENT OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5336(h)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $5,327,869 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1203. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PUBLIC TRANS-
PORTATION. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 5338(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$1,197,663,934 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,526,434,426 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on December 4, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and 
$17,947,541 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $22,874,317 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and 
$1,393,443 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,775,956 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and 
$621,287,295 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $791,836,749 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on 
December 4, 2015,’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and 
$35,992,623 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $45,872,951 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘and $84,693,443 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $107,942,623 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and $4,180,328 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,327,869 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and $2,786,885 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,551,913 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (F) by striking ‘‘and 
$418,033 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $532,787 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015,’’; 
(G) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and 
$696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $887,978 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015,’’; 
(H) in subparagraph (H) by striking ‘‘and 
$536,475 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $683,743 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015,’’; 
(I) in subparagraph (I) by striking ‘‘and 
$301,805,738 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $384,654,372 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(J) in subparagraph (J) by striking ‘‘and 
$59,611,475 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $75,975,410 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; and 
(K) in subparagraph (K) by striking ‘‘and 
$73,281,148 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $93,397,541 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION AND DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—Section 
5338(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $9,754,098 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-
ing on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $12,431,694 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(c) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—Section 5338(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $975,410 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,243,169 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 5338(d) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $975,410 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,243,169 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(e) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .—Sec-
tion 5338(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $696,721 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and 
$887,978 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—Section 
5338(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $265,729,508 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $338,674,863 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’. 
(g) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 5338(h) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$14,491,803 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $18,469,945 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘and not 
less than $696,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $887,978 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘and not 
less than $139,344 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than 
$177,596 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1204. BUS AND BUS FACILITIES FORMULA 
GRANTS. 
Section 5339(d)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and $9,127,049 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $11,632,514 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘$174,180 for such period’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$221,994 for such period’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘$69,672 for such period’’ and 
inserting ‘‘$88,798 for such period’’. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
SEC. 1301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5128(a)(4) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(4) $7,594,344 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—Section 5128(b)(2) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2016 .—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on December 4, 2015— 
‘‘(A) $33,388 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(B) $3,871,585 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $2,424,180 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(C) $26,639 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(D) $110,997 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(E) $177,596 to carry out section 5116(j).’’. 
(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—Section 5128(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $557,377 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on November 20, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $710,383 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on De-cember 4, 2015,’’. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 2001. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘December 5, 2015’’, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.043 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8216 November 16, 2015 
(2) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
Extension Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘Surface Transpor-tation Extension Act of 2015, Part II’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
Extension Act of 2015’’ each place it appears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015, Part II’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘December 5, 2015’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Section 9508(e)(2) of such Code 
is amended by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 5, 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ). Pursuant to the rule, the 
gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H ARDY ) 
and the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Nevada. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on H.R. 3996. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Nevada? 
There was no objection. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3996, which extends the Federal surface transportation programs to December 4, 2015. 
On November 5, the House over-
whelmingly passed a multiyear surface transportation bill, with more than 360 Members voting in support. Since then, the House and Senate have made good progress in resolving the differences between our two proposals. The con-ference committee still needs time to publicly meet, which we will do on Wednesday, complete our negotiations, and produce a final measure that helps improve America’s infrastructure. To-day’s extension provides a time for that process to occur, while avoiding a shutdown of transportation programs. 
The bill allows the States to con-
tinue to fund transportation projects and prevents 4,100 U.S. Department of Transportation employees from being furloughed. 
H.R. 3996 funds these programs at the 
authorized levels for fiscal year 2014. No offsets or transfers of funding to the highway trust fund are necessary for the extension since the trust fund will remain solvent during the period. 
I urge support of H.R. 3996. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, today the House must 
consider yet another short-term exten-sion to keep highway transit safety and HAZMAT investments limping along, this time for only 2 weeks. We must pass this bill today, however, to 
avert a shutdown of Federal transpor-tation programs, which expire in just 4 days. 
This stopgap measure is a means to a 
much-needed end, which the House and the Senate are working diligently to accomplish a long-term surface trans-portation bill to provide certainty to States and to address our Nation’s crumbling roads, bridges, and transit systems. 
Every State department of transpor-
tation, every county, every city, every contractor, every construction worker, every commuter stuck in traffic, every business that uses our roads and bridges to move goods wants Congress to break through its own gridlock and wants us to come up with a long-term bill. 
I would very much like to thank 
Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member 
DEFAZIO, Subcommittee Chair G RAVES , 
and all the members who have worked together in the most bipartisan man-ner—it is bipartisanship that I believe is a model for how this House should operate—in order to craft a surface transportation authorization bill that passed by voice vote out of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure and that received robust sup-port when considered by the House after many amendments were also con-sidered. 
The conference committee is now 
diligently doing its work, and I look forward to continuing our talks with the Senate to produce a comprehensive bill for the President to sign. Until such time as the conference committee can complete its work, we must keep programs up and running, Mr. Speaker. This extension does just that. 
This extension is a necessary step to 
avert a shutdown, and I will, therefore, support it. It is my sincere hope that this is the last extension, and I ear-nestly believe it will be because of the bipartisanship this bill has enjoyed, the very last extension we will need be-cause it is beyond time to get serious about how we are going to fund our transportation future. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
I thank the gentleman for coming 
forward this evening. I have no further speakers. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, the 
House must consider yet another short-term extension to keep highway, transit, highway safety, and hazmat investments limping along, this time for two weeks. 
We must pass this bill today to avert a shut-
down of Federal transportation programs, which expire in just four short days. 
This stopgap measure is a means to a 
much-needed end toward which the House and Senate are working diligently: a long-term surface transportation bill to provide certainty to States and to address our nations’ crum-
bling roads, bridges, and transit systems. 
Every State Department of Transportation, 
every county, every city, every contractor, every construction worker, every commuter stuck in traffic, every business that uses our roads and bridges to move goods wants Con-gress to break through its own gridlock and come up with a long-term bill. 
I would like to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO, Subcommittee 
Chairman G RAVES , and all of the members 
who have worked together in a bipartisan manner to craft a surface transportation au-thorization bill that passed by voice vote out of the Transportation and Infrastructure Com-mittee and that received robust support when considered by the House. 
The Conference Committee is now diligently 
doing its work, and I look forward to continue our talks with the Senate to produce a com-prehensive bill for the President to sign. Until such time as the Conference Committee can complete its work, we must keep programs up and running. This extension does just that. 
This extension is a necessary step to avert 
a shutdown, and I will therefore support it. It is my sincere hope that this is the last exten-sion we will need, because it is beyond time to get serious about how we are going to fund our transportation future. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, a senior 
member of the Homeland Security, I rise to speak on H.R. 3996, Surface Transportation Extension Act II of 2015,’’ which reauthorizes federal-aid highway and transit programs for two weeks through December 4, 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, instead of this 14-day tem-
porary extension, I would have strongly pre-ferred that we were debating a final Con-ference Report on H.R. 22, the Surface Trans-portation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, which provides for what used to be the customary six-year reauthorization of surface transportation programs to provide certainty and stability to the needed effort to repair, re-build, and revitalize the nation’s crumbling in-frastructure. 
The Senate Amendment to the Conference 
Report on H.R. 22, the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, passed by a vote of 65–34, nearly a two-thirds majority, while the version of the bill passed by the House version of the bill, which in-cluded two Jackson Lee amendments, passed by an overwhelming bipartisan majority of 363–64. 
Mr. Speaker, I reluctantly support this emer-
gency but temporary measure because as the Department of Transportation has reported, if we do not act now highway trust fund bal-ances will reach dangerously low levels by November 20 and result in a reduction of pay-ments to states by an average of 28 percent. 
Many states have already canceled or de-
layed planned construction projects, threat-ening 700,000 thousands of jobs, including 
106,100 jobs in my home state of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, the Highway Trust Fund was 
created in 1956 during the Eisenhower Admin-istration to help finance construction of the Interstate Highway System, which modernized the nation’s transportation infrastructure and was instrumental in making the United States the world’s dominant economic power for two generations. 
Our national leaders then understood that 
investing in our roads and bridges strength-ened our economy, created millions of good- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.043 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8217 November 16, 2015 
paying jobs, and improved the quality of life 
for all Americans. 
It is currently composed of two accounts 
that fund federal-aid highway and transit projects built by states. 
Federal funding from the trust fund accounts 
for a major portion of state transportation spending. 
The Highway Trust Fund is financed by gas-
oline and diesel taxes, which until the last dec-ade produced a steady increase in revenues sufficient to accommodate increased levels of spending on highway and transit projects. 
However, those tax rates—18.4 cents/gallon 
federal tax on gasoline and a 24.4 cents/gal-lon tax on diesel fuel—have remained un-changed since 1993 and were not indexed to inflation so the value of those revenues has eroded over the years, and, combined with the fact that vehicles have been getting increas-ingly better mileage, the revenues deposited into the Highway Trust Fund beginning last decade have not kept pace with highway and transit spending from the trust fund. 
Consequently, since 2008, Congress has 
periodically had to transfer at the 11th hour general Treasury revenues into the trust fund to pay for authorized highway and transit spending levels and avoid a funding shortfall. 
The total amount to date is more than $74 
billion. 
Obviously, this practice is economically inef-
ficient and injects uncertainty in the highway construction plans, projects, and schedules of state and local transportation agencies, not to mention the anxiety it causes to workers and businesses who economic livelihood is de-pendent on those projects. 
Mr. Speaker, the last transportation author-
ized by Congress for 4 years or more, SAFETEA–LU, expired on September 30, 2009, at the end of FY 2009. 
Because Congress and the Administration 
could not agree to a new reauthorization, it was necessary to resort to stop-gap temporary extensions on no less than eight occasions spanning a period of 910 days before Con-gress finally enacted the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act’’ (MAP–21 Act) on July 6, 2012, which reauthorized high-way and transportation programs through Fis-cal Year 2014, a little more than two years, or until September 30, 2014. 
MAP–21 was intended as a short-term 
measure to give Congress and the Administra-tion breathing room to reach agreement on a long-term reauthorization bill. 
Yet, as Mr. L
EVIN, the Ranking Member of 
the Ways and Means Committee, has often pointed out, since gaining the majority in 2010, our Republican colleagues have failed to take any action to sustain the Highway Trust Fund over the long-term and shore up vital infra-structure projects and has not held even a sin-gle hearing on financing options for the High-way Trust Fund. 
Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for this 
Congress, and especially the House majority, to focus on the real problems and challenges facing the American people. 
And one of the biggest of those challenges 
is ensuring that America has a transportation policy and the infrastructure needed to com-pete and win in the global economy of the 21st Century. 
To do that we have to extend the reauthor-
ization of current transportation programs and to authorize the transfer of the funds to the Highway Trust Fund needed to fund author-
ized construction projects and keep 700,000 workers, including 106,100 in Texas on the job. 
But that is only a start and just a part of our 
job. 
The real work that needs to be done in the 
remaining days of this Congress is to reach an agreement on H.R. 22 that the President can sign that is fair, equitable, fiscally responsible, creates jobs and leads to sustained economic growth. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3996. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1930 
POLICYHOLDER PROTECTION ACT 
OF 2015 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1478) to provide for notice to, and input by, State insurance commis-sioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of finan-cial strength or when the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation places a lien against an insurance company’s assets, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1478 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Policyholder 
Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ENSURING THE PROTECTION OF INSUR-
ANCE POLICYHOLDERS. 
(a) S OURCE OF STRENGTH .—Section 38A of the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831o– 1) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and 
(e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY OF STATE INSURANCE REGU-
LATOR .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The provisions of section 
5(g) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1844(g)) shall apply to a savings and loan holding company that is an insurance com-pany, an affiliate of an insured depository insti-tution that is an insurance company, and to any other company that is an insurance com-pany and that directly or indirectly controls an insured depository institution, to the same ex-tent as the provisions of that section apply to a bank holding company that is an insurance company. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Requiring a 
bank holding company that is an insurance company, a savings and loan holding company that is an insurance company, an affiliate of an insured depository institution that is an insur-ance company, or any other company that is an insurance company and that directly or indi-rectly controls an insured depository institution to serve as a source of financial strength under this section shall be deemed an action of the 
Board that requires a bank holding company to provide funds or other assets to a subsidiary de-pository institution for purposes of section 5(g) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1844(g)).’’. 
(b) L
IQUIDATION AUTHORITY .—The Dodd- 
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 203(e)(3) (12 U.S.C. 5383(e)(3)), 
by inserting ‘‘or rehabilitation’’ after ‘‘orderly liquidation’’ each place that term appears; and 
(2) in section 204(d)(4) (12 U.S.C. 5384(d)(4)), 
by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, except that, if the covered finan-cial company or covered subsidiary is an insur-ance company or a subsidiary of an insurance company, the Corporation— 
‘‘(A) shall promptly notify the State insurance 
authority for the insurance company of the in-tention to take such lien; and 
‘‘(B) may only take such lien— ‘‘(i) to secure repayment of funds made avail-
able to such covered financial company or cov-ered subsidiary; and 
‘‘(ii) if the Corporation determines, after con-
sultation with the State insurance authority, that such lien will not unduly impede or delay the liquidation or rehabilitation of the insur-ance company, or the recovery by its policy-holders’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) and the gentle-
woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self 5 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-
league on the Financial Services Com-mittee, Mr. S
HERMAN , for all of his help 
and support on the Policyholder Pro-tection Act as well as the chairman and ranking member of the committee for their support. 
I have devoted a great deal of time to 
insurance issues both as a State legis-lator in Florida and as a Member of Congress. For over 3 years, I have been pushing legislation to address problems that Dodd-Frank created for insurance companies and, more importantly, their policyholders. 
I credit former Congresswoman Judy 
Biggert for bringing these issues to light and for offering a positive solu-tion focused on protecting consumers. 
After a lot of hard work, multiple 
hearings, drafts, redrafts, and so forth, we now have before us this bipartisan, commonsense legislation that will en-sure that State regulators continue to have the tools they need to protect pol-icyholders back home. 
Mr. Speaker, insurance policyholders 
shouldn’t be on the hook for an affili-ated company’s failure or financial dis-tress. But, unfortunately, that is an all-too-real scenario under the current law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.046 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8218 November 16, 2015 
Today, in certain circumstances, in-
surance assets—those set aside to pay out policyholders’ claims—could be used as a source of strength to offset risky bets of an organization affiliated with the insurance company. 
This practice could threaten the sol-
vency of an insurer and undermine its ability to keep promises it makes to its customers, customers who rely on their policies to protect their families’ homes, their livelihoods, and their re-tirement. 
It is simply wrong to force middle 
class families to put their homeowner’s or life insurance policies at risk be-cause of bad bets that someone might have made on Wall Street. Therefore, our bill clarifies that State regulators can wall off these assets from con-tagion, regardless of how an insurance 
company is structured. 
The bottom line here is that insur-
ance policies shouldn’t be raided, pe-riod, and certainly not to bail out a fi-nancial institution that made poor de-cisions. Consumers deserve certainty that they will be protected, which is why our bill will also require the FDIC to notify State regulators and consult with them before taking a lien on in-surance company assets. In the rare event that this action is being consid-ered, this legislation requires that the FDIC first consider the impact that taking such a lien could have on pol-icyholders. 
Taken together, these measures safe-
guard insurance assets and make cer-tain that they continue to be used for their primary purpose, which is to pay out the claims of policyholders. 
The Policyholder Protection Act en-
joys broad support from insurance reg-ulators, State regulators, guaranty funds, consumers representatives, and the industry. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud of our work 
on this commonsense consumer protec-tion bill. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 1478, the Policy Protection Act. I applaud my colleagues, Mr. P
OSEY of 
Florida and Mr. S HERMAN of California, 
on their diligent work that they have put into crafting this legislation in the Financial Services Committee. I sup-ported this legislation in committee. 
The bill, in a nutshell, ensures that 
insurance company assets are, first and foremost, used to protect and pay pol-icyholders’ claims. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) to further 
discuss this bill. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure 
to work with the gentleman from Flor-ida on this bill. I was pleased to join him in introducing this legislation. 
This is a commonsense bill. It has, I 
believe, total support. We voted on it in committee. It was supported unani-
mously. It has no objection from any of the regulators, such as the FDIC, or others. 
It is supported by most insurance 
commissioners all over the country, in-cluding Dave Jones, Insurance Com-missioner in California. It is supported by the American Council of Life Insur-ers, Property Casualty Insurers, and the Big I. So this bill has industry and the regulators behind it, Democrats and Republicans. It is unanimous. 
What does the bill do? It deals with 
the circumstance where you have an insurance company that is a subsidiary of a financial services holding com-pany, and it basically lays out the principle that the assets of the insur-ance company are there to pay insur-ance claims. 
The State regulator of the insurance 
company regulates that insurance sub-sidiary and makes sure that the assets are there to provide insurance reserves and to pay insurance claims. Those as-sets cannot be invaded to pay for bad bets made by affiliated companies. 
So, first, the bill says that State-reg-
ulated insurance company resources cannot be used as a source of strength for an affiliated financial firm that is being liquidated under title II of Dodd- Frank. 
Second, the financial regulator may 
not place a lien on the assets of the State-regulated insurance company under title II unless the State insur-ance commissioner consents. It is the State insurance commissioner’s funda-
mental duty to protect the policy-holders. 
Finally, the State insurance commis-
sioner has the primary authority to de-termine whether to liquidate or reha-bilitate insurance companies. 
The insurance commissioners did an 
excellent job during the meltdown of 2008 to make sure that policyholders were paid. This bill reaffirms that the State regulators have the ability to wall off insurance company assets to protect policyholders. The bill will make sure that those assets are not jeopardized by complex bets, risk-tak-ing, or poor management of affiliated companies. 
In a nutshell, we want to make sure 
that those who have insurance feel se-cure. This bill will do that. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), the chair-
man of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding. 
A majority of the Financial Services 
Committee and, in fact, the majority of Congress recognizes the need to pre-serve the current State-based model of insurance regulation. It is an impor-tant conversation because our model, different from others around the world, centers on the protection of policy-holders before anything else. 
H.R. 1478, the Policyholder Protec-
tion Act, introduced by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) and the gen-
tleman from California (Mr. S HERMAN ) 
works to guarantee the policyholder protections that have served the U.S. insurance system and consumers so well. 
The bill guarantees the authorities of 
State regulators to protect an insur-ance company from contagion, ensur-ing that policyholders can be paid for claims regardless of how that insurer is organized. 
It also codifies the existing role of 
the FDIC to consult with State regu-lators and requires full consideration of all implications a resolution could have on policyholders. The legislation also ensures that the States maintain authority over an insurer’s resolution process. 
Insurers typically hold large 
amounts of capital. They do so because 
the primary function of an insurer is to pay claims. Mr. P
OSEY ’s bill makes 
sure those assets which go towards payment of claims aren’t used to offset other activities of affiliated businesses. 
There is a genuine concern that other 
affiliates could raid an insurance affili-ate’s assets to prop up another entity within its company’s holdings. This should never be allowed. This bill pre-vents that from happening. In other words, it says ‘‘hands off’’ to other as-sets of the insurance company. 
The Policyholder Protection Act en-
joys broad bipartisan support. It was passed unanimously by the Financial Services Committee because it codifies protections for insurance policy-holders. 
I congratulate the gentleman from 
Florida and the gentleman from Cali-fornia on their bill and thank them for their work on behalf of the consumers. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
This bill, which Mr. S
HERMAN and Mr. 
POSEY have worked so diligently on, 
brings parity among State law, Federal bank holding company laws, and now the savings and loan holding compa-nies. 
It clarifies that the FDIC’s backup 
receivership authority is not triggered if a State insurance regulator decides to rehabilitate rather than to liquidate a troubled insurance company. 
I certainly commend this bill to my 
colleagues. The Financial Services Committee has looked it over care-fully. I urge support of this balanced proposal. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1478, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.085 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8219 November 16, 2015 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COM-
MISSION REPORTING MOD-ERNIZATION ACT 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3032) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal a cer-tain reporting requirement of the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3032 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securities 
and Exchange Commission Reporting Mod-ernization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIMINATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE-
MENT. 
Paragraph (6) of section 21(h) of the Securi-
ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u(h)) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
b1945 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3032, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission Reporting Modernization Act. 
I want to thank the gentlewoman 
from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) and the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. H URT), for 
their very diligent and bipartisan work that resulted in the Financial Services Committee favorably reporting H.R. 3032 on a unanimous vote. 
I would also like to thank SEC Chair 
Mary Jo White and her fellow Commis-sioners for providing their unanimous recommendation to eliminate this re-porting requirement, which the Con-gress previously repealed for all other regulatory agencies. 
No matter how modest the legisla-
tion may be, legislative efforts to eliminate unnecessary and otherwise extraneous reporting requirements are exactly the type of proactive sugges-tions our regulators should provide to the committee for consideration. 
Despite the Senate’s unwillingness to 
pass equally bipartisan bills to spur growth, promote capital formation, and create jobs, I hope our colleagues 
in the Senate can agree that this ex-ceedingly minor change is worthy of swift enactment. 
Again, I want to thank the gentle-
woman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) and 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) for their bipartisan work. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I am so happy to join the chairman of 
the Financial Services Committee and Ms. S
INEMA in overwhelmingly sup-
porting H.R. 3032. 
This bill, of course, will relieve the 
SEC from unnecessary administrative burdens and enable the already over-whelmed agency to focus resources to other, more mission-critical tasks, ex-aminations, and enforcement. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she 
may consume to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) to talk about her 
great legislation. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congresswoman M OORE and Chairman 
HENSARLING for their bipartisan sup-
port of this bill. I also thank Congress-man R
OBERT HURT for being the lead 
Republican sponsor of this bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of our bill, H.R. 3032, the Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting Mod-ernization Act. 
Our regulatory system is inefficient, 
complicated and confusing, which is why it is so important that outdated regulations are reviewed with the goal of modifying them or repealing them to reduce waste and to make them work for everyday Americans. 
That is why I have introduced this 
bipartisan legislation with Congress-man H
URT, to repeal an unnecessary 
and outdated reporting requirement in the United States Securities and Ex-change Commission. 
Since 1995, the SEC has been the only 
Federal agency required to compile this obscure annual report. It is a waste of taxpayer dollars, and it is a paperwork burden that diverts time and resources from protecting inves-tors. 
Modernizing the SEC’s reporting re-
quirements will allow the Commission to better focus on its mission of pro-tecting investors; maintaining fair, or-derly, and efficient markets; and facili-tating capital formation. 
I am committed to working with my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that our financial markets work for everyone, and I hope that Members will join me in support of this bipar-tisan legislation. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
more speakers, so I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further requests for time, so I urge all of my colleagues to support this commonsense, bipartisan bill. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3032. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT AND 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AMENDMENTS 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1317) to amend the Com-modity Exchange Act and the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1317 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TREATMENT OF AFFILIATE TRANS-
ACTIONS. 
(a) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACTAMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2(h)(7)(D) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(D)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v); (2) by striking clauses (i) and (ii) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person that 
qualifies for an exception under subparagraph (A) (including affiliate entities predominantly engaged in providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise or manufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the exception only if the affiliate— 
‘‘(I) enters into the swap to hedge or mitigate 
the commercial risk of the person or other affil-iate of the person that is not a financial entity, and the commercial risk that the affiliate is hedging or mitigating has been transferred to the affiliate; 
‘‘(II) is directly and wholly-owned by another 
affiliate qualified for the exception under this subparagraph or an entity that is not a finan-cial entity; 
‘‘(III) is not indirectly majority-owned by a fi-
nancial entity; 
‘‘(IV) is not ultimately owned by a parent 
company that is a financial entity; and 
‘‘(V) does not provide any services, financial 
or otherwise, to any affiliate that is a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors (as defined under section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010). 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION ON QUALIFYING AFFILIATES .— 
The exception in clause (i) shall not apply if the affiliate is— 
‘‘(I) a swap dealer; ‘‘(II) a security-based swap dealer; ‘‘(III) a major swap participant; ‘‘(IV) a major security-based swap partici-
pant; 
‘‘(V) a commodity pool; ‘‘(VI) a bank holding company; ‘‘(VII) a private fund, as defined in section 
202(a) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80-b-2(a)); 
‘‘(VIII) an employee benefit plan or govern-
ment plan, as defined in paragraphs (3) and (32) of section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002); 
‘‘(IX) an insured depository institution; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.087 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8220 November 16, 2015 
‘‘(X) a farm credit system institution; 
‘‘(XI) a credit union; ‘‘(XII) a nonbank financial company super-
vised by the Board of Governors (as defined under section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010); or 
‘‘(XIII) an entity engaged in the business of 
insurance and subject to capital requirements established by an insurance governmental au-thority of a State, a territory of the United States, the District of Columbia, a country other than the United States, or a political subdivi-sion of a country other than the United States that is engaged in the supervision of insurance companies under insurance law. 
‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON AFFILIATES ’ AFFILI -
ATES.—Unless the Commission determines, by 
order, rule, or regulation, that it is in the public interest, the exception in clause (i) shall not apply with respect to an affiliate if the affiliate is itself affiliated with— 
‘‘(I) a major security-based swap participant; ‘‘(II) a security-based swap dealer; ‘‘(III) a major swap participant; or ‘‘(IV) a swap dealer. 
‘‘(iv) C
ONDITIONS ON TRANSACTIONS .—With re-
spect to an affiliate that qualifies for the excep-tion in clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) the affiliate may not enter into any swap 
other than for the purpose of hedging or miti-gating commercial risk; and 
‘‘(II) neither the affiliate nor any person af-
filiated with the affiliate that is not a financial entity may enter into a swap with or on behalf of any affiliate that is a financial entity or oth-erwise assume, net, combine, or consolidate the risk of swaps entered into by any such financial entity, except one that is an affiliate that quali-fies for the exception under clause (i).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) R
ISK MANAGEMENT PROGRAM .—Any swap 
entered into by an affiliate that qualifies for the exception in clause (i) shall be subject to a cen-tralized risk management program of the affil-iate, which is reasonably designed both to mon-itor and manage the risks associated with the swap and to identify each of the affiliates on whose behalf a swap was entered into.’’. 
(b) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 A MEND -
MENT .—Section 3C(g)(4) of the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c–3(g)(4)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-
paragraph (E); 
(2) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person 
that qualifies for an exception under this sub-section (including affiliate entities predomi-nantly engaged in providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise or manufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the excep-tion only if the affiliate— 
‘‘(i) enters into the security-based swap to 
hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the per-son or other affiliate of the person that is not a financial entity, and the commercial risk that the affiliate is hedging or mitigating has been transferred to the affiliate; 
‘‘(ii) is directly and wholly-owned by another 
affiliate qualified for the exception under this paragraph or an entity that is not a financial entity; 
‘‘(iii) is not indirectly majority-owned by a fi-
nancial entity; 
‘‘(iv) is not ultimately owned by a parent com-
pany that is a financial entity; and 
‘‘(v) does not provide any services, financial 
or otherwise, to any affiliate that is a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors (as defined under section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON QUALIFYING AFFILIATES .— 
The exception in subparagraph (A) shall not apply if the affiliate is— 
‘‘(i) a swap dealer; ‘‘(ii) a security-based swap dealer; ‘‘(iii) a major swap participant; ‘‘(iv) a major security-based swap participant; 
‘‘(v) a commodity pool; ‘‘(vi) a bank holding company; ‘‘(vii) a private fund, as defined in section 
202(a) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80-b-2(a)); 
‘‘(viii) an employee benefit plan or govern-
ment plan, as defined in paragraphs (3) and (32) of section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002); 
‘‘(ix) an insured depository institution; ‘‘(x) a farm credit system institution; ‘‘(xi) a credit union; ‘‘(xii) a nonbank financial company super-
vised by the Board of Governors (as defined under section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010); or 
‘‘(xiii) an entity engaged in the business of in-
surance and subject to capital requirements es-tablished by an insurance governmental author-ity of a State, a territory of the United States, the District of Columbia, a country other than the United States, or a political subdivision of a country other than the United States that is en-gaged in the supervision of insurance companies under insurance law. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION ON AFFILIATES ’ AFFILIATES .— 
Unless the Commission determines, by order, rule, or regulation, that it is in the public inter-est, the exception in subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to an affiliate if such affil-iate is itself affiliated with— 
‘‘(i) a major security-based swap participant; ‘‘(ii) a security-based swap dealer; ‘‘(iii) a major swap participant; or ‘‘(iv) a swap dealer. ‘‘(D) C
ONDITIONS ON TRANSACTIONS .—With re-
spect to an affiliate that qualifies for the excep-tion in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) such affiliate may not enter into any se-
curity-based swap other than for the purpose of hedging or mitigating commercial risk; and 
‘‘(ii) neither such affiliate nor any person af-
filiated with such affiliate that is not a finan-cial entity may enter into a security-based swap with or on behalf of any affiliate that is a fi-nancial entity or otherwise assume, net, com-bine, or consolidate the risk of security-based swaps entered into by any such financial entity, except one that is an affiliate that qualifies for the exception under subparagraph (A).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) R
ISK MANAGEMENT PROGRAM .—Any secu-
rity-based swap entered into by an affiliate that qualifies for the exception in subparagraph (A) shall be subject to a centralized risk manage-ment program of the affiliate, which is reason-ably designed both to monitor and manage the risks associated with the security-based swap and to identify each of the affiliates on whose behalf a security-based swap was entered into.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1317. I would like to thank the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) 
and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ), both very good members of 
the Financial Services Committee, as well as Ms. F
UDGE and Mr. G IBSON from 
the Agriculture Committee, for their bipartisan work over, frankly, several years to clarify an important provision of title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
H.R. 1317 is necessary to, once and for 
all, provide true relief for businesses that neither caused nor contributed to the financial crisis. The scope of Dodd- Frank’s title VII, which governs the derivatives markets, captured thou-sands upon thousands of unsuspecting businesses who merely want to provide stable prices to their customers and en-sure that there are predictable costs to produce those products. 
While we were able to address one of 
those negative impacts that Dodd- Frank was having on end users earlier this year as part of the TRIA Reau-thorization, nonfinancial end users, re-grettably, are still subject to the oner-ous and costly requirements of title VII. 
As long as a nonfinancial company 
uses a central treasury unit to consoli-date their derivatives positions, H.R. 1317 will exempt the company’s affili-ates and subsidiaries from having to comply with title VII’s many require-ments. 
As many know, the House of Rep-
resentatives last December unani-mously passed a substantially similar bill to provide this desperately needed relief. Unfortunately, that bill met with the same fate so many other bi-partisan bills that have been produced by the Financial Services Committee and the House: they passed on a good- faith, bipartisan basis but, unfortu-nately, have been disregarded by the Senate. 
Despite the significant differences 
between internal businesses or inter-af-filiate derivatives trade and deriva-tives between unrelated counterpar-ties, the Dodd-Frank Act treats all trades the same, which needlessly in-crease the cost of hedging risk for end users such as manufacturers, chemical companies, and utility companies, who, in turn, would do what, Mr. Speaker? 
Regrettably, pass those increased 
costs and market fluctuations on to their customers. 
In fact, Tom Quaadman, of the U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce’s Center for Capital Markets Competitiveness, noted during the legislative hearing on H.R. 1317 that ‘‘without this critical bi-partisan language, end users and con-sumers would face increased costs, and companies may be forced to abandon proven and efficient methods for man-aging their risk.’’ 
H.R. 1317 is not for Wall Street; it is 
clearly for Main Street, and I hope all my colleagues will join me in sup-porting this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.026 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8221 November 16, 2015 
I do want to thank the chairman for 
his patience in getting this over the line. Hopefully, the Senate will see it our way this time. 
I also want to thank the ranking 
member, Ms. W
ATERS , for her diligence 
in working to get this legislation to the floor and, of course, my friend from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ), for working with 
me on this bill. All of them have been tremendous partners. 
A long, long, long, long time ago, Mr. 
S
TIVERS shook my hand and said that 
he would continue to work with me until we got this legislation right, and he made good on his word. 
I also want to thank my friends on 
the Agriculture Committee, the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ) and the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. G IB-
SON). I credit all of these colleagues 
with helping this bill pass the Finan-cial Services Committee 57–0, and the Agriculture Committee by voice vote. 
We have a bill that sort of works for 
everyone: business, consumer groups, and regulators. 
These central treasury units, Mr. 
Speaker, are financial affiliates of commercial companies. They are, in-deed, the corporate best practices be-cause they permit efficient aggregation of the risk of a corporate entity and provide for a single point of contact be-tween the company and financial counterparties. 
This legislation appropriately treats 
central treasury units like other inter- affiliate transactions in the aggrega-tion and monitoring of risk in busi-nesses, which is exactly what the end user exemption in Dodd-Frank always intended. 
For example, if you are a company, 
you have many inputs and outputs that require you to hedge, like wheat in beer-making or aluminum cans in beer- making, and you need to make sure that you hedge and lock in the price before production. 
This bill permits the CTU to transact 
hedging transactions under the Dodd- Frank end user exemption as principal and as an agent, which is the logic that the CFTC agrees with. The legislation enshrines that logic into statute with appropriate flexibility for the regu-lator and companies. 
So I urge all my colleagues to sup-
port H.R. 1317. We need to get this leg-islation across the finish line to the President’s desk because our end users need this in order to conduct business. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT), an outstanding member 
of the Agriculture committee. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1317. This bill makes targeted reforms that narrowly expand end user clearing relief to preserve the ability of end users to utilize necessary risk manage-ment tools in line with congressional intent. This House most recently passed 
similar language as part of the Agri-culture Committee’s comprehensive re-authorization of the CFTC. Today’s suspension is another step forward in a bipartisan effort to protect end users from the unintended regulatory con-sequences that have begun to occur. 
The derivatives market provides an 
efficient place for commercial end users to manage and hedge the diverse risks associated with the day-to-day operations of the businesses in this country. These essential risk-manage-ment practices allow businesses like our agricultural producers or utility companies to protect themselves against unfavorable market fluctua-tions and to invest their resources to grow and create jobs. 
As someone who has a degree in risk 
management, I can’t stress enough that effective policy in the derivative space must take into account these ef-ficient and proven business strategies. That is why Congress clearly sought to exempt the end users from the law’s costly and burdensome clearing re-quirements in the drafting of the Dodd- Frank legislation. 
Unfortunately, despite these efforts, 
current law does not adequately take into account the common risk-manage-ment practices of many companies who utilize separate legal entities known as centralized treasury units, or CTUs, to hedge the risk of their end user affili-ates. 
CTUs are used by a variety of busi-
nesses to centralize the hedging activi-ties of multiple affiliates into a single market-facing entity. While a CTU is appropriately classified as a ‘‘financial entity,’’ the transaction it enters into to hedge the commercial market risk of the end user affiliates should also be exempted from the clearing require-ment as if the end user affiliate had hedged those risks itself. 
This allows firms to use CTUs to con-
solidate and reduce enterprisewide risk, as well as to centralize hedging expertise. While current law provides clearing exemptions for CTUs that act as an ‘‘agent’’ for affiliates, the exemp-tion does not currently extend to CTUs that practice as a ‘‘principal’’ to the trades which manage the end user risks of commercial affiliates. 
As most CTUS act as principals to 
the transactions hedging the risks of end user affiliates, this glitch in the law effectively prohibits commercial end users who utilize CTUs from ac-cessing the end user clearing excep-tion. 
b2000 
H.R. 1317 makes targeted but impor-
tant statutory changes to clarify that the law’s essential end user clearing exception remains available for all end users, regardless of their corporate structure. 
As policymakers, it is our responsi-
bility to ensure that regulation does not pose an unnecessary detriment to legitimate business practices. H.R. 1317 is an opportunity for us to resolve one 
of those issues today. This bill provides needed reforms to ensure our regu-latory framework protects the integ-rity of our markets while allowing end user access to the tools needed to con-duct their businesses. 
A large bipartisan group of Members 
from all points of the ideological spec-trum have worked diligently to produce this legislation which passed unanimously out of both the House Fi-nancial Services and the Agriculture Committees. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to close by 
thanking each of them, and specifically Representatives M
OORE , S TIVERS , 
FUDGE , and G IBSON , for their hard 
work. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1317. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no further speakers, but I just wish to urge all of my colleagues to support, again, a very bipartisan and very commonsense bill. This relief is needed for end users for proper risk management. It will indeed help these companies with economic growth. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my 
colleagues to support the legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1317, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EQUITY IN GOVERNMENT 
COMPENSATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2036) to suspend the current compensation packages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2036 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Equity in 
Government Compensation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means 
the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. 
(2) E
NTERPRISE .—The term ‘‘enterprise’’ 
means— 
(A) the Federal National Mortgage Asso-
ciation and any affiliate thereof; and 
(B) the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor-
poration and any affiliate thereof. 
SEC. 3. REASONABLE PAY FOR CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICERS. 
(a) S USPENSION OF CURRENT COMPENSATION  
PACKAGE AND LIMITATION .—The Director 
shall suspend the compensation packages ap-proved for 2015 for the chief executive offi-cers of each enterprise and, in lieu of such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.091 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8222 November 16, 2015 
packages, subject to the limitation under 
subsection (b), establish the compensation and benefits for each such chief executive of-ficer at the same level in effect for such offi-cer as of January 1, 2015, and such compensa-tion and benefits may not thereafter be in-creased. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON BONUSES .—Subsection (a) 
shall not be construed to affect the applica-bility of section 16 of the STOCK Act (12 U.S.C. 4518a) to the chief executive officer of each enterprise. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) shall 
only apply to a chief executive officer of an enterprise if the enterprise is in conservator-ship or receivership pursuant to section 1367 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4617). 
SEC. 4. FANNIE AND FREDDIE CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICERS NOT FEDERAL EMPLOY-EES. 
Any chief executive officer affected by any 
provision under section 3 shall not be consid-ered a Federal employee. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gen-
tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M OORE ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 
2036, the Equity in Government Com-pensation Act. I would like to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) for his diligent work to craft 
the language which is the basis for this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 2036 will simply rein-
state the limits on the salaries of the CEOs at the government-sponsored en-terprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that were eliminated earlier this year. 
Since entering a Federal con-
servatorship in September of 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have re-ceived nearly $187.5 billion in taxpayer money making the GSE conservator-ship by far the costliest of all taxpayer bailouts due to the financial crisis. 
This is not the first time there has 
been public outcry over the compensa-tion of Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s CEOs during their conservatorship. Following several years of substantial salaries and bonuses, congressional and public concern caused then-FHFA Di-rector Ed DeMarco to cap the com-pensation for the GSE’s chief execu-tives at $600,000. Earlier this year, now- FHFA Director Mel Watt repealed those salary caps allowing the GSEs to raise their CEO pay to as much as the 25th percentile of comparable compa-nies. This ultimately allowed both GSEs to increase their CEO pay from 
the previous cap of $600,000 to $4 mil-lion annually, all at the expense of the American taxpayer who is still backing these institutions. 
Director Watt’s decision to eliminate 
the salary caps has provoked dis-approval not only from Members of Congress but the administration as well. Notably, both the Treasury De-partment and the White House opposed FHFA’s decision to raise the GSE’s CEO pay. Treasury recommended that ‘‘existing limits on compensation con-tinue given the taxpayers’ ongoing backstop of both enterprises.’’ 
Additionally, White House Press Sec-
retary Josh Earnest expressed the White House’s opposition, adding that ‘‘the reason that these entities are dif-ferent than some of the financial enti-ties that you see in the private sector is they benefit significantly from a backstop that is provided by the tax-payers. And because of that taxpayer assistance, I think it is entirely legiti-mate for the executives of those insti-tutions to be subject to compensation limits.’’ 
While some claim that the GSEs 
should be able to pay salaries commen-surate with the private sector, these arguments failed to consider that the GSEs have yet to repay their debt to the U.S. taxpayers for their unprece-dented bailouts. The 2015 New York Federal Reserve Bank Staff Report stated that taxpayers are entitled to ‘‘a substantial risk premium,’’ and the government has never collected the commitment fee taxpayers are owed. 
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew con-
curred in his June 17, 2015, testimony before the Financial Services Com-mittee, which I chair, that ‘‘the risk is being borne by taxpayers on an ongo-ing basis, and the conservatorship is not over.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, while Congress con-
tinues to debate the best framework for comprehensive housing finance re-form, enactment of S. 2036 is a positive step forward based on a simple prin-ciple: What people do with their money 
is their business; what they do with taxpayer money is our business. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-
leagues join me in supporting S. 2036. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND  
GOVERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 2243, the Equity in Government Com-pensation Act of 2015. As you know, the Com-mittee on Financial Services received an original referral and the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on May 8, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform will forego ac-tion on the bill. 
The Committee takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 2243 at this time, we do 
not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. 
As you know, I introduced H.R. 1577, the 
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Transparency Act of 2015, which makes those entities sub-ject to the Freedom of Information Act when in conservatorship or receivership. The bill shares the same goal as H.R. 2243 in that it aims to ensure accountability, transparency and fairness within our Government-spon-sored enterprises. The Committee appre-ciates your willingness to examine my bill and work towards its consideration by the full House. 
I would ask that a copy of our exchange of 
letters on H.R. 2243 be included in the bill re-port filed by the Committee on Financial Services, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memo-rialize our understanding. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
U.S. H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, November 16, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chair, Committee on Oversight and Government 
Reform. 
DEARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : Thank you for 
your November 16th letter regarding H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Compensa-tion Act of 2015.’’ 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forego action on H.R. 2243 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that although you are waiving ac-tion on the bill, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is in no way waiving its jurisdictional interest in this or similar legislation. In addition, if a con-ference is necessary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
Finally, I shall be pleased to review H.R. 
1577, the ‘‘Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac Transparency Act of 2015,’’ for potential ac-tion by the Financial Services Committee. I will also include your letter and this letter in the Committee’s report on H.R. 2243 and in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration of the same. 
Sincerely, 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chair, Committee on Financial Services. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, we under-
stand that FHFA Director Watt is doing everything in his power to con-serve the assets of the GSEs. However, I agree with the chairman, Mr. H
EN-
SARLING , that we disagree that the 
CEOs of these two companies in con-servatorship, whose operations are con-trolled by their regulator, should be paid multimillion-dollar compensation packages. 
The Treasury, which is the GSE’s 
largest shareholder, opposes these pro-posed pay packages for the GSE CEOs, and so do we. So, Mr. Speaker, I there-fore support S. 2036 and would urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no other speak-
ers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.030 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8223 November 16, 2015 
HILL), a very hardworking member of 
the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HILL. I thank the chairman and 
appreciate his work on bringing this important bill to the floor, and I thank my friend, Chairman R
OYCE , from Cali-
fornia, for sponsoring the House version of this measure, H.R. 2243, and I stand in full support with the Senate version tonight, S. 2036. 
Mr. Speaker, since being placed in 
voluntary conservatorship, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, in my judg-ment, has really abdicated their re-sponsibility with the Treasury in act-ing truly as a conservator. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have received almost $200 billion in government assistance, by far our costliest taxpayer bailout resulting from the financial crisis. 
This is also not the first time that 
the GSEs, the government-sponsored enterprises, were placed in con-servatorship and that the FHFA has been scrutinized for awarding increased pay to the CEOs. That has been pre-viously discussed in detail here. And largely in response to that criticism of FHFA’s failure to properly administer these entities in conservatorship, the GSE’s CEO compensation was capped in 2012 at $600,000. Now, miraculously, they are being approved for millions in pay increases despite the fact that these entities are still, Mr. Speaker, in conservatorship. 
It is for that reason, Mr. Speaker, on 
July 30 that I wrote Mel Watt, the Di-rector of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and awarded him my monthly Golden Fleece Award for poor steward-ship of taxpayer resources. I include my letter to Mr. Watt in the R
ECORD . 
JULY30, 2015. 
Hon. M ELWATT, 
Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency, Washington, DC. 
D
EARDIRECTOR WATT: I write today to in-
form you of my recent Golden Fleece Award to the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) for its approval of approximately $4 million in raises for each of the CEOs of the government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. 
Since being placed in voluntary con-
servatorship by FHFA in 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have received almost $200 billion in government assistance, by far the costliest taxpayer bailout resulting from the financial crisis. This is also not the first time since the GSEs were placed in con-servatorship that FHFA has been scrutinized for awarding increased pay to their CEOs. In 2009, FHFA approved $42 million in pay pack-ages to the GSEs’ top 12 executives. In 2011, FHFA approved $12.79 million in bonus pay for some of the top executives at Fannie and Freddie. Largely in response to this criti-cism, the GSEs’ CEO compensation was capped in 2012 at $600,000. 
Both the U.S. Treasury Department and 
the White House have also opposed FHFA’s decision to raise Fannie and Freddie CEOs’ salaries. Specifically, Treasury rec-ommended that ‘‘existing limits on com-pensation continue given the taxpayers’ on-going backstop of both enterprises,’’ while White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest stated that ‘‘the reason that these entities are different than some of the financial enti-ties that you see in the private sector is they benefit significantly from a backstop that’s provided by that taxpayers. And because of 
that taxpayer assistance, I think it is en-tirely legitimate for the executives of those institutions to be subject to compensation limits.’’ Additionally, Treasury Secretary 
Jack Lew stated in his June 17, 2015 testi-mony before the House Financial Services Committee that ‘‘the risk is being borne by taxpayers on an ongoing basis and the con-servatorship is not over.’’ Despite this oppo-sition, FHFA has once again raised these sal-aries to $4 million. 
While the recovery of the housing market 
has helped Fannie and Freddie repay the fed-eral government, and I fully support the pri-vate sector compensating its executives as it sees fit, Fannie and Freddie still have tax-payer backing, are not private companies, and should not be compensated as such. 
While Congress still must work to enact 
necessary reforms to our GSEs, FHFA must be accountable and responsible for ensuring the protection of our hardworking taxpayers’ dollars. I am committed to eradicating this type of inefficient and ineffective policy and regulation by our federal agencies, and to-day’s Golden Fleece highlights the clear lack of judgement by FHFA in approving these raises. I invite your immediate attention to this issue, and please keep me apprised of your efforts at improvement. 
Sincerely, 
F
RENCH HILL, 
Member of Congress. 
Mr. HILL. Treasury Secretary Jack 
Lew has given his opposition, the White House has provided a statement of opposition, and yet Mel Watt con-tinues. It is for these reasons that I fully support the effort of Mr. R
OYCE  
and Mr. V ITTER in capping the com-
pensation until these entities are re-turned to financial health. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the 
day where we can work to have a sus-tainable housing finance system in America, one that is sustainable for homeowners so they are not put into homes they cannot afford to keep; one that is sustainable for our economy, so that we promote economic growth and reduce our tendency to have these re-cessions; and certainly one sustainable for the taxpayers, because the tax-payers should never ever again be called upon to bail out government- sponsored enterprises to the tune of al-most $200 billion. 
Regardless of how effective the cur-
rent CEOs are of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, $4 million compensation packages are not part of a sustainable housing finance system. Again, they are under government conservatorship. The taxpayer is still at risk. This does not pass the smell test, it doesn’t pass the laugh test, and it certainly doesn’t pass the taxpayer protection test. 
So I am very happy with the work by 
the gentleman of California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that provided the House lan-
guage that was underpinning the Sen-ate language that we are debating to-night. I am glad that this is bipartisan. I don’t often find myself in agreement with the administration, but I am pre-pared to take ‘‘yes’’ for an answer, and I urge all of my colleagues to adopt this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, S. 2036. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SUPERSTORM SANDY RELIEF AND 
DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM IM-PROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 208) to improve the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Admin-istration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments 
is as follows: 
Senate amendments: 
Ω1æOn page 2, strike lines 1 through 5 and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Recovery Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RISE After Disaster Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
DIVISION A—SUPERSTORM SANDY RELIEF 
AND DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM IM-PROVEMENTS 
Sec. 1001. Short title. 
Sec. 1002. Findings. 
TITLE I—DISASTER ASSISTANCE 
IMPROVEMENTS 
1101. Revised disaster deadline. 
1102. Use of physical damage disaster loans to 
construct safe rooms. 
1103. Reducing delays on closing and disburse-
ment of loans. 
1104. Safeguarding taxpayer interests and in-
creasing transparency in loan ap-provals. 
1105. Disaster plan improvements. 
DIVISION B—RECOVERY IMPROVEMENTS 
FOR SMALL ENTITIES 
Sec. 2001. Short title. 
TITLE I—IMPROVEMENTS OF DISASTER 
RESPONSE AND LOANS 
Sec. 2101. Additional awards to small business 
development centers, women’s business centers, and SCORE for disaster recovery. 
Sec. 2102. Collateral requirements for disaster 
loans. 
Sec. 2103. Assistance to out-of-State business 
concerns to aid in disaster recov-ery. 
Sec. 2104. FAST program. Sec. 2105. Use of Federal surplus property in 
disaster areas. 
Sec. 2106. Recovery opportunity loans. Sec. 2107. Contractor malfeasance. Sec. 2108. Local contracting preferences and in-
centives. 
Sec. 2109. Clarification of collateral require-
ments. 
TITLE II—DISASTER PLANNING AND 
MITIGATION 
Sec. 2201. Business recovery centers. 
TITLE III—OTHER PROVISIONS 
Sec. 2301. Increased oversight of economic in-
jury disaster loans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.096 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8224 November 16, 2015 
Sec. 2302. GAO report on paperwork reduction. 
Sec. 2303. Report on web portal for disaster 
loan applicants. 
DIVISION A—SUPERSTORM SANDY RELIEF 
AND DISASTER LOAN PROGRAM IM-PROVEMENTS 
SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Superstorm 
Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan Program Im-provement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. FINDINGS. 
Ω2æOn page 3, strike line 5 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE I—DISASTER ASSISTANCE 
IMPROVEMENTS 
SEC. 1101. REVISED DISASTER DEADLINE. 
Ω3æOn page 3, line 14, insert ‘‘nonprofit enti-
ty,’’ after ‘‘homeowner,’’. 
Ω4æOn page 4, line 9, strike the quotation 
marks and the second period and insert the following: 
‘‘(C) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 6 months after the date on which the Ad-ministrator begins carrying out this authority, the Inspector General of the Administration shall initiate a review of the controls for ensur-ing applicant eligibility for loans made under this paragraph.’’. 
Ω5æOn page 4, line 10, strike ‘‘
SEC. 4.’’ and in-
sert ‘‘ SEC. 1102. ’’. 
Ω6æOn page 4, line 24, insert ‘‘, if such safe 
room or similar storm shelter is constructed in accordance with applicable standards issued by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency’’ after ‘‘disasters’’. 
Ω7æOn page 5, strike lines 1 through 21 and 
insert the following: 
SEC. 1103. REDUCING DELAYS ON CLOSING AND 
DISBURSEMENT OF LOANS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (9) the following: 
Ω8æOn page 5, line 22, strike ‘‘(11)’’ and insert 
‘‘(10)’’. 
Ω9æOn page 6, strike lines 5 through 8 and in-
sert the following: 
SEC. 1104. SAFEGUARDING TAXPAYER INTERESTS 
AND INCREASING TRANSPARENCY IN LOAN APPROVALS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (10), as added by section 1103 of this Act, the fol-lowing: 
Ω10æOn page 6, line 9, strike ‘‘(12)’’ and insert 
‘‘(11)’’. 
Ω11æBeginning on page 6, strike line 14 and 
all that follows through page 7, line 20, and insert the following: 
SEC. 1105. DISASTER PLAN IMPROVEMENTS. 
Ω12æBeginning on page 8, strike line 6 and all 
that follows through page 9, line 6, and insert the following: 
DIVISION B—RECOVERY IMPROVEMENTS 
FOR SMALL ENTITIES 
SECTION 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Recovery 
Improvements for Small Entities After Disaster Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘RISE After Disaster Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE I—IMPROVEMENTS OF DISASTER 
RESPONSE AND LOANS 
SEC. 2101. ADDITIONAL AWARDS TO SMALL BUSI-
NESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS, WOMEN’S BUSINESS CENTERS, AND SCORE FOR DISASTER RECOVERY. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (11), as added by section 1104 of this Act, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(12) A
DDITIONAL AWARDS TO SMALL BUSINESS  
DEVELOPMENT CENTERS , WOMEN ’S BUSINESS CEN -
TERS, AND SCORE FOR DISASTER RECOVERY .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administration may 
provide financial assistance to a small business development center, a women’s business center described in section 29, the Service Corps of Re-tired Executives, or any proposed consortium of such individuals or entities to spur disaster re-covery and growth of small business concerns located in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster. 
‘‘(B) F
ORM OF FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—Finan-
cial assistance provided under this paragraph shall be in the form of a grant, contract, or co-operative agreement. 
‘‘(C) N
O MATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .—Match-
ing funds shall not be required for any grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this paragraph. 
‘‘(D) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A recipient of financial 
assistance under this paragraph shall provide counseling, training, and other related services, such as promoting long-term resiliency, to small business concerns and entrepreneurs impacted by a major disaster. 
‘‘(E) P
ERFORMANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in co-
operation with the recipients of financial assist-ance under this paragraph, shall establish metrics and goals for performance of grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements under this paragraph, which shall include recovery of sales, recovery of employment, reestablishment of business premises, and establishment of new small business concerns. 
‘‘(ii) U
SE OF ESTIMATES .—The Administrator 
shall base the goals and metrics for performance established under clause (i), in part, on the esti-mates of disaster impact prepared by the Office of Disaster Assistance for purposes of estimating loan-making requirements. 
‘‘(F) T
ERM.— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term of any grant, con-
tract, or cooperative agreement under this para-graph shall be for not more than 2 years. 
‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION .—The Administrator may 
make 1 extension of a grant, contract, or cooper-ative agreement under this paragraph for a pe-riod of not more than 1 year, upon a showing of good cause and need for the extension. 
‘‘(G) E
XEMPTION FROM OTHER PROGRAM RE -
QUIREMENTS .—Financial assistance provided 
under this paragraph is in addition to, and wholly separate from, any other form of assist-ance provided by the Administrator under this Act. 
‘‘(H) C
OMPETITIVE BASIS .—The Administration 
shall award financial assistance under this paragraph on a competitive basis.’’. 
SEC. 2102. COLLATERAL REQUIREMENTS FOR DIS-
ASTER LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(d)(6) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(d)(6)) is amended in the third proviso— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$14,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$25,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘major disaster’’ and inserting 
‘‘disaster’’. 
(b) S
UNSET .—Effective on the date that is 3 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, section 7(d)(6) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(d)(6)) is amended in the third pro-viso— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$14,000’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘major’’ before ‘‘disaster’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days before 
the date on which the amendments made by sub-section (b) are to take effect, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall sub-mit to Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on the effects of the amendments made by subsection (a), which shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the impact and benefits 
resulting from the amendments; and 
(2) a recommendation as to whether the 
amendments should be made permanent. SEC. 2103. ASSISTANCE TO OUT-OF-STATE BUSI-
NESS CONCERNS TO AID IN DIS-ASTER RECOVERY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 21(b)(3) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(b)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(3) At the discretion’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(3) A SSISTANCE TO OUT -OF-STATE SMALL BUSI -
NESS CONCERNS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the discretion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) D
ISASTER RECOVERY ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—At the discretion of the Ad-
ministrator, the Administrator may authorize a small business development center to provide ad-vice, information, and assistance, as described in subsection (c), to a small business concern lo-cated outside of the State, without regard to ge-ographic proximity to the small business devel-opment center, if the small business concern is located in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster. 
‘‘(ii) T
ERM.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—A small business develop-
ment center may provide advice, information, and assistance to a small business concern under clause (i) for a period of not more than 2 years after the date on which the President de-clared a major disaster for the area in which the small business concern is located. 
‘‘(II) E
XTENSION .—The Administrator may, at 
the discretion of the Administrator, extend the period described in subclause (I). 
‘‘(iii) C
ONTINUITY OF SERVICES .—A small busi-
ness development center that provides coun-selors to an area described in clause (i) shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure con-tinuity of services in any State in which the small business development center otherwise provides services. 
‘‘(iv) A
CCESS TO DISASTER RECOVERY FACILI -
TIES.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable, permit the personnel of a small business development center to use any site or facility designated by the Administrator for use to provide disaster recovery assistance.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that, subject to the availability of funds, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration should, to the extent practicable, ensure that a small business development center is appropriately reimbursed for any legitimate expenses incurred in carrying out activities under section 21(b)(3)(B) of the Small Business Act, as added by subsection (a). 
SEC. 2104. FAST PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 34(a) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(9) as paragraphs (4) through (10), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
ATASTROPHIC INCIDENT .—The term ‘cat-
astrophic incident’ means a major disaster that is comparable to the description of a cata-strophic incident in the National Response Plan of the Administration, or any successor there-to.’’. 
(b) P
RIORITY .—Section 34(c)(2) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d(c)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)(vi)(III), by striking 
the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) shall give special consideration to an ap-
plicant that is located in an area affected by a catastrophic incident.’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 34(c) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657d(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR CATA -
STROPHIC INCIDENTS .—Upon application by an 
applicant that receives an award or has in ef-fect a cooperative agreement under this section and that is located in an area affected by a cat-astrophic incident, the Administrator may— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.035 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8225 November 16, 2015 
‘‘(A) provide additional assistance to the ap-
plicant; and 
‘‘(B) waive the matching requirements under 
subsection (e)(2).’’. 
SEC. 2105. USE OF FEDERAL SURPLUS PROPERTY 
IN DISASTER AREAS. 
Section 7(j)(13)(F) of the Small Business Act 
(15 U.S.C. 636(j)(13)(F)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘(F)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii)(I) In this clause— ‘‘(aa) the term ‘covered period’ means the 2- 
year period beginning on the date on which the President declared the applicable major disaster; and 
‘‘(bb) the term ‘disaster area’ means the area 
for which the President has declared a major disaster, during the covered period. 
‘‘(II) The Administrator may transfer tech-
nology or surplus property under clause (i) on a priority basis to a small business concern lo-cated in a disaster area if— 
‘‘(aa) the small business concern meets the re-
quirements for such a transfer, without regard to whether the small business concern is a Pro-gram Participant; and 
‘‘(bb) for a small business concern that is a 
Program Participant, on and after the date on which the President declared the applicable major disaster, the small business concern has not received property under this subparagraph on the basis of the status of the small business concern as a Program Participant. 
‘‘(III) For any transfer of property under this 
clause to a small business concern, the terms and conditions shall be the same as a transfer to a Program Participant, except that the small business concern shall agree not to sell or trans-fer the property to any party other than the Federal Government during the covered period. 
‘‘(IV) A small business concern that receives a 
transfer of property under this clause may not receive a transfer of property under clause (i) during the covered period. 
‘‘(V) If a small business concern sells or trans-
fers property in violation of the agreement de-scribed in subclause (III), the Administrator may initiate proceedings to prohibit the small business concern from receiving a transfer of property under this clause or clause (i), in addi-tion to any other remedy available to the Ad-ministrator.’’. 
SEC. 2106. RECOVERY OPPORTUNITY LOANS. 
Section 7(a)(31) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(a)(31)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) 
as clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting before clause (ii), as so redes-
ignated, the following: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘disaster area’ means the area 
for which the President has declared a major disaster, during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the declaration.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) R
ECOVERY OPPORTUNITY LOANS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
guarantee an express loan to a small business concern located in a disaster area in accordance with this subparagraph. 
‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUMS .—For a loan guaranteed 
under clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) the maximum loan amount is $150,000; 
and 
‘‘(II) the guarantee rate shall be not more 
than 85 percent. 
‘‘(iii) O VERALL CAP .—A loan guaranteed 
under clause (i) shall not be counted in deter-mining the amount of loans made to a borrower for purposes of subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(iv) O
PERATIONS .—A small business concern 
receiving a loan guaranteed under clause (i) shall certify that the small business concern was in operation on the date on which the applica-ble major disaster occurred as a condition of re-ceiving the loan. 
‘‘(v) R
EPAYMENT ABILITY .—A loan guaranteed 
under clause (i) may only be made to a small business concern that demonstrates, to the satis-
faction of the Administrator, sufficient capacity to repay the loan. 
‘‘(vi) T
IMING OF PAYMENT OF GUARANTEES .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date on which a request for purchase is filed with the Administrator, the Administrator shall determine whether to pay the guaranteed por-tion of the loan. 
‘‘(II) R
ECAPTURE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, unless there is a subse-quent finding of fraud by a court of competent jurisdiction relating to a loan guaranteed under clause (i), on and after the date that is 6 months after the date on which the Administrator deter-mines to pay the guaranteed portion of the loan, the Administrator may not attempt to recapture the paid guarantee. 
‘‘(vii) F
EES.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Unless the Administrator 
has waived the guarantee fee that would other-wise be collected by the Administrator under paragraph (18) for a loan guaranteed under clause (i), and except as provided in subclause (II), the guarantee fee for the loan shall be equal to the guarantee fee that the Adminis-trator would collect if the guarantee rate for the loan was 50 percent. 
‘‘(II) E
XCEPTION .—Subclause (I) shall not 
apply if the cost of carrying out the program under this subsection in a fiscal year is more than zero and such cost is directly attributable to the cost of guaranteeing loans under clause (i). 
‘‘(viii) R
ULES.—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Administrator shall promulgate rules to carry out this subparagraph.’’. 
SEC. 2107. CONTRACTOR MALFEASANCE. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (12), as added by section 2101 of this Act, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(13) S
UPPLEMENTAL ASSISTANCE FOR CON -
TRACTOR MALFEASANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If a contractor or other 
person engages in malfeasance in connection with repairs to, rehabilitation of, or replacement of real or personal property relating to which a loan was made under this subsection and the malfeasance results in substantial economic damage to the recipient of the loan or substan-tial risks to health or safety, upon receiving documentation of the substantial economic dam-age or the substantial risk to health and safety from an independent loss verifier, and subject to subparagraph (B), the Administrator may in-crease the amount of the loan under this sub-section, as necessary for the cost of repairs, re-habilitation, or replacement needed to address the cause of the economic damage or health or safety risk. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator may 
only increase the amount of a loan under sub-paragraph (A) upon receiving an appropriate certification from the borrower and person per-forming the mitigation attesting to the reason-ableness of the mitigation costs and an assign-ment of any proceeds received from the person engaging in the malfeasance. The assignment of proceeds recovered from the person engaging in the malfeasance shall be equal to the amount of the loan under this section. Any mitigation ac-tivities shall be subject to audit and inde-pendent verification of completeness and cost reasonableness.’’. 
SEC. 2108. LOCAL CONTRACTING PREFERENCES 
AND INCENTIVES. 
Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
644) is amended by inserting after subsection (e) the following: 
‘‘(f) C
ONTRACTING PREFERENCE FOR SMALL  
BUSINESS CONCERNS IN A MAJOR DISASTER  
AREA.— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘disaster area’ means the area for which the President has declared a major disaster, during 
the period of the declaration. 
‘‘(2) C ONTRACTING PREFERENCE .—An agency 
shall provide a contracting preference for a small business concern located in a disaster area if the small business concern will perform the work required under the contract in the disaster area. 
‘‘(3) C
REDIT FOR MEETING CONTRACTING  
GOALS .—If an agency awards a contract to a 
small business concern under the circumstances described in paragraph (2), the value of the con-tract shall be doubled for purposes of deter-mining compliance with the goals for procure-ment contracts under subsection (g)(1)(A).’’. 
SEC. 2109. CLARIFICATION OF COLLATERAL RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
Section 7(d)(6) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(d)(6)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘which are made under paragraph (1) of sub-section (b)’’ the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That the Administrator, in obtaining the best available collateral for a loan of not more than $200,000 under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) relating to damage to or destruction of the property of, or economic injury to, a small busi-ness concern, shall not require the owner of the small business concern to use the primary resi-dence of the owner as collateral if the Adminis-trator determines that the owner has other as-sets of equal quality and with a value equal to or greater than the amount of the loan that could be used as collateral for the loan: Pro-vided further, That nothing in the preceding proviso may be construed to reduce the amount of collateral required by the Administrator in connection with a loan described in the pre-ceding proviso or to modify the standards used to evaluate the quality (rather than the type) of such collateral’’. 
TITLE II—DISASTER PLANNING AND 
MITIGATION 
SEC. 2201. BUSINESS RECOVERY CENTERS. 
Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter following paragraph (13), as added by section 2108 of this Act, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(14) B
USINESS RECOVERY CENTERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator, acting 
through the district offices of the Administra-tion, shall identify locations that may be used as recovery centers by the Administration in the event of a disaster declared under this sub-section or a major disaster. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR IDENTIFICATION .— 
Each district office of the Administration shall— 
‘‘(i) identify a location described in subpara-
graph (A) in each county, parish, or similar unit of general local government in the area served by the district office; and 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the locations identified under 
subparagraph (A) may be used as a recovery center without cost to the Government, to the extent practicable.’’. 
TITLE III—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 2301. INCREASED OVERSIGHT OF ECONOMIC 
INJURY DISASTER LOANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(b) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) is amended by inserting before the undesignated matter fol-lowing paragraph (14), as added by section 2201 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘(15) I
NCREASED OVERSIGHT OF ECONOMIC IN -
JURY DISASTER LOANS .—The Administrator shall 
increase oversight of entities receiving loans under paragraph (2), and may consider— 
‘‘(A) scheduled site visits to ensure borrower 
eligibility and compliance with requirements es-tablished by the Administrator; and 
‘‘(B) reviews of the use of the loan proceeds 
by an entity described in paragraph (2) to en-sure compliance with requirements established by the Administrator.’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TOUSING 
EXISTING FUNDS.—It is the sense of Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.035 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8226 November 16, 2015 
that no additional Federal funds should be 
made available to carry out the amendments made by this section. 
SEC. 2302. GAO REPORT ON PAPERWORK REDUC-
TION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report evalu-ating steps that the Small Business Administra-tion has taken, with respect to the application for disaster assistance under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)), to comply with subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’) and related guid-ance. 
SEC. 2303. REPORT ON WEB PORTAL FOR DIS-
ASTER LOAN APPLICANTS. 
Section 38 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 
657j) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON WEBPORTAL FOR DISASTER  
LOANAPPLICATION STATUS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this subsection, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report relating to the creation of a web portal to the track the sta-tus of applications for disaster assistance under section 7(b). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) information on the progress of the Ad-
ministration in implementing the information system under subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) recommendations from the Administra-
tion relating to the creation of a web portal for applicants to check the status of an application for disaster assistance under section 7(b), in-cluding a review of best practices and web por-tal models from the private sector; 
‘‘(C) information on any related costs or staff-
ing needed to implement such a web portal; 
‘‘(D) information on whether such a web por-
tal can maintain high standards for data pri-vacy and data security; 
‘‘(E) information on whether such a web por-
tal will minimize redundancy among Adminis-tration disaster programs, improve management of the number of inquiries made by disaster ap-plicants to employees located in the area af-fected by the disaster and to call centers, and reduce paperwork burdens on disaster victims; and 
‘‘(F) such additional information as is deter-
mined necessary by the Administrator.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, on July 13, this Cham-
ber overwhelmingly passed H.R. 208, which was a corrective measure for 
those who suffered twice: first, by a disaster and, second, by the SBA’s in-ability to provide disaster assistance. Since that time, we have experienced more natural disasters, with the Presi-dent issuing major disaster declara-tions for the wildfires in California and across the country in South Carolina for the severe storms and flooding that recently occurred. 
As we know too well, a major natural 
disaster can happen anywhere, at any time, and to anyone in this great Na-tion. A natural disaster exposes us to the worst nature has to offer, yet it of-tentimes brings out the best in people. Communities band together, neighbors help neighbors, and volunteers donate their time and energy, all in an effort to rebuild. 
Over the last decade, America has 
faced some of its worst natural disas-ters, with Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and, more recently, Hurricane Sandy in 2012. 
In the aftermath of any disaster, it is 
imperative that Federal Government programs operate efficiently and effec-tively so victims are able to rebuild and return their lives to normal as soon as possible. 
Following both Hurricane Katrina 
and Hurricane Sandy, there have been startling reports regarding the Small Business Administration’s inability to properly administer the disaster loan program. The bill before us today, as amended by the Senate, has the great fortune of being authored by two indi-viduals who have seen firsthand how challenging the SBA disaster loan process is in the aftermath of these catastrophic storms. 
The amendment we seek to concur in 
today comes from Senator V
ITTER , the 
chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, who, as we all know, represents the great State of Louisiana, which was devastated by Hurricane Katrina. Sen-ator V
ITTER ’s amendment strengthens 
the already strong underlying bill, which was authored by our commit-tee’s ranking member, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , 
whose district in New York City was ravaged by Superstorm Sandy. 
I would like to thank them both for 
their leadership and hard work on these issues and for working together to craft legislation which takes into account the needs of disaster victims and taxpayers. 
b2015 
This amendment further ensures that 
the SBA will be able to respond quickly to the needs of disaster victims. It makes commonsense improvements to the program, such as allowing SBA’s resource partners who already have a presence in the disaster area to engage with small businesses as soon as the area is declared a disaster, meaning small businesses can resume operating faster and getting people back to work. 
It also recognizes that sometimes 
those resource partners will have been affected by the disaster and allows 
small-business development centers, SBDCs, from other States to go into af-fected areas temporarily and to aid vic-tims. I know in my home district, Ohio’s First District, having Kentucky so close, this would be essential if ei-ther State’s SBDC suffered due to a natural disaster. 
Further, the amendment builds on 
the underlying bill’s concerns regard-ing the SBA’s struggle with electronic disaster loan applications following Superstorm Sandy. This amendment ensures that Congress will be informed of the status of the electronic applica-tion web portal so that we can provide oversight and prevent failures that happened in previous disasters from re-curring. These changes, among others, will ensure that the SBA is fully capa-ble of responding to the next disaster. 
Again, I want to offer a special 
thanks to our committee’s ranking member, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , for her in-
sight and leadership on this issue and for working in a bipartisan, bicameral manner, as she does. 
I have seen that as chair of the Small 
Business Committee that I chair now, but I have also been the ranking mem-ber under her when she was chair, and it was always bipartisan. We have worked together in a very collegial manner, and I thank her for that. 
I want to thank her for this bill and 
developing it. It will help to ensure those affected by disasters can rebuild quickly and that the interests of the taxpayers are protected. This legisla-tion, as amended and passed by the Senate, has broad bipartisan support. 
I urge my colleagues to support and 
concur on H.R. 208, as amended by the Senate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, when Hurricane Sandy 
made landfall in 2012, New York City was one of the hardest hit areas. Thou-sands of homes suffered damage, infra-structure was disrupted, and our city’s small businesses were impacted phys-ically and economically. 
After a disaster like this, it is not 
uncommon for as many as 40 percent of impacted small businesses to fail, de-pressing commerce and slowing the community’s recovery. 
The Small Business Administration’s 
disaster lending functions are meant to provide quick credit to small busi-nesses and homeowners that have been impacted by catastrophes. 
With entrepreneurs’ and home-
owners’ livelihoods at stake, it is vital that the SBA’s disaster programs oper-ate effectively. That is why in 2008, after Katrina, Congress passed reforms meant to improve SBA’s disaster re-sponse. 
It became evident following Hurri-
cane Sandy that there is still much work to be done. The Government Ac-countability Office, the inspector gen-eral, and Small Business Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.035 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8227 November 16, 2015 
Democrats have all documented short-
comings in SBA’s administration of the disaster loan program. 
Our committee found, for instance, 
that small businesses waited 46 days to get their application processed by SBA, a threefold increase over previous At-lantic storms. The IG found the agency lacked clear guidance which resulted in confusion for borrowers, inconsistent application of underwriting criteria, and loans going to ineligible entities. 
H.R. 208 addresses these short-
comings and ensures those affected by Hurricane Sandy are treated fairly. To begin, the bill would allow businesses to apply again for loans. As SBA was so unprepared for a disaster of this scale, it is important that those impacted have another chance at securing assist-ance. 
This bill would also correct many of 
the problems identified by the IG. SBA will be required to provide up-front no-tification to borrowers on necessary documentation as well as establish clear written policies for loan officers. By clearing up confusion for both bor-rowers and SBA staff, H.R. 208 will en-sure funds flow more swiftly to busi-nesses after future catastrophes. 
Lastly, the measure incorporates a 
number of bipartisan reforms from our Senate colleagues. Under these provi-sions, for instance, businesses would no longer be prohibited from posting their assets as collateral. This is important as, previously, many entrepreneurs have had to use personal assets for loan collateral. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a truly bipar-
tisan, bicameral effort that focuses on better assisting small businesses im-pacted by natural disasters. 
I want to thank Chairman C
HABOT for 
his leadership and support on this leg-islation. I also wanted to thank Chair-man V
ITTER , Ranking Member S HA-
HEEN , and Senators M ENENDEZ and 
BOOKER for their hard work in crafting 
this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
When disasters strike, getting small 
businesses back on their feet quickly can help local economies recover. For that to happen, the SBA’s disaster lending initiatives must work as in-tended, providing emergency capital to firms that have suffered physical and economical damage. 
H.R. 208 would allow businesses that 
encounter delays to reapply for assist-ance and be made whole. It also im-proves how the agency functions going forward, speeding help to small busi-nesses and homeowners when they are most in need. This is a bipartisan bill, and it will do much good for entre-preneurs impacted by Sandy and for businesses impacted by future disas-ters. 
I want to thank Chairman V
ITTER , 
Ranking Member S HAHEEN , Senators MENENDEZ and B OOKER , and especially 
Chairman C HABOT for working in a bi-
partisan manner to get this bill to the President. 
I also would like to take this oppor-
tunity to thank the staff for the Sen-ate Small Business Committee and our staff for the House Small Business Committee: Adam Minehardt, Justin Pelletier, Emily Murphy, Barry Pinelas, and Corey Cooke. 
I encourage my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, we never 
know when or where the next disaster will strike. But, unfortunately, we do know that there will be another dis-aster. In fact, there will be more disas-ters. Given this, we must ensure that the SBA is truly prepared to help vic-tims in the aftermath of those disas-ters. 
H.R. 208 rights the wrongs imposed 
by the SBA on those who suffered from the effects of Sandy. But H.R. 208 does more than just correct past mistakes. It imposes obligations on the SBA to ensure the agency learns from history and does not repeat those mistakes. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to con-
cur on the Senate amendment H.R. 208. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 208. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
AMERICAN EDUCATION WEEK 
(Mr. HONDA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, this week 
is American Education Week. 
Today I rise to choose my bill, the 
Equity and Excellence in American Education Act, which will move us to-wards a more equitable education fund-ing system. We can wait no longer to act, knowing we are not providing each and every child with a quality edu-cation. 
My legislation is a starting point to 
establish equity as a foundational prin-ciple of our education system, espe-cially in funding. Each and every child deserves to have an enriched education based on equity. Equity acknowledges all children are different with different needs. Equity means supporting fami-lies and students at the beginning with quality preschool and K–5 educational strategies based on equity. 
Rather than saying, ‘‘What can we do 
with the funding we traditionally re-ceive?’’, we instead start with the ques-tion, ‘‘How much do we need to meet the needs of each and every child?’’ and 
build a system which reflects that funding. This will be a challenge, but one we must take on. 
f 
HONORING THE VICTIMS OF THE 
NOVEMBER 13, 2015, TERROR AT-TACK IN PARIS 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I stand in the 
well of the House witnessed by the por-traits of George Washington and his protege, an invaluable ally to America, the Marquis de Lafayette. 
On Friday, November 13, the world 
watched in horror as they witnessed the terrorist attacks in Paris that claimed the lives of 129 civilians from over 15 different countries. 
These brothers and sisters, mothers 
and fathers, friends and loved ones, whose lives were taken away too soon from us and those who were gravely wounded from this attack will not be forgotten. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their families and friends, and the strong resilient people of France. 
This massacre at the hands of bar-
barous terrorists was an attack on the civilized world, and we will not let these horrific actions stand. We stand strong. 
Today the flags at the U.S. Capitol 
fly at half-staff. We stand in solidarity with France, honor the victims of this attack, and in the call to combat this massing menace, place our undying faith in our two democracies bound to-gether by young Lafayette’s faithful and courageous service. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND RONALD B. 
CHRISTIAN 
(Mr. PAYNE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, back in my 
home State of New Jersey, we had the honor of having a going-home celebra-tion for a remarkable individual from my community. He was known as Rev-erend Ron. His name was Ronald B. Christian. 
Reverend Ron’s ministry was unique 
because Reverend Ron looked at the least of us and took them in without judgment to help them with their ills, whether they have drug issues or issues with the criminal justice system. 
He never, never judged because he 
had seen the worst that life could show you because he had gone through some of it himself. And one day God stood him up and said: Now serve my people. 
This great man passed away several 
weeks ago, but I wanted to honor him on the floor of the United States Con-gress. He was a unique individual. He was one of God’s children. 
On the outside of his church, it said 
‘‘Sinners welcome,’’ and he never wavered, and he never turned his back. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.100 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8228 November 16, 2015 
We will miss the Reverend Ronald B. 
Christian from Christian Love Baptist Church. 
f 
b2030 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS 
ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, Pennsylvania’s Fifth Con-gressional District, which I am proud to represent, includes the Allegheny National Forest. The forest covers more than 500,000 acres, and the use of its hardwoods has supported the com-munities of the Elk, Forest, McKean, and Warren Counties for generations. 
Mr. Speaker, since these small towns 
depend on the harvesting of trees from the Allegheny National Forest, I am deeply concerned by the news that, while the amount of timber cut in the forest has increased in recent years, the number sold has sharply declined. 
In fact, timber sales have gone down 
19 percent in the past 5 years. Further-more, a majority of the timber har-vested is being sold as pulp and not as the high-value hardwood which is used to create furniture, flooring, and as ve-neers. 
This is one of the reasons I cospon-
sored the Resilient Federal Forests Act, which passed the House earlier this year, as it would enhance the man-agement efforts in our national forests to make sure our quality hardwoods are being used in the right ways. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS: 
RACE RELATIONS IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. K
ELLY ) is recognized for half 
the remaining time, until 10 p.m., as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
it is my honor and privilege to lead to-night’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. For 60 minutes, we have the opportunity to speak directly to the American people. 
Before we get to business, I do want 
to take a moment to express my condo-lences and the prayers of the Congres-sional Black Caucus and this Congress to our allies in France after Friday night’s attacks in Paris. 
Our hearts go out to the victims and 
their families. No act of terror can shake the resolve of the French people to live free, and nothing will impede 
France’s ability to live prosperously. I want the people of France to know that the American people and this Congress stand in solidarity with the people of France tonight. I say this with full faith and confidence that no act of ter-ror will deter France or the United States from embracing the principles of liberty, equality, and brotherhood. 
Our hearts also go out to those who 
recently lost loved ones and friends in Beirut and Nigeria. 
Mr. Speaker, in this hour, the Con-
gressional Black Caucus will have a conversation with America about the issue of race relations in this country. This isn’t a new topic of discussion. To be honest, I really wish there were no need and no appetite remaining in America so as to have to address this topic. 
It is amazing that the same nation 
that saw pilgrims journey to our shores on the Mayflower and that the same nation that saw Founding Father Ben Franklin make groundbreaking discov-eries in electric science is the same na-tion that was able to land a man on the Moon and harness the electromagnetic spectrum for our mobile devices. We still wrestle with the same problem that confronted Ben Franklin and the Founding Fathers so long ago: the issue of race relations in America. 
As President Obama so eloquently re-
marked, the answer to the slavery question was already embedded within our Constitution—a Constitution that had at its very core the ideal of equal citizenship under the law, a Constitu-tion that promised its people liberty and justice and a union that could be and should be perfected over time. 
Yet these words were not enough to 
deliver slaves from bondage or to pro-vide men and women of every color and creed with their full rights and obliga-tions as citizens of the United States. 
It is this inherited sin that has guid-
ed a national history of challenging race relations in America, from slavery to the Three-Fifths Compromise, to a nation divided and broken over the issue of slavery, to poll taxes and lit-eracy tests, to separate but equal, to Japanese internment, to anti-Semi-tism, to the Tuskegee experiment, to Brown v. The Board of Education, to the loving Confederate flags at State houses, to the Confederate statues in this Capitol, and to parishioners exe-cuted during a Charleston Bible study, executed in the hopes that it would spark a race war. It is the sad truth that, while race relations do not define us as a nation, ignoring and perverting these relations has left a painful blem-ish on our national record. 
Mr. Speaker, many times this year 
the Congressional Black Caucus has come before you in this hour to discuss the issue of Black voter suppression in America, the mass incarceration of Af-rican American males in America, the issue of Black Lives Matter, commu-nity fears over unfair and unequal treatment at the hands of bad apple law enforcement officers, and the eco-
nomic concerns of communities of color. 
These concerns aren’t made up. The 
impact and evidence of these concerns can be found everywhere for proof. Look at Amendments 13 through 15. Look at the issue of African Americans having higher rates of mortality than any other racial ethnic group for 8 of the top 10 causes of death. Look at the Black Lives Matter protests that we have had across the country. These concerns are our reality, and we must know these things to be true. We know more must be done to strengthen our national record on race. 
Tonight I want to use my time to dis-
cuss race relations in America, but I want to do so in a way that looks for-ward and not behind. I want to have a conversation about strengthening our national foundation and about healing the racial wounds of our past. In this conversation about race relations in America, I will highlight areas of need and opportunity that should be exam-ined. Tonight’s conversation should be a strong step toward progress. 
It is my true honor and pleasure to 
coanchor this hour with my distin-guished colleague from New Jersey, a man who has committed his time in Congress to strengthening commu-nities and bridging cultures. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
Jersey, the Honorable D
ONALD PAYNE , 
Jr., my colleague. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from Illinois. It has been as a labor of love that we have represented the Congressional Black Caucus in these Special Order hours this year. 
Our year is coming to a close. As we 
look back at the issues that we have discussed over the course of this year, it has been an honor and a privilege to work alongside my colleague, R. K
ELLY . 
As for tonight’s issue, we have seen 
in recent weeks a number of racially charged incidents that have set off pro-tests on college campuses across the country. From the University of Mis-souri to Yale, students have protested the inadequate responses of their school administrations to racism and 
harassment against minority students. We have seen the failure of many col-lege administrations to properly ad-dress overt racism against minority students on campus. 
Adding to the anxiety felt by these 
students have been threats of violence against African American students and faculty. In many instances, there is a disconnect between students of color and the university leaders. 
In many of these instances, adminis-
trators have openly acknowledged that their responses to minority students have come too late and that their be-havior has failed to take into consider-ation the concerns of students and the injustices against those students. 
This is an extension of the debate 
over interactions—often deadly—be-tween law enforcement and African 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.102 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8229 November 16, 2015 
Americans. Many African Americans 
feel marginalized and unsafe in going about their normal day. 
This year an overarching theme of 
our Special Order hours has been equal-ity and justice. We have discussed how, despite the strides our Nation has made on the journey to a more just so-ciety, minorities are still the subject of racism and racial discrimination and face persistent inequities across the board, from health to income, to crimi-nal justice. 
Through our conversations and 
through the ongoing national debate about racial equality, we are high-lighting how occurrences like those at the University of Missouri are not iso-lated incidents of racism; they are part of a larger system of discrimination. 
There is a history of racial discrimi-
nation, inequality, and bias that still affects African American communities across this Nation. We need to recog-nize this. 
There also needs to be a recognition 
of the pain and anxiety and fears that it creates in some of these young Americans. As we are seeing right now, many minority students feel that they do not have a home on campus. Many minority students are concerned about their safety at school. 
Following reports of threats on social 
media, students at the University of Missouri were afraid to attend classes. All students deserve a safe environ-ment in which to live and learn. We can’t discount the fears of these stu-dents; yet, that is exactly what we see happening. It is why so many students across the country are coalescing in support of racial justice. 
How can we move forward from here? Our national conversation about ra-
cial justice needs to remain ongoing. As a Nation, we must continue to con-front incidents of racism and harass-ment and bring light to the compla-cency that too often enables these oc-currences in the first place. It has to be more than just a conversation. We have to use the voices of our students and of our communities to drive concrete ac-tion on their behalf. 
Schools need to ensure the diversity 
not only of their student bodies, but also of their faculties and staffs to in-crease racial understanding and bring a broader perspective to their institu-tions. 
Schools also need to make sure that 
marginalized students have access to services that enable them to share their experiences and to seek assist-ance to meet their needs. School ad-ministrators need to be held account-able for their failure to make their campuses inclusive and safe for all stu-dents. 
There needs to be an urgency of their 
handling of racial incidents, and any hate crimes or civil rights violations need to be investigated internally and by law enforcement, as appropriate. 
We must never waver in our efforts 
to address racial disparities and to eliminate racism in our country. The Congressional Black Caucus is com-
mitted to addressing racial disparities by developing initiatives and by work-ing with grassroots and national orga-nizations, such as Black Lives Matter, the NAACP, and the Urban League, to ensure that they know that they have someone in their corner and that there is an effort to work together. 
b2045 
The Congressional Black Caucus is 
also holding a number of forums to bring African American community re-sources into the areas of business de-velopment, small-business assistance, financial empowerment, inequality, and education. 
As a caucus, we will continue to lend 
our support to those fighting for jus-tice, equality, and opportunity for all. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
to my colleague, R
OBIN KELLY . 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank Rep-
resentative P AYNE for those words. 
One thing that you talked about with 
the University of Missouri, I thought it was great that when they did protests and sit-ins, that there were White stu-dents, football players, and coaches that also sat with them and gave them support. They were one. So even though bad things had happened, it was good to see that there were all kinds of students and their coaches empathetic with what was going on. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
Jersey. 
Mr. PAYNE. Absolutely. To that 
point, this is the United States of America, and we have to come together as a Nation to eradicate this ill that has plagued this Nation since its incep-tion. So we need people that under-stand and like-minded people to also join in. This is not a one-sided discus-sion. This is a discussion that we need to be having that encapsulates the en-tire Nation. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. In my diver-
sity training that I have done for many years now, we have always talked about groups need allies. Allies give you support and encouragement and the strength to go on. 
At this time, I yield to the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. B
ARBARA  
LEE). 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-
gresswoman K ELLY and Congressman 
PAYNE for organizing this Special 
Order and for your continued leader-ship on so many vital issues and for staying the course and holding down the fort for the Congressional Black Caucus. It is so important that our message of unity and our message— which really describes what many of the issues are that all of our commu-nities are faced with—that that mes-sage goes out. Both of you have really been tremendous in this effort. 
So I rise this evening to join this 
critical conversation on race relations in America and to challenge our col-leagues to work with the Congressional Black Caucus to realize progress for ra-cial justice and equality. I join Congresswoman K
ELLY and 
Congressman P AYNE in sending my 
condolences to the families and the victims of the horrific terrorist attacks in Paris, Lebanon, Nigeria, and also in Egypt. Know that we join in this quest for global peace and security through-out the world. 
Now, tonight’s Special Order is an 
important part of our work to address the discrimination and racism that still plagues our Nation, specifically as it relates to African Americans, but we know that it impacts all communities of color. It is manifested in many ways, and it affects our entire country. As Congressman P
AYNE said so eloquently, 
we are the United States. So when one is affected, all are affected. 
All across the country at universities 
like Mizzou and Yale; in places like Baltimore and Ferguson; and in high schools like Spring Valley High in Co-lumbia, South Carolina, we are wit-nessing the painful impact of institu-tional racism in our communities. 
Very recently, we saw this in my 
home district at Berkley High School. In one of the most progressive and en-lightened cities in the country, Black students were subjected to threatening messages on campus. But I am so proud of the students at Berkley. They walked off—it was not only Black stu-dents; it was all students—and marched out peacefully through the city to protest these terrible, des-picable messages. 
This is unacceptable. All students 
have a right to learn free from violence and from threats. As long as Black stu-dents and any student of color feels un-safe in their classrooms, our work for justice remains incomplete. 
This crisis isn’t limited to our 
schools. Tragically, people of color face institutional racism from the moment they are born. According to a report re-leased earlier this year by the Joint Economic Committee and the Congres-sional Black Caucus, more than one in three Black children are born into pov-erty. 
This cycle of poverty and inequality 
continues in our school system where Black students account for 42 percent of preschool student expulsions. Mind you, now, that is preschool. That is students from about 2 years old to 4 years old. Black students account for 42 percent of preschool student expul-sions, despite accounting for only 18 percent of enrollment. I can’t figure out how any student aged 2 to 4 is ex-pelled from school. That is outrageous. Yet 42 percent of preschool student ex-pulsions are African American babies. These kids don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. 
Outside of the classroom, African 
Americans are overpoliced, overcriminalized, and underemployed. A report published by the New York Times in April found that there are an estimated 1.5 million Black men be-tween the ages of 24 to 54 who are miss-ing from civic life, just missing it. These missing men, who account for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:36 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.104 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8230 November 16, 2015 
one in every six Black men, have been 
victims of mass incarceration or pre-mature death. And this crisis of in-equality extends to the structures of the community and have persisted from generations. 
Over the past four decades, the aver-
age unemployment rate for Blacks has been double the rate for White Ameri-cans. For many Black families, it feels like this is a permanent recession. 
Mr. Speaker, this must be our call to 
action. That is why I am so proud of our young people throughout the coun-try and students who are standing up to racism and injustice in their com-munities. It is time for Congress to lis-ten to the young people, saying that Black Lives Matter and Black students matter. 
Earlier this month, I held a forum on 
racial justice in my district to address these issues. More than 300 East Bay residents from all backgrounds at-tended and raised their voices for jus-tice. This was the second forum that I have held throughout the last 3 months. Now, I have been able to reach over 1,000 East Bay residents. 
So, tonight, in this dialogue, which 
Congressman P
AYNE and Congress-
woman K ELLY have talked about, this 
dialogue leads to action. Hopefully, our colleagues would think about hosting these types of forums and listen to what people are saying, listen to what the impact of some of our policies are on their daily lives. We must be part of the conversation and the solution, but we must listen. We must hear the pain and the suffering that people are expe-riencing as a result of discrimination and racial injustice. 
Now, the Congress must act to start 
addressing the systemic racism that degrades our institutions and threatens our communities. It is past time for us to get serious about us addressing the lack of opportunity for Black and mi-nority families in this country. Right now, today, in this Chamber, there is legislation that can start moving the needle forward. 
We need to empower our commu-
nities to build greater trust between law enforcement and communities of color, and we need to address chronic recidivism, which would be a huge step toward returning some of our missing men to their families and commu-nities. To do this, Congress should pass the Safe Justice Act, sponsored by Con-gressman S
ENSENBRENNER and Con-
gressman S COTT. Congress should also 
pass the Stop Militarizing Law En-forcement Act, H.R. 1232, to stop the militarization of our Nation’s police forces. We also should pass the Police Accountability Act, H.R. 1102, and the Grand Jury Reform Act, H.R. 429, so we can ensure that deadly force cases are heard by a judge and that there is more accountability for police officers. 
As we reform our broken criminal 
justice system and work to help repair those families hurt by mass incarcer-ation, we will be strengthening Amer-ica. We will have people who really can make a contribution, not only to their 
families and their communities, but to the entire country. 
The Federal Government shouldn’t 
continue to put up barriers to work for those trying to rebuild their lives after making a mistake and should ban the box totally by Federal contractors and by Federal agencies. We also need to repeal the lifetime ban on Pell grants for those formerly incarcerated as it relates to drug felonies, the ineligi-bility for public assistance and food stamps. 
We need to remove these barriers so 
that people of color, primarily African American men and Latino men, can get back into society, get a job, and take care of their families. Once again, this is an example of public policy that rac-ism wreaks its ugly head in our own in-stitutions and policies. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, we must ad-
dress the poverty that plagues commu-nities of color all across the country. We have the Whip’s Task Force on Pov-erty, Income Inequality, and Oppor-tunity, which I am proud to chair with our whip, Mr. H
OYER . We are working 
with more than 100 of our colleagues now to advance policies that give all families, including African American families living below the poverty line both in urban communities and in rural communities, a fair shot. 
This effort includes our Half in Ten 
Act, H.R. 258, which calls for a national strategy to cut poverty in half in the next decade. That is more than 22 mil-lion Americans lifted out of poverty into the middle class in just the next 10 years by being strategic and coordi-nating our existing programs. 
Our Pathway Out of Poverty Act, 
H.R. 2721, would create good-paying jobs. It would lift families out of pov-erty into the middle class while strengthening our safety net for those who are still struggling. Ultimately, the only way to end institutional rac-ism is to give African Americans and people of color a seat at the table, and we need to pass legislation and policies that begin to remove these barriers. 
My mentor, the Honorable Congress-
woman Shirley Chisholm, used to say: ‘‘If they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring in a folding chair.’’ That is what our young people are doing around the country. 
So I want to thank all of the people 
across our country who are bringing in folding chairs and ensuring that these important conversations happen. We hear you. We support you, and we will keep fighting for you for ensuring lib-erty and justice for all, which means just that. It means for all. In doing so, we will make the United States a stronger country. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman 
K
ELLY and Congressman P AYNE for or-
ganizing this very important Special Order. I know that out of this discus-sion, we are laying out what can be done, and it doesn’t take another gen-eration to end racial injustice in our country. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Representa-
tive L
EE, I like your analogy about ‘‘if 
you are not at the table, bring your folding chair.’’ I would like to say: ‘‘If you are not at the table, your issues would be on the menu.’’ But I like the folding chair analogy also. 
I think a good point that you bring 
up that people don’t realize, when we talk about African American men in jail, incarcerated, people might think, well, if they are doing something wrong, they should be in jail. 
To use Ferguson as an example, while 
comprising two-thirds of Ferguson’s population, African Americans rep-resent 85 percent of vehicles stopped, 90 percent of citations, and 93 percent of arrests made by the Ferguson Police Department. But while African Amer-ican drivers are twice as likely as White drivers to be searched on a vehi-cle stop, contraband was found on Black drivers 26 percent less frequently than White drivers. 
So these discrepancies, coupled with 
incidents of overly aggressive police tactics and a police force that is ra-cially and ethnically underrepresented of the large Ferguson community, in-still the culture of distrust and ano-nymity. So you can see why these things happen. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from 
California. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-
gresswoman K
ELLY for raising that 
issue because I think this is a clear ex-ample of what we talk about when we talk about racial injustice. It is very 
clear that many of our policies—Fed-eral, local, and State policies—the im-pact and the result end up being a re-sult that has racial components, and that is what our young people are talk-ing about when they are talking about systemic and institutional racism. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I yield to the 
gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from California as well for always making very clear and thoughtful comments and for being a leader in this House for many years and taking bold steps in your beliefs and your principles. Sometimes when it looked grim, that you might be step-ping out, history has been kind to you and shown that you were right. So I ap-preciate your leadership in this United States House of Representatives. 
One of the issues that we also find 
around racism is mass incarceration, which is a topic that has come to the forefront. The President is taking bold steps in that direction to try to have a discussion and correct those issues. There is no reason why the United States of America, which comprises 5 percent of the world’s population, has 
25 percent of the incarcerated popu-lation in the world. That number is mind-boggling. 
We are talking about these schools 
that are having racial issues and they are not being addressed. 
b2100 
There is no mistake that when you 
look at the issue even around cocaine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.105 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8231 November 16, 2015 
and the disparity in the length of time 
that you receive for having crack co-caine, which has predominantly been in African American communities, as op-posed to powdered cocaine, which has predominantly been in the major popu-lation’s community, but the sentences for crack cocaine are so much stiffer and longer that you can see a racial component in even those sentences given out by the justice system. 
We are dealing with a systemic insti-
tutional issue, and sometimes I even think that it has been so ingrained and embedded in the larger population that it is not even realized that there are issues. This is the way of life. This is the way things are. This is how it has been. We have to break that cycle. It is just unconscionable that these young people who have done what we have asked them to do—do well in school, move on to college, and get an edu-cation so you can be a productive cit-izen in this country—have to worry about these types of issues as they are trying to get their education. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first, let me 
thank the gentleman for his kind re-marks, but also for really digging deep-er into this subject and really raising, in many ways, the unconscious biases that are reflected oftentimes in the policies and in the laws of the land. 
One example that Chairman 
B
UTTERFIELD and myself, co-chair for 
the Congressional Black Caucus, and Reverend Jackson have really been true leaders in, and that is the effort with the tech industry in terms of the diversity of the tech industry. 
We have learned and the data shows 
that many companies next door to me in the Silicon Valley, 2 to 5 percent may be African Americans and Latinos—maybe. To their credit, they are trying to figure out how to address this; but one of the areas that some of the companies are exploring now is looking at unconscious bias and how that is reflected in the hiring policies of their managers as it relates to the discrimination actually that takes place against people of color, especially African Americans. 
It is embedded in this whole system 
here in our country, both in the private and in the public sector, and we have to really begin to talk about it to raise the level of awareness so people under-stand we are not talking about individ-uals and we are not going after people. We are talking about biases that are embedded in our programs and policies and in the law of the land. 
Mr. PAYNE. Absolutely. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I also think 
something that contributes to that, your ZIP Code shouldn’t dictate the quality of your education, like it shouldn’t dictate the quality of your health care. In too many places in this country, your ZIP Code does dictate the quality of your education and the 
schools that have every sport, every technology, and those kinds of things, and schools that barely have books. 
They are not going to be at the same 
level when they graduate from high school, if they even make it through 
high school; and that is part of it, too, just the STEM, as we talk about, or STEAM, just the type of education that students are getting because of the way in some cases the schools are funded or the concentration of poverty in the school system, in some school systems. 
Mr. PAYNE. We are talking about 
the school systems. We are talking about Silicon Valley. I am doing a lot of work now with the insurance compa-nies and finding out that based on your economic background and where you live and what your ZIP Code is will constitute what your rates on car in-surance are. There is a built-in formula to that as well. It is just amazing how systemic and institutionalized these issues are. 
Even a young man like me, who was 
raised by my father not to get in trou-ble and do the right thing, I was still a young man, and sometimes I didn’t do the right things. One time I was in downtown Newark, New Jersey, and I made a U-turn on one of the major thoroughfares in the city. A policeman pulls up on his motorcycle. 
Just my luck, I would make the U- 
turn and there would be a policeman coming, but that is the story of my life. 
This police officer approached me, 
very angry, very mean, yelling at me. It was my cousin’s car, so I wasn’t ex-actly sure where the credentials were in the car. I was about 20 years old at the time. The police officer finally says to me: Boy, if you don’t find those doc-uments—and he didn’t use ‘‘boy.’’ He used a word that we can’t use on the floor of this House of Representatives. But he said: If you don’t find those doc-uments, I will throw you so far under the jail that they will never find you. 
That was very frightening because he 
looked like he meant it. 
I was able to produce my license, and 
at the time my father was a council-man in the city of Newark. It was amazing the change in his attitude. He became very concerned about my wel-fare and my well-being all of a sudden. He says: Well, don’t you know that that is dangerous, and you shouldn’t do that? You know, you could hurt your-self or hurt someone else. All of a sud-den, I became someone because of what my last name is. 
I am concerned about all the young 
men that can’t produce something like that at that point in time. There are more of those stories, of the ones un-able to produce than the ones that can produce. What does that say for young men in this country? There are many stories like that coming up that I could stand here and tell for several hours of experiences that I have had with the institutional racism in this country. 
Ms. LEE. Congressman P
AYNE , you 
are talking about racial profiling and driving while Black, which so many of us experience throughout the country. I am glad we are having this discussion and you raised it because you come from a middle class family. You come 
from a great family. 
Mr. PAYNE. Thank you. 
Ms. LEE. Your father was a giant and 
raised you and your family to be law- abiding citizens, and still this hap-pened to you. 
Also, with regard to redlining, this is 
another level that we have to look at as it relates to racism. When you look at how financial institutions targeted African American and minority com-munities with subprime loans, our communities lost all of our wealth as a result of that, and now have to start all over in terms of wealth accumulation. So you just go one aspect after another of what America has done in terms of the past that has not been corrected yet, and we have to really do that. 
Congresswoman K
ELLY , I just want 
to mention the phenomenal job you are doing as the chair of our Health Braintrust. We had a meeting this weekend in South Carolina with our great leader, Mr. C
LYBURN . We talked 
about health disparities in commu-nities of color. You are talking about ZIP Codes. I know in my district—I mentioned this at the forum—there is a gap. Depending on where you live, de-pending on the ZIP Code, life expect-ancy where Black people live can be 10 to 15 years shorter. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Right. In the 
leading causes of death, African Ameri-cans are number one in eight of them. 
Ms. LEE. The mortality rate, that is 
right. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. We don’t want 
to be number one in 8 out of 10. 
Ms. LEE. That is right. That is right. 
The importance of the work you are doing in closing healthcare disparities, which sometimes people don’t under-stand, there are racial and ethnic dis-parities that, again, are reflected in our historical policies that have really severely impacted communities of color and African Americans. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Representa-
tives, we have about 5 more minutes. I don’t know if you have anything to add. 
Mr. PAYNE. I just want to thank you 
for working with us through this year in bringing these topics to the floor. We want the viewing public to under-stand that we have raised these issues because they are issues that plague our country. We are looking for African Americans and Latinos to have the same opportunities as everyone else. It is not about special treatment or any-thing. It is about equal treatment. Ev-eryone should rise based on their abil-ity. Just having an equal opportunity is key. 
Ms. LEE. I will just close by saying, 
we pledge allegiance to the flag, and we say, ‘‘and liberty and justice for all,’’ and that is what we mean. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Thank you, 
Representative L
EEand Representative 
PAYNE . 
Mr. Speaker, as we reflect on this 
evening’s topic, the issue of race rela-tions in America, we want to talk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.108 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8232 November 16, 2015 
about, just in closing, what can we do. 
We must do more, we must care more, and we must understand more about the diverse cultures that make up this Nation. 
A long time ago, as director of com-
munity affairs for the Village of Matteson, it has been 19 years now I have worked with a team hosting di-versity dinners in our area to grow friendships and nurture relations among residents of the south suburbs of Chicago. 
Tonight as we discuss race relations 
in America, I want to reflect on what I see as the way to bridge the differences we experience in understanding in dif-ferent communities. 
Earlier this year, I along with col-
leagues, Democrat and Republican, hosted the Second Annual Congres-sional Diversity Dinner. Forty Mem-bers of Congress—Black, White, Asian, and Hispanic from both parties, includ-ing both Republican and Democratic leadership—showed up and enjoyed a meal with their colleagues. During the dinner, we weren’t Democrats or Re-publicans. We were colleagues with some great stories to share. 
At this year’s dinner, I saw a micro-
cosm of our Nation, a crowd made up of Members from coast to coast with truly diverse backgrounds coming to-gether to enjoy each other’s company. If we can put aside our racial and par-tisan blinders to break bread together, I am confident we can find ways to work together. That is what America wants and needs, and that type of lead-ership is the kind of leadership we de-serve. 
Today we have the opportunity to 
celebrate diversity and show that America is only strengthened when we embrace the fact that we are a beau-tiful, I will say, pot of stew. There is much that communities can do to stanch out the rhetoric that divides us and find creative ways to bring people together. It was a small action, but that was what the diversity dinner sought to do. 
Now it is time for us to come to-
gether to address the reforms needed to rebuild trust between communities. Let’s show the American people that we are a diverse people, we are proud of it, and we celebrate it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, this has been a challenging year for race relations in the United States. Be-tween the recent events at college campuses across the country and several incidents in-volving law enforcement, it is clear that strong racial tensions still exist within our commu-nities. 
Renewed efforts to disenfranchise select 
groups of voters by gutting the Voting Rights Act or segregating neighborhoods in violation of the Fair Housing Act have contributed to the divisive elements of our society. These ef-forts run counter to everything that we as a nation have tried to eliminate in bringing di-verse individuals together under common val-ues—and there is still much work to be done. The fight for racial equality and inclusion 
has been a constant struggle for individuals of color throughout our long history. Despite im-portant victories during the Civil Rights era, a new struggle has emerged in our time to tack-le more subtle and implicit racial biases that exist within our society. 
Recognizing these challenges and maintain-
ing open and civil dialogue is the only way that we can seek to end these senseless divi-sions once and for all. While it is also impor-tant to learn from the lessons of our past, how we decide to move forward will truly come to define the future of our nation. 
As we look to overcome our differences, we 
must reflect on our values and determine what kind of future we would like to see for our chil-dren. Do we want to leave behind a divided nation where individuals quarrel over race or socioeconomic status? Or do we want to live in a nation united under equal opportunity and justice for each and every American? I, for one, choose to support an equal and just America. 
Mr. Speaker, there will continue to be chal-
lenges ahead. However, the lessons that we carry with us into the future will help guide our decisions to build for a stronger and more prosperous America. I urge my colleagues to speak out against this blatant discrimination so that we can heal our country and move for-ward as a nation. 
f 
FIGHTING TERRORISM AROUND 
THE WORLD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ROUZER ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) is recognized until 10 p.m. as 
the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of my Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to host this Special Order tonight. 
Less than 100 hours ago, we were pro-
vided another tragic reminder of the world that we live in, a world where radical terrorists are engaged in a vio-lent war against the U.S. and our al-lies. Our thoughts, prayers, and condo-lences go to our ally, France, here this evening. 
b2130 
Prior to Friday night’s events in 
Paris, tonight’s Special Order was going to focus on recent incidents of terrorist-led violence across Israel. Yet Friday night’s events are not dis-similar from the escalation of violence we have seen across Israel in recent months and in other places of the world. 
The attacks have been indiscriminate 
in their targets. The attacks have been intended to instill fear. And the at-tacks are a direct affront to the daily 
lives and the way of life of innocent, peaceful civilians. 
I want to share with you the words of 
Prime Minister Netanyahu this week-end: 
‘‘In Israel, as in France, terrorism is 
terrorism, and standing behind it is radical Islam and its desire to destroy its victims. The time has come for the world to wake up and unite in order to defeat terrorism. The time has come for countries to condemn terrorism against us to the same degree that they condemn terrorism everywhere else in the world. 
‘‘We should remember—we are not to 
blame for the terrorism directed against us, just as the French are not to blame for the terrorism directed against them. The terrorists who at-tack us have the same murderous in-tent as those in Paris.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we know that ISIS has 
claimed responsibility for the Paris at-tacks, but while we can condemn those attacks here this evening, it seems very evident to me, and I think Ameri-cans all across this country, as we ask, I think, the same question: Are we safe, and are the policies of this admin-istration and its foreign policy and the refugee admissions policy making us safer, or are they cause for concern and require more discernment and a more scrutinizing eye by this Congress and the American people? 
This year alone, there have been at 
least 49 alleged supporters of ISIS in America charged with related crimes, and it is reported that there is an esti-mated 20,000 foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria likely holding Western pass-ports. 
In May, FBI Director James Comey 
said: 
Thousands in the U.S. may be consuming 
ISIS propaganda on the Internet. 
Tonight, in light of the horrific ter-
rorist attack in Paris and the esca-lating violence in Israel, as we stand to express our solidarity with our friends and allies affected by violent and ex-treme acts of terror, we must also be thinking about what we as Americans can do to defeat—not contain—but eliminate radical jihadists and terror-ists who are hell-bent on undermining the U.S., our allies, and our way of life. 
A little bit later I will speak more on 
my views on our present foreign policy and the refugee admissions policy, but we have over the course of the next hour many Members from across the United States of America condemning indiscriminate terrorist attacks, rad-ical Islamic jihad, and violence across the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to our first 
speaker this evening, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ). 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership on this 
issue and for holding this very impor-tant leadership hour talking about the issues that obviously affect our allies in the world but also the safety of the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.109 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8233 November 16, 2015 
As we are discussing these issues and 
the views that are taking place and the discussion and the debate that is going to be had on this issue, I think it is im-portant, again, that we remember this is an American national security issue, and we in the House have to be as vigi-lant and as strong as we can be on the issue. 
The attacks carried out on Friday by 
radical Islamic extremists can only be described as barbaric, and we are re-sponding with force. Yet, this morning, the President announced at a G–20 summit in Turkey that there ‘‘wouldn’t be any major changes to the approach taken against ISIS.’’ 
The President’s passive approach has 
proven to be no deterrent to these Is-lamic extremists, and it is time that he implement a clear and comprehensive strategy to completely destroy ISIS abroad, on their soil, so that we are not fighting them on ours. 
This is an issue of American national 
security. Additionally, this is why again and again I have repeatedly called on the need to secure our border and repair our broken immigration sys-tem to keep these threats out. 
It has never been a matter of if, but 
a matter of when, we might face this type of attack here at home. Time has shown that it is up to us in the House to be the voice of strength for the American people. 
As we work together to determine a 
stronger path forward, we will proudly stand with our allies—as they did with us—against these extreme forces of evil. 
We will continue to hold the people 
of France in our prayers. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. I 
would like to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for her participa-tion. 
I yield to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi (Mr. K
ELLY .) 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. I thank 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for leading this important 
Special Order today. 
We stand with our allies across the 
world who have repeatedly and re-cently experienced violent acts of ter-rorism, specifically in Israel and France. We pray for the victims and their families, and we stand united in our efforts to bring these attackers, these terrorists, to justice. 
It is clear that we are at war with 
radical Islam. How do you expect to de-stroy your enemy if you can’t even identify them or call them by name? They know who we are. They call us the infidels. And they will quit at no cost to destroy us all. We must identify and attack our enemy. 
The world is safer when America 
chooses to lead. We must put forward a coordinated and comprehensive strat-egy to eliminate ISIS, not a policy of containment. We can no longer under-estimate the desire and ability for them to attack us in our homes. Our men and women in uniform will de-stroy the enemy, wherever they are, if we give them clear guidance and a 
strategy which they can enforce. 
These acts of terrorism seek to make 
us less free. They are carried out on the mission of instilling fear, uncer-tainty, and hate. But the terrorists do not get to win. Americans and those other countries that promote freedom and democracy will continue to live our lives, go to work, provide for our families, and advocate for those same freedoms around the world. 
Now is the time to have faith in God, 
hug your loved ones a little tighter, and continue our commitment to eliminate the threat of ISIS, radical Islam, and other terrorist organiza-tions around the world. 
God bless our servicemembers, and 
God bless America. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. I 
want to thank the gentleman from Mississippi for his participation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ). 
Mr. HARDY. I would like to thank 
my colleague from Pennsylvania for his efforts to host us here this evening and for the opportunity to speak. 
As the events of Paris unfolded over 
the weekend, I watched in horror with the rest of the world as violent terror once again touched the soil of Amer-ica’s oldest allies. I echo the cares and concerns of the world that terror is growing. And we must stand united against it. Terror does not respect bor-ders or nationalities. Its effects are felt in the smallest village and in the world’s most recognizable cities. 
Nearly 500 innocent people were 
killed or injured in Paris this weekend, only 10 months after the extremists at-tacked the Charlie Hebdo offices, mur-dering 17. Last week, 43 people were killed and 239 were injured by a suicide bomber in Beirut. Mounting evidence shows that terrorists were likely in-volved in the deaths of 224 people aboard a Russian jet that went down in Egypt last month. In Israel, our friends have been battling this increased vio-lence for weeks, with no predictable end in sight. 
Each of these events happened in the 
last 2 months, and there are countless other victims of hate around the world whose loss too often goes unnoticed. Those losses have continuously hap-pened over the past 6 to 7 years, and some of them seem to fall on deaf ears and unseeing eyes. 
No matter the location, the fact is 
that too many parents in these nations worry if their children will come home safe at night. It is times like these that defenders of freedom need to remember the common threads that bind us to-gether against the power of evil. France was not the beginning, nor will it be the end. 
On the heels of this tragedy, ISIS has 
taken credit and released a video prom-ising that something ‘‘worse is com-ing.’’ Something worse is coming. We should not neglect that threat. 
Our own CIA Director said earlier 
today that he ‘‘anticipates this is not the only operation that ISIL has in the 
pipeline. The Paris attack is not some-thing that was planned in a matter of days.’’ 
The President has stated a shared 
goal that we want to ‘‘degrade and de-stroy’’ ISIS. While that is the goal of all, in the meantime, we are obligated to the American people to contain and control these crazed attackers. 
ISIS has expanded to Egypt, Yemen, 
Afghanistan, and to Pakistan. Teen-agers from England and Europe have attempted to, or successfully sup-ported, ISIS on the ground. As sick-ening as these actions are, it is more terrifying to think that those recruits might bring their new training back home. How long until we see terrorism touching our U.S. soil again? 
This is not just a threat to the east-
ern hemisphere. This is a global threat that requires a global response. The U.S. cannot be the only one involved, but we also cannot fail to act. When America fails to lead, there is too often a vacuum that we have seen filled with the nightmares of hateful leaders who disregard innocent lives in their quest for power and control. 
We must be vigilant for the sake of 
life in America and across the world. We must continue to fight these ex-tremists and stand as a united front against the rising tide of evil. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman from Nevada for participating in tonight’s Special Order. 
I yield to the gentleman from Indi-
ana (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. I want to 
thank my colleague from Pennsylvania for his hard work and leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight, this Hoosier 
rises in solidarity with our French brethren. 
Fourteen years ago, on September 11, 
when radical terrorists struck at the heart of the United States, France stood by us. In one of America’s dark-est hours, when no words seemed to adequately express the shock and sad-ness we felt, it was our French allies who famously evoked the phrase: ‘‘We are all Americans.’’ 
Sadly, last Friday evening, on No-
vember 13, 2015, France was similarly subjected to multiple acts of terror in Paris. Now, it is our turn to offer our support to the fallen, to their families, and to all of France. Today, Mr. Speak-er, we Americans stand with the people of France. 
Our ties with France date back hun-
dreds of years, to the days of the Amer-ican Revolutionary War. Our shared values, our respect for liberty, equal-
ity, and democracy, have bound our two great nations through centuries of conflict and peace. 
So, tonight, on behalf of the citizens 
of Indiana, I send my sincere thoughts and prayers to the Parisians so dev-astated by this atrocity. Together, we will restore France. Together, we will defend civilization against barbar-ianism, and together we can endeavor to eliminate ISIS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.111 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8234 November 16, 2015 
In the wake of this sorrow, we must 
reflect on what led to this attack on innocent civilians. And then we must, as we say in the Marines, ‘‘adapt, im-provise, and overcome.’’ 
We must find ways to prevent future 
attacks from occurring on our soil and the soil of our allies across the Atlan-tic. This won’t be without risk. Leader-ship never is. At this critical juncture, I hope Congress stands ready to sup-port the administration, to encourage its development of a winning strategy that doesn’t purport to merely contain ISIS but instead turns the tide of radi-calism in the region and eradicates this radical brand of terror. 
b2130 
This is no time for half measures, Mr. 
Speaker. It will be imperative for the United States to coordinate with France and our other NATO allies on a joint strategy to defeat ISIS, to elimi-nate this evil. 
This is, of course, no time for polit-
ical posturing, empty rhetoric or gamesmanship. It is a time for unity. I look forward to working with my col-leagues and working with our Com-mander in Chief on a war strategy that will annihilate the radical Islamic state, keep the American people safe, and return Syria to its people. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman from Indiana. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, tonight we 
stand with our brothers and sisters in Israel and France to express our sup-port and our commitment to these, our allies overseas. 
We have witnessed the violence in 
Israel in recent weeks whipped up by the leadership of the Palestinian Au-thority, knowing now that radical Is-lamic militants are determined to con-tinue their assault on the democracies of the world and western civilization. 
On Friday, the 13th, the world wit-
nessed an unspeakable tragedy brought about by ISIS. This is a terrorist orga-nization that has repeatedly plagued the Middle East with gruesome behead-ings, violent killings, the rape of women, and the enslavement of chil-dren. 
Now they have unleashed a terror 
rampage on our ally, France, and they promise to bring it to America as well. 
Our President has called this slaugh-
ter ‘‘a setback.’’ So now Congress must recognize both the gravity and the tragedy of what has recently occurred and respond accordingly. 
What will it take, I ask, for this ad-
ministration to admit that we are in a life-and-death struggle with radical Islam? 
Chinese philosopher Sun Tzu once 
gave this admonition: Know thy enemy. The enemy must be identified in order to defeat him. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
the victims of the recent terrorist at-tacks, and I hope that the United States will stand by them and the peo-ple of Israel as well as France during 
these times. 
To the people of France: I am very 
sorry—Je suis vraiment desole. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague 
from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, tonight I 
rise in solidarity with the people of France in the aftermath of last Fri-day’s horrific terror attacks in Paris. 
I also commend the French for their 
swift leadership in decisively and pow-erfully taking immediate action. They are delivering justice to those respon-sible for the cowardly attack on their innocent people. 
This latest attack wasn’t just on 
France. No. This was an attack on all free nations targeted and threatened by the brutal and savage tactics of Is-lamic terrorists who oppose the basic freedoms and liberties of the free world. 
This is not an isolated incident or a 
final stand. Far from it. It could be France today and the United States to-morrow. 
I should point out that there is but 
one mandatory function constitu-tionally of the Federal Government. That is to provide for our national de-fense. This is a constitutional duty and a moral imperative that trumps any day of the week the charity of opening our doors to a Syrian who will blow himself or herself up on our streets in the name of Allah. 
I say, if an ISIS member wants to 
meet Allah, that we give them every opportunity to do so with a bomb from the air or a round of ammo from the end of a Navy SEAL rifle that you would never want to be on the wrong end of if you are the bad guy. 
The good news is this: It doesn’t re-
quire an occupation or an enduring ground operation. I don’t want that. No one wants that. But it does mean that our entire strategy must evolve quick-ly and effectively. 
We may have help from very moti-
vated and a diverse capability of French, British, German, and now even Russians. We must understand that los-ing is not an option. 
What we can’t do is put 50 Special 
Operations Forces on the ground in Syria, in the middle of a war zone, and then tell them they are not there on a combat operation. You can’t tell that to them, their family, the entire free world. It is just divorced from the re-ality of what they will face every day on the ground. 
If you aren’t going to send our serv-
icemembers to win, do not send them at all. 
I would be happy to support a strat-
egy to win if I actually believed the President had one. 
First and foremost, ID the threat. 
You cannot defeat a threat that you cannot or will not identify. 
Next, execute a strategy to win, not 
just tread water. It is not about getting them jobs. It is about wiping them off the face of the Earth. You annihilate 
the enemy. You don’t contain it, espe-cially not this enemy. 
You eliminate the threat. You don’t 
literally, as a matter of policy, escort that threat across our borders. 
Here at home we must not move for-
ward with the President’s plan to bring in several tens of thousands of refu-gees, especially and so importantly, be-cause we cannot identify who the bad ones are. 
Not one Syrian refugee should be 
brought into America without knowing with confidence that they do not pose a threat. We must not bury our heads in the sand or try to click our heels to-gether to an alternate reality. 
Last week was Veterans Day. We 
were again reminded of the sacrifices that have been made through genera-tions to protect our way of life. Let’s honor their memory, treasure Amer-ican greatness, stand up for freedom, and make sure what happened in Paris on Friday does not happen on our own home turf tomorrow. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
That was excellent. Thank you, Mr. 
Z
ELDIN . 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Ohio (Ms. K APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. I thank the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to offer 
my deepest sympathies and condo-lences from the citizens of Ohio’s Ninth Congressional District to the people of France, our longstanding brothers and sisters in liberty. To all whose loved ones were killed or hurt in the barbaric attacks in Paris last weekend, we offer our prayers of comfort and consolation. 
Our sincerest thanks are extended to 
the law enforcement officials who bravely brought order, the health offi-cials who ministered to those who trag-ically lost their lives, and to the hun-
dreds suffering injury. 
Around the world, freedom-loving 
people are repeating the words of La Marseillaise, the national anthem of France. This powerful song of liberty against tyranny roused that nation when it was written at the start of the French Revolution, just a few years after America’s own fight for liberty. 
One verse seems especially appro-
priate to recite tonight. Translated into English, it says: Sacred love of the Fatherland: Liberty, cherished liberty, fight with thy defenders. Fight with thy defenders. 
This is a message for the world 
today. America is fighting alongside those who defend liberty. Surely, France. 
We stand with those who fight for 
liberty—Combats avec tes defenseurs. 
The American people have long cher-
ished and defended the spirit of liberty alongside the people of France, and there is no greater symbol of that in our harbor, New York Harbor, than the Statue of Liberty, which reminds us al-ways of the triumph of freedom over subjugated people. 
In modern times, France has been a 
founding member of NATO and a per-manent member of the United Nations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.112 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8235 November 16, 2015 
Security Council, and we will work to-
gether to defeat this enemy as we have together defeated Nazism, communism, and now, as well, this new threat. 
We will have the finest intelligence 
assets that our nations have placed on the ground in countries around the world. 
We have used our intelligence assets 
here at home to keep out and prevent those who would harm our people from coming inside our borders. We always worry. We keep trying to make the se-curity even better. But we have come a long way since 9/11. 
Each American can play an impor-
tant role by reporting suspect behavior they observe, and you can help our law enforcement officials ferret out dan-gerous elements that could prey upon our own people. 
On the home front, every citizen can 
help by paying attention to what you see and, if suspicious, report it to your local law enforcement officials and, in an emergency, to 911. 
Also important is strengthening the 
bonds of community, at home, at work, at school. Build bridges in your own community, including religious confes-sions. Let’s build bridges across reli-gious confessions in this country. Let no denomination feel isolated or aban-doned at this tense time. 
We stand with the people of France. 
We feel their loss. We stand with you as partners in liberty and forever keep in our hearts the enduring call: Lib-erty, equality, and fraternity—liberte, egalite, fraternite. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the gentlewoman from Ohio. 
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from 
New York mentioned a minute ago about our constitutional obligation and the moral imperatives that we have to defend our homeland and our national defense, and I couldn’t agree with him more. 
In that spirit, I want to start to con-
clude my comments by saying some-thing I think most agree with, and that is we need to enhance our intelligence and our vetting process of those who come to our country, including poten-tial Syrian refugees, to reflect the seri-ousness of threats posed by ISIS. 
I want to go into a little bit of infor-
mation that is easy to come by if you have paid attention to this issue, as I have, and the reality of the situation on the ground in Syria. 
As a result of over 4 years of Syrian 
civil war, we are seeing the worst hu-manitarian crisis since World War II, and we can and we will, as America, continue to be a leader in the provision of aid and relief. But we can’t afford to put the cart before the horse when it comes to admission policies here. 
This year alone over half a million 
Syrian people are seeking refuge in Eu-rope, and our European allies are look-ing to us for assistance. However, it is gravely concerning, I think, when your FBI Director, in this case, James Comey, said earlier this year that our government is unable to conduct thor-ough background checks on the 10,000 
Syrian refugees that the administra-tion will allow in the United States. His quote: We have no record of them, and you can only query what you have collected. 
Mr. Speaker, the concerns and objec-
tions that I am raising aren’t just mine. They are the multitude of phone calls and e-mails that my office has re-ceived today and I suspect all Members have received today. 
It is not isolationist. It is not anti- 
humanitarian. It is common sense, and it is in the name of making sure that we are protecting our people and secur-ing our homeland from threats. 
It is not unreasonable to conduct due 
diligence on who is coming into our country, and we can’t move forward with a policy of admit first and ask later. We have to close the gaps in our screening process of refugees entering into our country. 
The Homeland Security Committee 
chairman, Mr. M
CCAUL, recently intro-
duced legislation H.R. 3573, the Refugee Resettlement Oversight and Security Act. It would make substantial im-provements to our refugee program and enhance congressional oversight of the administration’s refugee proposals. 
Many don’t know that Congress right 
now does not have much, if any, say over our refugee admission policy. This bill is intended to change that. It would require, amongst other things, GAO to review the security gaps in the current screening process. 
The President, as I mentioned, has 
proposed resettling at least 10,000 Syr-ian refugees currently residing outside the Syria conflict zone in refugee camps to the U.S. this fiscal year. 
I quote from correspondence I had 
the opportunity to review today that Chairman M
CCAULwrote to the Presi-
dent: ‘‘We remain concerned that these resettlements are taking place without appropriate regard for the safety of the American people.’’ 
b2145 
Nothing is more fundamental. Noth-
ing gets at the core of what our Con-stitution is intended to protect as that statement. 
In his correspondence, Mr. Speaker, 
he cites to a couple pieces of testimony that he received this past summer from various officials. Leaders from the FBI, the National Counterterrorism Center, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity have all said to our Homeland Se-curity Committee that they lack the on-the-ground intelligence necessary to thoroughly vet Syrian refugees who seek to resettle here. 
National Counterterrorism Center 
Director Nicholas Rasmussen testified on October 21 that you have to rely on a vet. When you are vetting an appli-cant’s information, his opinion is this: ‘‘It isn’t what we’d like it to be.’’ 
FBI Director Comey explained during 
that same hearing: ‘‘If someone has not made a ripple in the pond in Syria in a way that would get their identity or their interests reflected in our data-
base, we can query our database until the cows come home, but nothing will show up because we have no record of that person. You can only query what you have collected.’’ 
I mentioned a piece of that state-
ment a little earlier. That is the full statement. And it gets to the point that, as we are concerned about our se-curity and we are trusting the adminis-tration to properly vet those who seek to come here, we have to rely on intel-ligence, and our intelligence leaders are offering something less than full confidence that their intelligence on those Syrian refugees is something that we need to look a lot further at. That is what I think we need to do. 
Finally, Department of Homeland Se-
curity Secretary Johnson said: ‘‘It is true that we are not going to know a whole lot about the Syrians that come forth in this process.’’ 
Now, I know tomorrow at 5:30, I be-
lieve, we will have a confidential brief-ing from the FBI Director and our Di-rector on Homeland Security. 
Mr. Speaker, my point here this 
evening was just to raise some issues that, frankly, were on the front of my mind and many others in my district and many other Members of Congress even before the tragedy that happened in Paris on Friday. What happened on Friday only reinforces in me and many others that ISIS isn’t contained, and, in fact, a strategy of containment is actually a dangerous one; and further, as we are looking at the Syrian read-mission policy, it cannot be allowed to remain as it presently is. Be it through legislation or be it through this admin-istration’s providing us more detail and allowing Congress and the Amer-ican people to get a better under-standing of what is and isn’t happening I think would go a long way towards making us feel a lot safer. In fact, if re-forms need to be made, if the program needs to be halted at the present time, then that is what should be done. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-
leagues for participating in the Special Order this evening. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today through November 19 
on account of medical leave, recovering from eye surgery. 
Mrs. L
AWRENCE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of official 
business in district. 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today through No-
vember 19 on account of medical rea-son. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K16NO7.114 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8236 November 16, 2015 
table and, under the rule, referred as 
follows: 
S. 1004. An act to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to encourage the nationwide ob-servance of two minutes of silence each Vet-erans Day; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
S. 1203. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the furnishing of health care to veterans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve the processing by the Department of claims for disability compensation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs; in addition, to the Committee on Armed Services; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce; and to the Committee on the Budget for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
S. 2280. An act to promote pro bono legal 
services as a critical way in which to em-power survivors of domestic violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 9 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, November 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3418. A letter from the Congressional Re-
view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Two Hybrids of Unshu Orange From the Republic of Korea Into the Continental United States [Docket No.: APHIS-2013-0085] (RIN: 0579-AD87) received November 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3419. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Reports to Congress on the Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Reviews of the Backlog of Postmarketing Requirements and Post-marketing Commitments by the Food and Drug Administration, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 355(k)(5)(C); Public Law 110-85, Sec. 921; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3420. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Efficiency Standards for New Federal Commercial and Multi-Family High- Rise Residential Buildings’ Baseline Stand-ards Update [Docket No.: EERE-2014-BT- STD-0047] (RIN: 1904-AD39) received Novem-ber 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3421. A letter from the Program Analyst, 
NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Allowing Importers to Provide Infor-mation to U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion in Electronic Format [Docket No.: NHTSA-2015-0076] (RIN: 2127-AL63) received 
November 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3422. A letter from the Program Analyst, 
NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Federal Motor Vehicle Theft Prevention Standard; Final Listing of 2016 Light Duty Truck Lines Subject to the Requirements of This Standard and Exempted Vehicle Lines for Model Year 2016 [Docket No.: NHTSA- 2015-0043] (RIN: 2127-AL59) received Novem-ber 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3423. A letter from the Program Analyst, 
NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defect and Noncompliance Notification [Docket No.: NHTSA-2015-0048] (RIN: 2127- AL60) received November 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3424. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Major Source Permitting State Implementation Plan [EPA-R06-OAR-2006-0131; FRL-9936-45- Region 6] received November 6, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3425. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; TN; Knox County Emissions Statements [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0456; FRL-9936-57-Region 4] received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3426. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Test Methods; Error Correction [EPA-R05- OAR-2009-0807; FRL-9936-54-Region 5] re-ceived November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3427. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; TN; Reasonably Avail-able Control Measures and Redesignation for the TN Portion of the Chattanooga 1997 An-nual PM2.5 Nonattainment Area [EPA-R04- OAR-2014-0904; FRL-9936-55-Region 4] re-ceived November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3428. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Revised Format for Materials Being Incor-porated by Reference [EPA-R05-OAR-2015- 0637; FRL-9933-71-Region 5] received Novem-ber 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3429. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; North Carolina In-frastructure Requirements for the 2008 8- hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R04-OAR-2014-0795; FRL- 9936-60-Region 4] received November 6, 2015, 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3430. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; State of Missouri; Control of Petroleum Liquid Storage, Load-ing and Transfer [EPA-R07-OAR-2015-0268; FRL-9936-72-Region 7] received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3431. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Cali-fornia Air Plan Revisions, Placer County Air Pollution Control District [EPA-R09-OAR- 2015-0643; FRL-9935-65-Region 9] received No-vember 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3432. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Acetamiprid; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0740; FRL-9936-12] received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3433. A letter from the Associate Adminis-
trator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the National Environmental Education Advisory Council 2015 Report to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator, as required by the National Environmental Education Act of 1990, Pub. L. 101-619, Sec. 9, U.S.C. 5508(a), (104 Stat. 3333); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
3434. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Emission Stand-ards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Major Sources: Industrial, Commercial, and Insti-tutional Boilers and Process Heaters [EPA- HQ-OAR-2002-0058; FRL-9936-20-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS09) received November 10, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3435. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Sewage Sludge Incinerators State Plan and Small Municipal Waste Combustors Negative Declaration for Designated Facili-ties and Pollutants [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0701; FRL-9936-96-Region 5] received November 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3436. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Imperial County Air Pollu-tion Control District [EPA-R09-OAR-2015- 0289; FRL-9936-65-Region 9] received Novem-ber 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3437. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Air Plans; Cali-fornia; Multiple Districts; Prevention of Sig-nificant Deterioration [EPA-R09-OAR-2015- 
0257; FRL-9934-89-Region 9] received Novem-ber 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.045 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8237 November 16, 2015 
3438. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Allocations of Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Allowances from New Unit Set-Asides for the 2015 Compliance Year [FRL-9936-99-OAR] received November 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3439. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington: Addi-tional Regulations for the Benton Clean Air Agency Jurisdiction [EPA-R10-OAR-2015- 0600; FRL-9936-97-Region 10] received Novem-ber 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3440. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Modification of Significant New Uses of Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2014-0649; FRL-9935-43] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received November 10, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3441. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Amitraz, Carfentrazone- ethyl, Ethephon, Malathion, Mancozeb, et al.; Tolerance Actions [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014- 0194; FRL-9935-01] received November 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3442. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Arizona; Phased Discontinuation of Stage II Vapor Recovery Program [EPA-R09-OAR-2014-0256; FRL-9936- 77-Region 9] received November 10, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3443. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Non-attainment New Source Review Permitting State Implementation Plan Revisions for the City of Albuquerque-Bernalillo County [EPA-R06-OAR-2009-0648; FRL-9936-86-Region 6] received November 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3444. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Addition of 1- Bromopropane; Community Right-to-Know Toxic Chemical Release Reporting [EPA-HQ- TRI-2015-0011; FRL-9937-12-OEI] (RIN: 2025- AA41) received November 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3445. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tamarind seed gum, 2- hydroxypropyl ether polymer; Tolerance Ex-emption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0421; FRL-9936- 25] received November 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3446. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 
Standards for Business Practices of Inter-state Natural Gas Pipelines; Coordination of the Scheduling Processes of Interstate Nat-ural Gas Pipelines and Public Utilities [Docket Nos.: RM96-1-038 and RM14-2-003; Order No.: 587-W] received November 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3447. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Commencement of Assessment of Annual Charges [Docket No.: RM15-18-000, Order No.: 815] received November 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3448. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s letter endorsing industry guidance — En-dorsement of Electric Power Research Insti-tute Final Draft Report 3002004396, ‘‘High Frequency Program: Application Guidance for Functional Confirmation and Fragility’’ received September 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3449. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notification of the Air Force’s proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of France, Transmittal No. 16-03, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2373(d); Foreign Assistance Act, Sec. 620C(d); (92 Stat. 739); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3450. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Army’s Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Finland, Transmittal No. 15-60, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2373(d); Foreign Assistance Act, Sec. 620C(d); (92 Stat. 739); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3451. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s Pro-posed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Accept-ance to the Government of the United King-dom, Transmittal No. 15-76, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2373(d); Foreign Assistance Act, Sec. 620C(d); (92 Stat. 739); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3452. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a memorandum of justification stating that the company listed is no longer engaging in conduct sanctionable by the Iran Sanctions Act, as amended, and the Sec-retary of State has received reliable assur-ances that the company will not engage in such activities in the future, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 104-172, Sec. 9(b)(2); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3453. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency, with respect to the Central African Republic, that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), Sec. 204(c), and, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3454. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the national emergency declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, with respect to Iran, is to continue in effect beyond November 14, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (H. Doc. No. 114—75); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
3455. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting the termi-nation of the national emergency declared in 
Executive Order 13348 of July 22, 2004, with respect to the actions and policies of former Liberian President Charles Taylor, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1701; Public Law 107-115, Sec. 531; (H. Doc. No. 114—76); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
3456. A communication from the President 
of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion that the continuation of the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was de-clared in Executive Order 12938, as amended, is to continue in effect for one year beyond November 14, 2015, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1622(d); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 202(d); (H. Doc. No. 114—77); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
3457. A letter from the Special Inspector 
General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, transmitting the twenty-ninth quarterly re-port to Congress on Afghanistan Reconstruc-tion, in accordance with Sec. 1229 of Pub. L. 110-181; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3458. A letter from the Comptroller, De-
partment of Defense, transmitting notifica-tion of the release of the Department of De-fense Agency Financial FY 2015 Report, in accordance with the provisions of 31 U.S.C. Secs. 902 and 3515; and in accordance with provisions of 10 U.S.C. Sec. 480, the report will be submitted electronically to Congress on or before November 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3459. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Office’s Sta-tistical Programs of the United States Gov-ernment report for FY 2016; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
3460. A letter from the President, Overseas 
Private Investment Corporation, transmit-ting the Corporation’s annual report on its audit and investigative activities, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. Sec. 8G(h)(2); Public Law 95- 452, Sec. 8G(h)(2), (as added by Public Law 100-504, Sec. 104(a)); (102 Stat. 2525); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3461. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Secretary, Policy, Management and Budget, Department of the Interior, transmitting notification that the Depart-ment has made additional payments to eligi-ble local governments under the 2015 Pay-ments in Lieu of Taxes Program; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3462. A letter from the Endangered Species 
Listing Branch Chief, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threat-ened Species Status for Black Pinesnake With 4(d) Rule [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2014- 0046; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BA03) received No-vember 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3463. A letter from the Endangered Species 
Listing Branch Chief, Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Des-ignation of Critical Habitat for Brickellia 
mosieri (Florida Brickell-bush) and Linum carteri var. carteri (Carter’s Small-flowered Flax) [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2013-0108] (RIN: 1018-AZ64) received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3464. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Re-
covery and State Grants, Ecological Services Program, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Endangered and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.000 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8238 November 16, 2015 
Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Establish-
ment of a Nonessential Experimental Popu-lation of Black-footed Ferrets in Wyoming [Docket No.: FWS-R6-ES-2015-0013; FXES11130900000C6-145-FF09E42000] (RIN: 
1018-BA42) received November 6, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3465. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE224) received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3466. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015-2016 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 140904754- 5188-02] (RIN: 0648-BF40) received November 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3467. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Carib-bean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coral, Coral Reefs, and Live/Hard Bottom Habitats of the South Atlantic Region; Amendment 8; Correction [Docket No.: 140214145-5582-02] (RIN: 0648-BD81) received November 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3468. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper- Grouper Resources of the South Atlantic; Trip Limit Reduction for Gag Grouper [Docket No.: 130403320-4891-02] (RIN: 0648- XE245) received November 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
3469. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migra-tory Species; Technical Amendment to Reg-ulations [Docket No.: 150727647-5877-01] (RIN: 0648-BF30) received November 13, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3470. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; ‘‘Other Rockfish’’ in the Central and Western Regulatory Areas of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791- 4999-02] (RIN: 0648-XE213) received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3471. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the Re-port to Congress on the Eighth Annual Gov-
ernment-to-Government Violence Against Women Tribal Consultation, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 14045d(c); Public Law 109-162, Sec. 903(c); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
3472. A letter from the Program Analyst, 
NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Direct Final Rulemaking Procedures [NHTSA-2013-0042] (RIN: 2127-AL32) received November 12, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
3473. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting a let-ter to amend the previous submission, dated October 2, 2015, for FY 2015, which inac-curately reported total Pershing Hall Re-volving Fund expenditures, pursuant to Pub. L. 102-86, Sec. 403(d)(6)(C); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
3474. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s tem-porary regulations — Preparer Tax Identi-fication Number (PTIN) User Fee Update [TD 9742] (RIN: 1545-BN03) received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
3475. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — General Allocation and Account-ing Regulations Under Section 141; Remedial Actions for Tax-Exempt Bonds [TD 9741] (RIN: 1545-BB23; 1545-BC07; 1545-BH48] re-ceived November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3476. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Salvage Discount Factors and Pay-ment Patterns for 2015 (Rev. Proc. 2015-54) re-ceived November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3477. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Unpaid Losses Discount Factors and Payment Patterns for 2015 (Rev. Proc. 2015- 52) received November 6, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3478. A letter from the Chief, Trade and 
Commercial Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Customs and Border Pro-tection’s Bond Program [CBP Dec. 15-15] [USCBP-2006-0013] (RIN: 1515-AD56 [formerly 1505-AB54]) received November 12, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
3479. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a report entitled, ‘‘Report to Con-gress on the Administration, Cost and Im-pact of the Quality Improvement Organiza-tion Program for Medicare Beneficiaries for Fiscal Year 2013’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1320c-10; Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XI, Sec. 1161 (as amended by Public Law 97-248, Sec. 143); (96 Stat. 392); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
3480. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting legislative proposals which would significantly strengthen the protections afforded to servicemembers and their families under ex-
isting civil rights laws; jointly to the Com-mittees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Af-fairs, the Judiciary, House Administration, and Natural Resources. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Pursuant to the order of the House on Novem-
ber 5, 2015 the following report was filed on November 9, 2015.] 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1737. A bill to nullify cer-tain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection and to provide require-ments for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending (Rept. 114–329). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
[Submitted November 16, 2015] 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1317. A bill to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate trans-actions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–311, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1210. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide a safe har-bor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository insti-tution’s portfolio, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–330). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 2912. A bill to establish a commission to examine the United States monetary policy, evaluate alternative mone-tary regimes, and recommend a course for monetary policy going forward (Rept. 114– 331). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 3189. A bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to establish require-ments for policy rules and blackout periods 
of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to reform the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System is audited, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–332, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3859. A bill to make technical corrections to the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Rept. 114–333). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 3875. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–334). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 2270. A bill to redesig-nate the Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty National Historic Site within the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Mar 26, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\NOV 2015\H16NO5.REC H16NO5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8239 November 16, 2015 
wildlife refuge, and for other purposes; with 
amendments (Rept. 114–335). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2360. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the approval of certain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–336). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 3032. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal a certain reporting requirement of the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission (Rept. 114– 337). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1478. A bill to provide for notice to, and input by, State insurance commissioners when requiring an insurance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation places a lien against an in-surance company’s assets, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–338). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 2243. A bill to suspend the current compensation packages for the sen-ior executives of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and establish compensation for such po-sitions in accordance with rates of pay for senior employees in the Executive Branch of the Federal Government, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 114–339, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 526. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide require-ments for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending; pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 511) to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–340). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2243 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3189 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. B RADY of Texas, and 
Mr. L EVIN): 
H.R. 3996. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and 
Commerce, Ways and Means, Natural Re-sources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. con-sidered and passed. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. 
C
LYBURN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, and Mrs. B USTOS ): 
H.R. 3997. A bill to amend MAP-21 to estab-
lish a veterans business enterprises program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Small Busi-ness, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 3998. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to commence pro-ceedings related to the resiliency of critical telecommunications networks during times of emergency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HUDSON (for himself, Mr. 
F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
HOLDING , Mr. L ONG, Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. 
MCCAUL): 
H.R. 3999. A bill to require that the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security certify that ref-ugees admitted to the United States from Iraq or Syria are not security threats to the United States prior to admission; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 4000. A bill to harmonize requirements 
of the 2008 and 2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE , and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 4001. A bill to make technical amend-
ments to title 18 of the United States Code based on the Law Revision Counsel’s foot-notes in that title; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. L ABRADOR , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia): 
H.R. 4002. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to make various improvements in Federal criminal law, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California 
(for herself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-
gan, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): 
H.R. 4003. A bill to require reports on agen-
cy rules with criminal penalties for the vio-lation thereof, to evaluate the necessity and prudence of such rules remaining in effect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mr. D
ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 4004. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to repeal the suspension of eligibility for grants, loans, and work assist-ance for drug-related offenses; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. BASS (for herself, Ms. H
AHN, 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , and Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California): 
H.R. 4005. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, 
United States Code, to allow local hiring for transportation projects; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself and Mr. 
M
OULTON ): 
H.R. 4006. A bill to provide the public with 
access to the laws of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 4007. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to require U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement, upon the request of a law enforcement official, to make a prompt determination of whether to issue a detainer in the case of an alien ar-rested for a violation of Federal, State, or local law; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California (for 
herself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
and Mr. E LLISON ): 
H.R. 4008. A bill to protect victims of crime 
or serious labor violations from deportation during Department of Homeland Security en-forcement actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mrs. C
ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and 
Mr. H ASTINGS ): 
H.R. 4009. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to treat flame-throwers the same as machineguns; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. 
G
RIJALVA , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 4010. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 522 North Central Avenue in Phoenix, Ari-zona, as the ‘‘Ed Pastor Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mrs. 
K
IRKPATRICK , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
HONDA , and Ms. E STY): 
H.R. 4011. A bill to increase the number of 
graduate medical education positions treat-ing veterans, to improve the compensation of health care providers, medical directors, and directors of Veterans Integrated Service Net-works of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 4012. A bill to provide for a supple-
mentary payment to Social Security bene-ficiaries, supplemental security income beneficiaries, and recipients of veterans ben-efits, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.052 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8240 November 16, 2015 
to the Committees on Transportation and In-
frastructure, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 4013. A bill to create an equitable and 
excellent education system in the United States so that every child, regardless of race, ethnicity, social class, or State of residence, can receive a high-quality, academically rig-orous education in a local public school; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself and Mr. 
E
NGEL ): 
H.R. 4014. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a distracted driving education grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 4015. A bill to amend title III of the 
Public Health Service Act to authorize and support the creation of cardiomyopathy edu-cation, awareness, and risk assessment ma-terials and resources by the Secretary of Health and Human Services through the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention and the dissemination of such materials and re-sources by State educational agencies to identify more at-risk families; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. N UNES , 
and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): 
H.R. 4016. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the limitation on the carryover of excess corporate charitable contributions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D UNCAN  
of Tennessee, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, and 
Mr. P OEof Texas): 
H.R. 4017. A bill to recognize that Chris-
tians and Yazidis in Iraq, Syria, Pakistan, Iran, and Libya are targets of genocide, and to provide for the expedited processing of im-migrant and refugee visas for such individ-uals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
and Mr. P OSEY ): 
H.R. 4018. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to establish deferred present-ment transaction requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Mr. 
H
UFFMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K ILMER , 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. T ED 
LIEU of California, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
POCAN , and Mr. K EATING ): 
H.R. 4019. A bill to amend the Marine 
Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to prohibit the taking, importation, and exportation of Orcas and Orca products for public display, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 4020. A bill to increase the number 
and percentage of students who graduate from high school college and career ready with the ability to use knowledge to solve complex problems, think critically, commu-nicate effectively, collaborate with others, and develop academic mindsets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 4021. A bill to award grants to encour-
age State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and schools to utilize technology to improve student achievement and college and career readiness, the skills of teachers and school leaders, and the effi-ciency and productivity of education sys-tems at all levels; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for 
himself, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. O LSON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
SANFORD , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , and Mr. C ULBERSON ): 
H.R. 4022. A bill to amend the National 
Labor Relations Act to reform the National Labor Relations Board, the Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, and the process for appellate review, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD (for himself, 
Mr. C
LYBURN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
BECERRA , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Ms. M OORE , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
HOYER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. 
DELAURO , and Mr. S CALISE ): 
H. Con. Res. 93. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment; to the Committee on House Administration. consid-ered and agreed to. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. 
E
NGEL ): 
H. Res. 524. A resolution condemning in the 
strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Paris, France, on November 13, 2015, that re-sulted in the loss of at least 129 lives; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H. Res. 525. A resolution urging the Admin-
istration to work with North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization member states to invoke Ar-ticle 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty in re-sponse to the Paris attacks; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. JOYCE (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. E STY, and 
Mr. H ONDA ): 
H. Res. 527. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of American Education Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Ms. 
J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. H AHN, Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, 
and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H. Res. 528. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the Victims of the Terror Protection Fund; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
149. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the General Assembly of the State of Ohio, relative to House Resolution Number 107, requesting the Congress of the United States to renew funding for Save the Dream Ohio through the United States Department of the Treasury’s Hardest Hit Fund, to con-tinue to provide assistance to homeowners in the state of Ohio at risk of foreclosure; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: 
H.R. 3996. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting Taxes, and providing for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 3997. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have Power to . . . provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 3998. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 3999. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Foreign Commerce Clause (art. I, sec. 
8, cl. 3); The Naturalization Clause (art. I, sec. 8, cl. 4); Necessary and Proper Clause (art. I, sec. 8, cl. 18). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16NO7.100 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8241 November 16, 2015 
By Mr. FLORES: 
H.R. 4000. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. BUCK: 
H.R. 4001. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 4002. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: 
H.R. 4003. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Ms. BASS: 
H.R. 4004. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 1. 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Ms. BASS: 
H.R. 4005. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 1. 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 4006. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The volumes of the United States Statutes 
at Large compile the legal acts of the gov-ernment of the United States, including leg-islative measures enacted pursuant to pow-ers throughout Article I of the Constitution and constitutional amendments proposed under Article V of the Constitution. It is both necessary and proper (Article I, Section 8, Clause 18) for the legal history of the United States to be accessible to the People in an accessible format on the Internet. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 4007. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: 
H.R. 4008. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 4009. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. Art. I § 8. By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 4010. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. GALLEGO: 
H.R. 4011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 4012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 4013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 4014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the powers 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: 
H.R. 4015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have power to make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. PAULSEN: 
H.R. 4016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 4017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the U.S. 
Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturaliza-tion, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. ROSS: 
H.R. 4018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power ....  T o  regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. SCHIFF: 
H.R. 4019. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Orca Responsibility and Care Advance-
ment Act is constitutionally authorized under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘the Commerce Clause’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘the Necessary and Proper Clause.’’ Additionally, the Preamble to the Constitution provides support of the author-ity to enact legislation to promote the Gen-eral Welfare. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 4020. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 4021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: 
H.R. 4022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia. 
H.R. 140: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 188: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 213: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 221: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 250: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 320: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 379: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 402: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 407: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 452: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 463: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 503: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 517: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 535: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 563: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 578: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 592: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 662: Mr. S IMPSON and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 663: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 664: Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 700: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 707: Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 716: Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 766: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 793: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 816: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 835: Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 842: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 845: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 865: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 870: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 885: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 921: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 969: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 973: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and 
Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 985: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 994: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 997: Mr. L OUDERMILK and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 1111: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T AKAI, and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1205: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. L EE, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN . 
H.R. 1301: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
FOSTER , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. L AHOODand Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 1453: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.056 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8242 November 16, 2015 
H.R. 1460: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H.R. 1512: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. V ARGAS and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. C OSTA , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , 
and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 1567: Ms. E STY, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1571: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1582: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1603: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. K EATING , Mr. C URBELO of 
Florida, Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. G RAHAM , and Mr. 
BOST. 
H.R. 1625: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 1706: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1714: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 1748: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. W ALZ, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. N OLAN , 
and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1751: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1763: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , and Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H.R. 1784: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.R. 1902: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1978: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1982: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2050: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. 
FOSTER . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2144: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2209: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 2241: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 2254: Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 2280: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 2293: Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 2382: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. C ONAWAY and Mr. S MITH of 
Texas. 
H.R. 2442: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2515: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
KIND. 
H.R. 2516: Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 2522: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois 
and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2540: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2568: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2597: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2635: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2641: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2646: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2715: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2716: Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 2739: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 2759: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2766: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2849: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2878: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Ms. A DAMS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . 
H.R. 2901: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. 
PALAZZO . 
H.R. 2903: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 2915: Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2957: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. S MITH 
of Washington. 
H.R. 2972: Ms. K USTER and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 3040: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3061: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3094: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3096: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 3164: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3225: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 3229: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3278: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 3294: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. C AL-
VERT , and Mr. L UCAS . 
H.R. 3319: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 3328: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 3338: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3339: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3351: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3355: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OOPER , and 
Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 3381: Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 3406: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 3410: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3411: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 3427: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
PALLONE , and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 3437: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. Benishek, and Mr. 
FORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
HUDSON , and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3520: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 3535: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 3541: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3542: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3546: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. 
H.R. 3549: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 3552: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 3553: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 3566: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. Y OHO, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. R IGELL , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. B OST, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. 
GUINTA , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. S CALISE , Mr. C ALVERT , and 
Mr. H OLDING . 
H.R. 3588: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 3666: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H.R. 3684: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 3690: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 3691: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 3700: Mr. B ARRand Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 3705: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C RENSHAW , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 3711: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L ORETTA SAN-
CHEZ of California, Mr. B ECERRA , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
AGUILAR , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 3713: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. O LSON , Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . 
H.R. 3714: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H ANNA , and 
Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 3760: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 3761: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 3765: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 3785: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 3790: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. R ICH-
MOND . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 3802: Mr. H ARRIS and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 3804: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 3805: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and 
Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 3806: Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
REICHERT , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. 
HECKof Washington. 
H.R. 3808: Mr. R OSS, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 3815: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 3830: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3833: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama, Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  
of New York. 
H.R. 3841: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3842: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 3852: Mr. T ONKO and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 3859: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3862: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , and Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina. 
H.R. 3870: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3880: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. N OEM, 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , and Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 3914: Mr. N UNES and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3918: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.R. 3921: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3926: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 3927: Mr. V ANHOLLEN and Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS of California. 
H.R. 3928: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. N EAL, Mr. C ARTER  
of Texas, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
BARR, Mr. N UNES , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:16 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.062 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8243 November 16, 2015 
ROKITA , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
PAULSEN , and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 3943: Ms. D ELAURO and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3944: Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 3946: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 3956: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3957: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 3965: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 3973: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 3977: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3980: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 3982: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 3984: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 3986: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 3988: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.J. Res. 33: Mr. G IBBS. 
H.J. Res. 71: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. R OKITA , 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H.J. Res. 72: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. R OKITA , 
Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia, Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. 
COFFMAN . 
H. Con. Res. 50: Ms. E STY. 
H. Res. 131: Mr. C OOPER . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. V ALADAO and Ms. 
PLASKETT . 
H. Res. 210: Ms. G ABBARD and Ms. M ENG. H. Res. 289: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H. Res. 386: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia. 
H. Res. 438: Mr. C OOPER . 
H. Res. 467: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mr. C OSTELLO  
of Pennsylvania. 
H. Res. 494: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
ROGERS of Alabama, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C UL-
BERSON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. B OST, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. Z INKE. 
H. Res. 501: Mr. R OSS. 
H. Res. 502: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. Maxine Waters of Cali-
fornia. 
H. Res. 505: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. K IND, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. T ED 
LIEU of California, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, 
and Mr. B ECERRA . 
H. Res. 506: Mr. Y ARMUTH and Ms. K USTER . 
H. Res. 510: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H. Res. 511: Mr. P AYNE . H. Res. 513: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 514: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. H ARRIS , and 
Mr. W ALBERG . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1694: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 3403: Ms. G RANGER . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
35. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the City of Miami Commission, relative to Resolution R-15-0454, urging the President and members of Congress to provide trans-parency, public participation, and collabora-tion during the discussions of the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership Agreement and to consider the opinions of hard working Americans while deliberating the terms and ramifica-tions of the agreement; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO7.067 H16NOPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7959 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 2015 No. 168 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, our shelter in the time 
of storm, in an anxious, troubled, and violent world, we turn to You seeking light and life for our day, faith and freedom for our world, and triumph and truth for this generation. 
Abide with our lawmakers. Make 
them mindful of Your presence, eager to do Your will, and committed to serve this land we love. Lord, use them to work for the triumph of truth. Strengthen them with Your Spirit so that they will meet today’s challenges with daring faith and transcendent wis-dom. 
Hasten the day when justice shall 
reign in the relationships of people, and peace shall regulate the affairs of nations. 
Lord, bless the people of France. We pray in Your sovereign Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST 
FRANCE 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, as the Sen-
ate convenes today, the world faces yet another horrific terrorist act, this time 
against America’s oldest ally, France. Across our great Nation, Americans have displayed the French flag across buildings, monuments, and Facebook pages in solidarity with France, a country with which we have long shared democratic values. 
We, too, have felt the searing shock 
and pain of terrorism on our own soil, and just as France stood with us after the 9/11 attacks, we stand with France today. I personally express my condo-lences for those in France who lost a loved one. To the mothers, fathers, grandparents, children, friends, and relatives, we mourn with you. To all those in the midst of caring for loved ones, those injured in these evil at-tacks—as hundreds were—our hearts and our thoughts are with you. 
There are no words to adequately de-
scribe the barbarism of ISIS, the orga-nization that carried out this attack and mowed down innocent civilians en-joying the freedom and beauty of a Paris night, but as we know, the at-tacks in Paris do not stand alone. ISIS has viciously attacked innocent people in Beirut, Syria, Iraq, Libya, and other places. They have beheaded Americans, beheaded others, instituted a policy of rape and violence against women, and are attempting to take civilization back to the Dark Ages. ISIS does not worship Islam. ISIS worships death. ISIS doesn’t practice compassion and mercy. ISIS practices killing, torture, and violence. Instead of guiding its fol-lowers on the straight and narrow path, ISIS guides them to hate. 
As Pope Francis said yesterday: 
The road of violence and hate does not re-
solve the problems of humanity. Using God’s name to justify this path is blasphemy. 
The Pope is right. 
Law-abiding Muslims—many of 
whom have also been innocent victims of terror—must not allow these radi-cals to be the face of their religion. We cannot allow it. They cannot allow it. I know I speak for the Senate in saying we are all committed to stopping ISIS. 
We are united in supporting France in every possible way, as the people of France move forward after these at-tacks. 
I repeat, as the Pope said yesterday: 
The road of violence and hate does not re-
solve the problems of humanity. Using God’s name to justify this path is blasphemy. 
Will the Chair announce today’s busi-
ness. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE HONOR OF SERVING MY 
STATE AND COUNTRY 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
I received an announcement of a life-time. At 4 p.m. today, the President of the United States informed me that I will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I want to thank him for this honor and to say that I am deeply, deeply touched to join this group on November 14 of 17 Americans to receive this award. 
The Presidential Medal of Freedom is 
the Nation’s highest civilian honor. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.000 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7960 November 16, 2015 
is presented to individuals who have es-
pecially made contributions to the se-curity and national interests of the United States, to people who have worked for world peace, who have found cures for incredible diseases, and who have done cultural and other sig-nificant things of public or private en-deavors. To join that group I am, in-deed, so honored. For the President to do this has been something that I could never have anticipated. 
I have been very deeply honored to 
serve the people of Maryland and of this Nation. To the people of Maryland, I thank you. I could never have had the opportunity to serve in the public sphere in such a way had they not hon-ored me with their confidence and trust by voting for me. I am so thank-ful for the opportunity that they have given me to actually serve my State and my country. 
Yes, I am the longest serving woman 
in the Senate. But for me, it is not how long I have served but how well I have tried to serve. To me, service is about being connected to my constituents, staying close to them, making sure they don’t fall between the cracks, and looking out for their day-to-day needs—whether a Social Security check, helping a veteran or working on issues such as college affordability. 
For me, service has been rooted in 
the values I learned in my home and in my community. I think today of my fa-ther and mother, who worked so hard so that my sisters and I would get an education. They owned a small neigh-borhood grocery store. Every day at 6 in the morning, my father would walk across the street from our row house home and open up the door of his gro-cery store and say: Good morning. Can I help you? 
That is the way I was raised, and 
that is what I have carried with me every single day; that is: Good morn-ing. Can I help you? But they also saw that my sisters and I had a fantastic education. I had the opportunity to go to Catholic schools, and there the sis-ters taught us about leadership and service. But actually they focused on the values of our faith: Love your neighbor, care for the sick, worry about the poor, always insist that neighbors should help neighbors, and it is better to light one little candle than to curse the darkness. 
We were also raised to believe in the 
American dream. My great-grand-mother came to this country from Po-land. She had little money in her pock-et. Women didn’t even have the right to vote when she arrived. She had a big dream in her heart. If you worked hard and played by the rules, life would be better for you. She never thought, coming as she did, that her own great- granddaughter would one day be a U.S. Senator. But then that is only in America, where my story has been pos-sible. 
Only in America do we have this in-
credible right to speak our mind. I got into politics as a protester. They want-ed to put a highway through the neigh-
borhood in which I grew up and some other neighborhoods in the city. I orga-nized the ‘‘Hell no, we won’t go’’ com-mittee and took on city hall. 
Do you know what is so great about 
this country? In others, they put you in jail and beat you. In this country, they sent me to the city council, and I beat the political bosses. 
This is an amazing country. Our Con-
stitution, the freedoms guaranteed in it—the freedom of assembly, the free-dom to speak, and most of all, the free-dom to serve and to be all that you can be—has been a marvelous gift. 
In a few days, I will be honored by 
the President of the United States, but the real honor has always been to be here. I never dreamed such an honor would come my way, nor did I seek it. I am so deeply honored to be touched by this, and I am honored to be among the people who will get this award. Among those who will be honored is the dearly beloved Shirley Chisholm, whom I served with in the House. She was always unbought and unbossed. Willie Mays will be honored. He always brought it home and knew where home plate was. Barbra Streisand, who al-ways hit the high notes, and, of course, even Yogi Berra, who shared my love of language, are going to be honored. Young, distinguished Americans like Katherine Johnson, who was one of the first African Americans in space, and Lee Hamilton, who worked both in Congress and in the private sector to bring about world peace, will be hon-ored. What a distinguished group of Americans, and I will be glad to stand with them. 
I wish to thank President Obama for 
this tremendous honor. I thank the people of Maryland for this tremendous opportunity to serve, and I thank the United States of America for enabling someone like me to follow her dream. I hope, in getting this award, that I will continue to make my pledge to be of service. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider 
the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Hall nomination. 
The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for about 6 or 7 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST FRANCE AND  
SYRIAN REFUGEES  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
want to express my deepest sympathies to the people of Paris and all those af-fected by the terrorist attacks of Is-lamic extremists. As we all know, hun-dreds of people were killed or injured in the attacks, including at least one American citizen. No one should be faced with horrific violence when at-tending a soccer game or concert or simply carrying out their daily lives. On behalf of Iowans, I stand with the people of France. I offer our support in recovering from and responding to those attacks. 
Unfortunately, there is fear that 
similar attacks could soon take place on U.S. soil. There is even a video that ISIS released earlier today threatening to attack America. Moreover, if we fol-low the administration’s announced plans to bring in thousands of new Syr-ian refugees, we could very well be let-ting in similar extremists who want to harm Americans. That is because it ap-pears that at least one of the ISIS ter-rorists in Paris had recently registered as a Syrian refugee in the country of Greece. Until last Friday, he appeared to all the world to be no different from any of the other thousands of people fleeing the chaos in Syria. This could happen here too. 
The No. 1 responsibility under the 
Constitution of our Federal Govern-ment is to protect the homeland and to secure the country against all threats. We must do all we can to prevent a ter-rorist style attack from happening here, but under the administration’s proposed plan, we may not be able to stop such an attack. We cannot tell who among the thousands of Syrian refugees the administration wishes to resettle here are terrorists. One par-ticularly alarming statement to this effect came from the Director of the FBI, James Comey. He was in a hearing before the Senate Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs just on October 8 of this year. Di-rector Comey said ‘‘there are certain gaps . . . in the data available to us’’ in screening Syrian refugees. This data, which includes fingerprints, back-ground and biographic information, is crucial for an adequate screening of po-tential refugees entering the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.008 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7961 November 16, 2015 
States. Director Comey continued in 
that hearing saying, ‘‘There is risk as-sociated with bringing anybody in from the outside, but especially from a con-flict zone like that.’’ 
Director Comey has also previously 
acknowledged that despite a large pool of data on Iraqi refugees, our past pro-gram for admitting refugees from Iraq inadvertently allowed into our country ‘‘a number of people who were of seri-ous concern, including two that were charged when we found their finger-prints on improvised explosive devices from Iraq.’’ 
Our ability to screen individuals 
from war-torn Syria is extremely lim-ited by comparison. Several States’ Governors have recognized this dif-ficulty and have accordingly moved to suspend cooperation with the adminis-tration in settling Syrian refugees in their States until those security con-cerns are addressed. I share such con-cerns for protecting our country against terrorists who have clearly in-filtrated the Syrian refugee population. I recently wrote a letter to the leaders of the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee. In that letter I asked that tax-payers’ funds be used effectively to properly and securely screen refugees entering the United States. I also re-quested in the letter that as part of the appropriations legislation before the committee, it require a comprehensive plan on how security will be achieved. I requested this be a condition for any funding for refugee resettlement for Syrian refugees. I said then and I em-phasize now that not one dollar should be expended until stringent parameters for vetting these refugees are estab-lished. 
I would also suggest to President 
Obama that he reconsider his plan to admit Syrian refugees until the dust settles and we get to the bottom of the Paris attacks. We need to analyze what happened. We need to figure out how we can better screen these refugees and ensure that terrorists among them are not evading proper screenings. We need a timeout before we press forward. 
I stress that the United States re-
mains an extremely generous country when it comes to refugees. This year alone we will allow 75,000 refugees flee-ing persecution around the world to enter our country, but we have to set our own citizens’ security as a top pri-ority. I call on Congress to act to en-sure that this administration certifies that the most stringent security stand-ards are in place before allowing any more of the Syrian refugees into our country. It is our responsibility to do everything we can to prevent Friday’s attacks from happening here. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
rise to urge my colleagues to vote to 
confirm this qualified judge, LaShann DeArcy Hall, to the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York. 
Ms. Hall is an outstanding choice to 
fill this position. After decades of serv-ice in both the public sector and the 
private sector, Ms. Hall’s breadth of knowledge and depth of experience will guide her for any case that happens to come before her. In her current role at a major international law firm, Ms. Hall specializes in high-stakes, com-plex commercial litigation. During her years of public service, including her time serving as a commissioner with the New York State Joint Commission on Public Ethics, Ms. Hall has worked tirelessly to help make her community a more fair and just place. 
Ms. Hall’s credentials are absolutely 
worthy of this position on the Federal bench, and we will be a stronger nation with more women like Ms. Hall serving as judges in our Federal court system. 
Ms. Hall is a graduate of Howard Uni-
versity School of Law and she served in the U.S. Air Force. She is a highly ac-complished lawyer, and she has devoted her entire career to various forms of public service. She is dedicated to her community, and she cares deeply about this country. LaShann DeArcy Hall would make an excellent Federal judge and would add much needed diversity to the Federal bench. 
Mr. President, I urge all my col-
leagues to vote to confirm her. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that all time re-maining on this nomination be yielded back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the Hall nomina-tion? 
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ), the Sen-
ator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), and the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The result was announced—yeas 93, 
nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 305 Ex.] 
YEAS—93 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin 
Barrasso Bennet 
Blumenthal Booker 
Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley 
Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—1 
Perdue 
NOT VOTING—6 
Blunt Cotton Cruz Graham 
Sanders Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Under the previous order, 
the motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
MASTER SERGEANT JOSHUA L . WHEELER  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, the Pre-
siding Officer, Senator L ANKFORD , and I 
want to recognize and pay tribute to Army MSG Joshua Wheeler. Joshua was born in Roland, OK. He was de-ployed to Kirkuk Province, Iraq, in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. I didn’t remember him at the time, but I was there during that time. He was deployed to Kirkuk to support Oper-ation Inherent Resolve. That was his 14th deployment in combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. Joshua’s unit, along with Iraqi and Kurdish forces, raided a compound near the city of Kirkuk, freeing 70 prisoners from cap-tivity. Josh died of injuries sustained in that firefight. He would have turned 40 this month. 
Josh attended and graduated from 
Muldrow High School in 1994, and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.010 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7962 November 16, 2015 
classmate of his, Ms. Tra Moreland, 
said this about Josh and his character: 
If you would have asked me 20 years ago, 
would he be the man—the kind of man to do this, to give his life for everyone else? I’d say most definitely! I wish everybody could have known him! 
Josh enlisted in the Army straight 
out of high school. During his military career, he served in the 24th Infantry Regiment, 75th Ranger Regiment, and from 2004 until the events that bring us here today, he was assigned to the U.S. Army Special Operations Command, where he served with the Delta Force. 
I think we all understand what the 
Delta Force is all about. It is a unit of the elite, the very best of the best. That was Josh—the best of the best. Josh was the epitome of a selfless and patriotic soldier. 
Mr. Lance Hunter, Sergeant Wheel-
er’s friend of 30 years, said that Josh was the kind of person who would stop and help a stranger change a tire on the side of the road and always dedi-cated himself to challenges. 
When he enlisted, I knew he would go as 
far as he could go. He was made to be a sol-dier. 
A soldier he was. During his career, 
Master Sergeant Wheeler had earned 11 Bronze Stars, including 4 with Valor Device, and countless other medals. He was posthumously awarded the Purple Heart for his actions during the raid on the ISIS prison. He is a true American hero. 
Secretary of Defense Ash Carter ex-
pressed how selfless Sergeant Wheeler’s actions were, stating that ‘‘they weren’t part of the original rescue mis-sion plan, but were critical to the mis-sion’s success.’’ In other words, he did something he didn’t have to do. Still, the Secretary is one of thousands who know what a hero Josh really is. 
I was honored to hear that his home-
town honored him by engraving his name in a stone monument and releas-ing hundreds of balloons in his mem-ory. On top of being a highly decorated soldier, he was a consummate family man and father of four. Joshua’s grand-father, Mr. Jack Shamblin of Roland, OK, said his grandson loved fishing and hunting and was a family man and was always taking care of everyone else, in-cluding his four half sisters. 
His brother Zack said: 
He was a soldier, but I didn’t realize he had 
all of these accomplishments, all these achievements—it just blows my mind. He’s an American hero, he just wanted to take care of people. 
Ms. April Isa, a classmate of Josh’s 
and an English teacher now at the old high school said: 
He was always funny, even mischievous, 
but always the guy who seemed like he had your back. Most of our class was cliques, but he wasn’t with just one group. He was friends with everyone. 
Josh lived a life for his family and 
friends. I had occasion to talk to Ash-ley, and I found out that he was a real Jesus guy. He loved everyone, and he knew what was going to happen to him, and we know where he is today. He will 
be remembered for his commitment to and belief in the greatness of our Na-tion, and his memory and legacy will continue forever in the love of his wife Ashley and his four sons, Zachariah, Matthew, Joshua Junior, and the youngest, David, just 3 months old. 
The fight that took Josh’s life is 
tragic. But make no mistake; his sac-rifice made a difference and will con-tinue to make a difference, not just in Iraq but in the security of our great Nation. We are safe in our country, and it is secure because of Josh and our service men and women. We must con-tinue our unwavering support of them. 
I extend our deepest gratitude and 
condolences to Josh’s family. Senator L
ANKFORD and I are honored to pay 
tribute to this true American hero who volunteered to go into the fight and to make the ultimate sacrifice of his life for our freedom. It is my sincere hope that his family takes solace in know-ing that their husband, father, brother, grandson, and friend is a true Amer-ican hero and will not be forgotten. We say God bless you, Josh. We will see you again. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
I
NHOFE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor of the Senate today to talk about the sacrifice of one of Oklahoma’s own, MSG Joshua Wheeler of Roland, OK, Sequoyah County, America. The current Presiding Officer today is Senator I
NHOFE , and the two of 
us together recognize and celebrate the life of someone who laid down his life for the Nation. 
Roland and Muldrow are proud towns 
in eastern Oklahoma. It is Cherokee country, where families take care of other families and small-town Amer-ican patriotism still thrives. It is the land of tall trees and very strong churches. 
Josh was killed in action on October 
22 while liberating captives held by ISIL in northern Iraq. Josh was part of a team assisting Kurdish commandos to rescue 70 hostages who were about to be executed by Islamic State mili-tants. There was aerial reconnaissance that had shown a newly dug mass grave at the prison where these 70 prisoners were being held. 
When the Kurdish attack on the pris-
on where the hostages were being held stalled, Master Sergeant Wheeler re-sponded. He could not watch the Kurd-ish forces face the attack without help. He would not allow those men inside the facility to face execution when he could help them escape. Master Ser-geant Wheeler breached the wall. He engaged the enemy. The full force of 
the attack came directly at him, and he saved the day and six dozen men. 
You need to know that Master Ser-
geant Wheeler was the best of the best, the most highly trained warrior in the entire Department of Defense. Josh de-ployed three times as a Ranger in sup-port of combat operations in Afghani-stan and Iraq, then Master Sergeant Wheeler was assigned to the U.S. Army Special Operations Command in 2004 
and was deployed 11 additional times in support of combat operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
Master Sergeant Wheeler was highly 
decorated. We can see this from his uniform. Let me tell you a little bit about his awards. They included four Bronze Star Medals with Valor Device; seven Bronze Star Medals; the Defense Meritorious Service Medal; the Meri-torious Service Medal; the Air Medal; the Joint Service Commendation Medal with Valor Device; the Joint Service Commendation Medal; seven Army Commendation Medals; the Joint Service Achievement Medal; eight Army Achievement Medals; the Good Conduct Medal, sixth award; the Na-tional Defense Service Medal with Bronze Service Star; the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with three Bronze Service Stars; the Iraq Campaign Medal with six Bronze Service Stars; the Global War on Terrorism Expedi-tionary Medal; the Global War on Ter-rorism Service Medal; the Noncommis-sioned Officer Professional Develop-ment Ribbon, third award; the Army Service Ribbon; the Presidential Unit Citation; the Valorous Unit Award, second award; the Ranger Tab; the Combat Infantryman Badge; the Expert Infantryman Badge; the Master Para-chutist Badge; three Overseas Service Bars; and finally, posthumously, the Purple Heart. 
He did everything his country asked 
him to do and more. Master Sergeant Wheeler was the first American serv-iceman killed in combat in Iraq since 2011. Americans, Kurds, and Iraqis alike owe Master Sergeant Wheeler and his family our deepest gratitude and respect for a life of selfless service. John 15:13 tells us that no greater love is this, than one who lays down his life for his friends. Josh did exactly that. Master Sergeant Wheeler’s sacrifice ex-emplifies the highest virtue in defense of his family, friends, and Nation. 
Speaking of his friends, they called 
him a cutup. He was someone who made everyone laugh. He was a friend to everyone. 
I spoke to his wife Ashley last week, 
and she recounted his faith, toughness, and passion for his boys—all four of them. He was able to come home a few months ago for the birth of his fourth son. It was a peaceful and joyous res-pite from the brutal realities of war that Josh faced for years. 
Josh spent his life defending the 
weak and standing up for those who needed help. He spent much of his childhood caring for his siblings. He valued life, freedom, and duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.012 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7963 November 16, 2015 
In contrast to Master Sergeant 
Wheeler’s heroism and selflessness, let me remind you whom he was fighting against. In the days following the Paris attack, we understand that the barbar-ians of ISIL had no problem randomly killing people at a restaurant, soccer stadium, or concert. They kill for in-timidation and pleasure. They do not even value their own lives, much less the lives of the people around them. The Islamic State has committed some of the most horrific acts of death the modern world has ever seen. Their fight is against all modern society, and their goal is to return the world to a medieval state ruled by fear. They have abducted girls and women, called them subhuman for practicing the wrong re-ligion according to them, and sold them as sex slaves. In the world of ISIL, women can’t get an education, drive a car, or even have their own rights. They kill and torture anyone who doesn’t agree with them. Their reach extends to our own citizens. No one can forget the horrific deaths of James Foley, Stephen Sotloff, and Kayla Mueller, a 26-year-old woman who wanted to do good for the people of Syria but met pure evil when she got there. 
Recently, FBI Director James Comey 
spoke about ISIL’s attempts to inspire Americans to turn on each other with blind brutality. Go out and kill, they say. It doesn’t matter who, just act. Good men stand up to such evil. They don’t allow it to grow and multiply. 
We honor Master Sergeant Wheeler’s 
sacrifice and tenacious commitment to confront evil. We humbly thank his family for the sacrifice they made so that we may all live in a more peaceful world. Our Nation cannot say thank you loud enough or long enough to his family. 
When I spoke to Ashley, Josh’s wife, 
she recounted when the doorbell rang early that morning. It didn’t even cross her mind that it was about Josh. He was so tough and so dedicated. Who would have ever thought he would be gone? The painful and long process of grieving over a lost hero has just begun. Master Sergeant Wheeler was killed in action defending our freedom on October 22. His final service will be this week—just a few days before his birthday. The long days of Thanks-giving and Christmas are still ahead. 
Please join me in praying for the 
family of Master Sergeant Wheeler as our Nation grieves the loss of a hus-band, father, grandson, and friend to those who knew him. He is a hero to the Nation and the many lives he saved a month ago this week. May God bless Josh’s family. May his boys grow up to be men who remember their dad’s love for them and our Nation. 
With that, I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
(Mr. LANKFORD assumed the Chair.) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION, HOUSING AND 
URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 138, 
H.R. 2577, a bill making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 138, H.R. 2577, an act making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Mike 
Crapo, Richard C. Shelby, Richard Burr, Daniel Coats, Ben Sasse, Thom Tillis, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Chuck Grassley, Susan M. Collins, Thad Cochran, James Lankford, Lamar Alexander, Roy Blunt, Steve Daines. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call under rule XXII be waived with respect to the cloture vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACKS AGAINST 
FRANCE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
want to express what I know each of my colleagues feels today. We, the 100 men and women of the U.S. Senate, send our sincere condolences to the people of France. From across the At-lantic, Americans send condolences to the victims, to the families, and to the first responders. 
We understand the pain and the loss 
that accompany a terrorist attack. Some feel it in the most personal way. Some never come home. But everyone shares in the loss. In our case, many shared in the response and the recovery as well. In a dark hour we were reminded of 
the things that bound us together. I hope you will feel something similar take hold in your terrible hour as well. 
We have already seen rays of light 
begin to shine through the darkness. We saw it even last Friday. Then, as Paris reeled, a soft hum emanated from a tunnel. ‘‘March,’’ came the echo in French. ‘‘March on.’’ Enemies in his-tory and rivals on the soccer pitch had united around a common humanity. Dazed, disoriented but alive, French and German fans marched through the tunnels together. Some put defiance to verse. ‘‘Against us,’’ they sang, ‘‘tyr-anny has unfurled its bloody banner.’’ And indeed, that night it had. A song sung so many times before came alive with new meaning that horrible night. Many knew it as the French national anthem, but that night it became an aria for their sorrow and an ode to their fraternity. We heard it here, from an ocean away. 
We add our voices to the harmony 
now. We know that the attacks were not just directed at the victims we mourn today but also at modernity and the free world. 
President Obama has called ISIL the 
face of evil. It clearly presents a chal-lenge to NATO, to our moderate Sunni allies, and to the United States. It has also shown that it can attack innocent victims in the West, too—right where they live. These terrorists have de-clared their intention to do so again and again. 
We know that trying to contain 
ISIL’s conventional advance as an operational concept has proven insuffi-cient in the face of determined ter-rorist attacks, but we also know some-thing else. With resolve and determina-tion, ISIL can be defeated. It won’t be easy. It won’t come quickly or without cost, but we also have no other option. 
I look forward to engaging with 
President Obama to determine his strategy and the tools that will be nec-essary to achieve it. We are looking forward to hearing the President’s pro-posed strategy when Senators are briefed by the White House later this week. Whatever he does, though, I would encourage him to work coopera-tively with both parties on the way for-ward. This is a challenge that is going to require all of our efforts to confront, and it is a discussion that will be ongo-ing. 
But today is a time to remember and 
to reflect. We have the people of France in our thoughts today. That is true here in the Senate, and it is cer-tainly true out across our country. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today we 
will vote on the nomination of LaShann Hall to be a Federal district judge in the Eastern District of New York. She was nominated over a year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.013 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7964 November 16, 2015 
ago, and her nomination was voted out 
of the Judiciary Committee by unani-mous voice vote more than 5 months ago. Ms. Hall is an outstanding Afri-can-American attorney who will fill a judicial emergency vacancy. There is no reason Senate Republicans should have delayed her confirmation for this long. 
The Senate this week should also 
vote on the next nominee on the cal-endar, who was nominated on the same day over a year ago as Ms. Hall. Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo will be the first ever Hispanic judge from Pennsylvania on the third circuit. Judge Restrepo has strong bipartisan support from his home State Senators, Senator T
OOMEY  
and Senator C ASEY , and there is an ur-
gent need to fill the emergency va-cancy on the third circuit to which he has been nominated. I have heard no objection to his nomination, and Sen-ator T
OOMEY has said he not only 
strongly supports Judge Restrepo’s confirmation, but he also rec-ommended him to the President. I hope the majority leader will finally sched-ule his vote this week. 
In the 11 months that the Senate has 
been under Republican control this year, the Senate has only voted to con-firm nine judges. This obstruction has resulted in needless delays for hard- working Americans who seek justice in our Federal courts. Currently pending on the Senate floor are nominees who would fill judicial emergency vacancies in Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Min-nesota, New Jersey, Iowa, New York, and California. Senate Republicans have refused to alleviate the urgent needs in those States. It does not have to be this way. When Senate Demo-crats were in the majority during the last 2 years of the Bush Presidency, we had already confirmed 36 judges by this same time. We made sure that we ful-filled our constitutional duty to pro-vide advice and consent to ensure that the American people had a fully func-tioning Federal judiciary. 
Senate Republicans’ obstruction has 
caused judicial vacancies to pile up across the country. Since Senate Re-publicans took over the majority at the beginning of the year, judicial va-cancies have increased by more than 50 percent. The number of ‘‘judicial emer-gency’’ vacancies since Senate Repub-licans took the majority has risen by a stunning 158 percent. The American people deserve better. 
We should follow well-established 
Senate precedent by confirming all consensus nominees before the end of the year. Each of the judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar was reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by unanimous voice vote. And each has the backing of their home State Senators, including Republican Senators. In fact, the next nominee after Ms. Hall and Judge Restrepo is Travis McDonough who has been nomi-nated to fill a judicial vacancy on the Eastern District of Tennessee. Next week will mark the 1-year anniversary since Mr. McDonough was nominated, 
but it appears there is no relief in sight as his nomination continues to be held up by Senate Republicans, despite the strong support he has from his home State Senators, Senator A
LEXANDER  
and Senator C ORKER . I see no reason 
why he and the rest of the nominees pending should not be confirmed before we recess at the end of the year. As the New York Times put it in an editorial last Friday urging confirmation votes on all pending judicial nominees, ‘‘With each day that passes without a vote on Judge Restrepo and other nominees, Republicans undermine the justice system, and the biggest victims 
are ordinary Americans who cannot count on fully functioning courts.’’ I ask unanimous consent that this edi-torial be printed in the R
ECORD at the 
conclusion of my remarks. 
Shortly we will begin voting on 
LaShann Hall to fill a judicial emer-gency vacancy in the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of New York. She is currently a partner at the law firm of Morrison & Foerster, LLP, in New York, where she has practiced since 2010. She was previously in pri-vate practice at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP and at Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP. She has the support of her two home State Senators, Senator S
CHUMER and Senator G ILLIBRAND . She 
was voted out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by unanimous voice vote on June 4, 2015. I urge my fellow Senators to support her confirmation. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, Nov. 13, 2015] 
CONFIRM PRESIDENT OBAMA ’SJUDGES  
(By the Editorial Board) 
On Nov. 12, 2014, President Obama nomi-
nated Luis Felipe Restrepo to a judgeship on the federal Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judge Restrepo, who already sits on the United States District Court in Philadel-phia, seemed to secure the support of both Pennsylvania senators—Bob Casey, a Demo-crat, and Pat Toomey, a Republican. 
But that does not mean that Judge 
Restrepo, whom Mr. Toomey called ‘‘a very well-qualified candidate’’ who would ‘‘make a superb addition’’ to the appeals court, will actually get through the confirmation road-block led by Senate Republicans. Mr. Toomey, despite his professed support, is re-sponsible for a big part of it, refusing for six months to sign off on the nomination by ex-ploiting a pointless tradition that allows home-state senators to block a nomination with no explanation needed. He claimed that he was waiting for a background check, even though Judge Restrepo passed a check two years ago for his current job. The Senate Ju-diciary Committee approved Judge Restrepo for the appeals court seat in July. There has been no explanation for the holdup since then. 
As a Hispanic and a former public defender, 
Judge Restrepo would bring a needed meas-ure of ethnic and professional diversity to the court. But he is just one of many judicial nominees awaiting action. Thirteen have not received a hearing by the Judiciary Com-mittee, and 16 others, including Judge Restrepo, have been approved by the com-mittee, all unanimously, but are still wait-ing for a full vote on the Senate floor. Since Republicans took over in January, 
the Senate has confirmed only nine of Presi-dent Obama’s nominees, the slowest pace in more than half a century. Meanwhile, the seat Judge Restrepo would fill is one of 30 long-vacant federal judgeships the court sys-tem deems ‘‘judicial emergencies,’’ meaning they have a backlog of hundreds of cases. 
Republicans say that Mr. Obama has seen 
more of his judicial nominees confirmed than President George W. Bush had by this time in his tenure in 2007. But that is mainly because Senate Democrats in 2013 stopped Republicans from repeatedly using the fili-buster to block qualified nominees. After that, the Democratic-led Senate confirmed 96 of Mr. Obama’s picks. The more relevant fact is there are 67 judicial vacancies today, far more than the number of vacancies Mr. Bush faced in 2007. 
The larger problem here, of course, is that 
Republicans are blocking votes on highly qualified and noncontroversial nominees to vent their anger with the president, who in-furiated them with his now-stalled immigra-tion action, among other things. 
Judges are not the only casualties of this 
interbranch crossfire. Attorney General Lo-retta Lynch, another unquestionably quali-fied candidate, waited almost six months be-fore finally getting a vote. 
Senate Democrats should make these inex-
cusable delays a national issue. Mr. Obama, meanwhile, could start selecting judges him-self in states like Texas, Alabama, Wisconsin and Indiana, where senators refuse to give him any names at all. 
With each day that passes without a vote 
on Judge Restrepo and other nominees, Re-publicans undermine the justice system, and the biggest victims are ordinary Americans who cannot count on fully functioning courts. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL REVIEW 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor and congratulate National Re-view for 60 years of valuable contribu-tions to American political discourse. 
When a 29-year-old William F. Buck-
ley, Jr., published National Review’s first edition on November 19, 1955, it marked not just the birth of a maga-zine, but also the birth of the modern conservative movement. Under 45 years of Mr. Buckley’s leadership, National Review served as the standard bearer of conservative thought in America, where readers could expect to find leading thinkers such as Ronald Reagan, Margaret Thatcher, and Mil-ton Freidman to name a few. It influ-enced generations of conservatives, in-cluding this conservative, with its fre-quently humorous and always intel-ligent writing, and it consistently pub-lished valuable commentaries on public events and figures, foreign and domes-tic affairs, culture, politics, and the economy. 
During Mr. Buckley’s tenure, Na-
tional Review did more than just ob-serve and comment on the course of human events; it helped shape them. It played a central role in the ‘‘Reagan Revolution.’’ Its steadfast defense of liberty, free markets, and personal re-sponsibility provided much of the in-tellectual underpinnings of America’s triumph over communist tyranny in Europe and around the world. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.007 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7965 November 16, 2015 
Mr. Buckley’s successors have ably 
carried on this proud tradition at Na-tional Review. It remains tremen-dously influential. With over 150,000 subscribers, it is the most read opinion magazine in America. Millions more visit National Review Online every month. 
More importantly, Mr. Buckley’s suc-
cessors have carried on as champions of the conservative movement. Every 2 weeks National Review arrives on my desk and serves as a reminder that con-servative thought is alive and well in America. 
Over the past 60 years, National Re-
view has lived up to its founding state-ment so eloquently expressed by Mr. Buckley. To paraphrase, National Re-view continues to stand athwart his-tory, yelling ‘‘stop,’’ when no other is inclined to do so, or to have much pa-tience with those who so urge it. 
Congratulations to all those who 
have made National Review a success over these last 60 years. Your contribu-tions to American political discourse will serve as an inspiration and as a challenge to future generations of con-servative thinkers. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITION—S.J. RES. 23 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, hereby direct that the Senate Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 23, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units,’’ and further, that the resolution be placed upon the Legislative Calendar under General Orders. 
Jim Inhofe, Roy Blunt, Ron Johnson, 
Lamar Alexander, Michael B. Enzi, Shelley Moore Capito, Mike Lee, Orrin Hatch, Deb Fischer, Joe Manchin, John Cornyn, Chuck Grassley, Pat Roberts, Dan Coats, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, John Thune, Lisa Murkowski, Tom Cotton, Dan Sullivan, Steve Daines, Rob Portman, David Perdue, Pat Toomey, Jeff Sessions, Jerry Moran, John Boozman, James E. Risch, Richard Shelby, John Hoeven. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITION—S.J. RES. 24 
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, hereby direct that the Senate Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from further consideration of S.J. Res. 24, a joint resolution providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units,’’ and further, that the resolution be placed upon the Legislative Calendar under General Orders. 
Shelley Moore Capito, Joni K. Ernst, 
Roger Wicker, John Barrasso, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Deb Fischer, James Lankford, John Thune, Heidi 
Heitkamp, Joe Manchin, James Inhofe, Tim Scott, Dan Sullivan, Mike Rounds, Mitch McConnell, Jeff Flake, Orrin Hatch, Mike Lee, Thom Tillis, John Cornyn, Lamar Alexander, Jeff Ses-sions, Roy Blunt, Pat Toomey, Steve Daines, Jerry Moran, Richard Shelby, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO IVAN BELL 
WOODFORD 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Ivan Bell Woodford on being selected to serve as grand marshal for the city of Reno’s Veterans Day Parade. As Nevada’s old-est living World War II veteran, there is no doubt Mr. Woodford deserves this honor. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his years of service to both the United States of America and our great State. 
Mr. Woodford grew up at Lake 
Elsinore, working on the family ranch. He later enlisted in the United States Navy in 1942 as a Seabee. Throughout World War II, he served at Pearl Har-bor and Midway Island, operating heavy equipment and cranes to clear debris from the destruction of the war. His unit was later stationed in the Philippines. 
In 1946, Mr. Woodford established his 
residency in Reno, working for local excavating companies as a heavy ma-chinery operator. He worked for more than 30 years in this industry, helping complete various projects throughout Reno and Lake Tahoe. He aided in lay-ing the foundation of housing pads across Reno, leveling the ground for construction projects near Lake Tahoe, drudging what is now Virginia Lake, and cleaning irrigation ditches to de-velop Spanish Springs Valley. He also worked heavy machinery during the development of Interstate 80 and many other roads throughout Washoe Valley, leaving his mark in northern Nevada for generations to come. No doubt, he witnessed and contributed to some of the largest growth and expansion throughout the area. 
His many contributions to making 
our State the best it can be, as well as his service to this country, dem-onstrates his generous character. His actions represent only the greatest of Nevada’s values and place him among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our nation. Our State is fortunate to have someone like Mr. Woodford to serve as a role model. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor the brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for veterans, like Mr. Woodford, in Nevada and throughout the Nation. Mr. Woodford has demonstrated pro-
fessionalism, commitment to excel-lence, and dedication to the highest standards of the United States Navy. His work throughout Nevada is invalu-able. I am both humbled and honored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Woodford for all of his accomplish-ments, as well as his participation in the city of Reno’s Veterans Day Pa-rade. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN BURTON 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize Brian Burton, presi-dent and chief executive officer of Three Square, for his tireless efforts in enhancing the lives of many across southern Nevada. Mr. Burton brings more than 20 years of nonprofit experi-ence to Three Square, helping feed thousands of southern Nevadans who would otherwise go hungry. Mr. Burton has contributed greatly to his commu-nity by working to make Three Square the best it can be. 
Largely due to Mr. Burton’s many 
years of hard work, Three Square is able to offer a variety of programs to help those who would normally go without a wholesome meal. The organi-zation works to source food, raise money, and grow its volunteer base to provide food to outside partners that distribute meals directly to those in need. Three Square services Clark, Nye, Lincoln, and Esmeralda Counties, feeding over 300,000 Nevadans. Our State is fortunate to have someone such as Mr. Burton running this orga-nization, which is critical to many across southern Nevada. 
Previously, Mr. Burton served as ex-
ecutive director for Wilkinson Center in Dallas, TX, a nonprofit organization serving low-income families with food assistance, education, and case man-agement. In his current position, Mr. Burton works to further develop and grow the organization, increase pro-gram sustainability and community engagement, diversify and increase fundraising, and offer public policy work. His contributions to this incred-ible organization are immense, and his efforts have not gone unnoticed. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. 
Burton for his noble contributions to communities across southern Nevada and to the many individuals who have benefited from his work. He is a shin-ing example of someone who strives for the betterment of his community and displays true selflessness in his work. I am thankful to have Mr. Burton serv-ing as an ally to Nevadans in need. 
Today I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing Mr. Burton and his work for Three Square, a program whose mission is both hon-orable and necessary. I wish Mr. Bur-ton the best of luck in all of his future endeavors. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.005 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7966 November 16, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO BETTY VANDIVER 
∑Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is an 
honor for me to pay tribute today to Betty Russell Vandiver, the former first lady of the State of Georgia from 1959 to 1963. 
Sybil Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ Russell 
Vandiver is the wonderful wife of the late Georgia Governor, Earnest Vandiver. She also is the niece of Rich-ard B. Russell, Jr., the former Georgia Senator and Governor after whom one of our U.S. Senate office buildings was named and where my office in Wash-ington, DC, is located. But Betty Vandiver is more than that. 
At the time, Mrs. Vandiver became 
first lady in 1959, Central State Hos-pital in Milledgeville, GA, served as the State’s only State hospital for the mentally ill and developmentally dis-abled. In the late 1950s, Central State Hospital was home to more than 12,000 patients, many of whom had been aban-doned by their families at an early age. 
After visiting the hospital, Mrs. 
Vandiver became concerned about these patients, and she determined that she would devote much of her time and energy as first lady to raising public awareness of the needs of Geor-gia’s mentally ill and developmentally disabled. 
One of Mrs. Vandiver’s initiatives in-
cluded working with the Georgia Mu-nicipal Association to create a state-wide Christmas gift collection drive known as the Mayors’ Motorcade. This special event was established in 1959 and expanded years later to support the inhabitants of the State’s regional hospitals. Since then, caring Georgians support the Mayors’ Motorcade each year by donating gifts to cities partici-pating in the program. 
Through Mrs. Vandiver’s efforts, 
thousands and thousands of patients residing at Georgia’s State hospitals have received Christmas gifts and vis-its from city officials at special motor-cade events. 
On December 1, 2015, we will cele-
brate Betty Vandiver Day in Georgia. Today it is my pleasure to honor Mrs. Vandiver for having the vision to cre-ate the Mayors’ Motorcade program as a way of providing not only gifts, but also critical public awareness about the needs of Georgia’s mentally ill and developmentally disabled. ∑ 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF BOY 
SCOUT TROOP 283 
∑Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, 
today I celebrate the 100th anniversary of Boy Scout Troop 283 of Wayzata, MN, which occurred on November 15, 2015. Troop 283 is the oldest continually chartered troop in the State and has counted thousands of Scouts as its members since its inception. 
The development of character, phys-
ical fitness, and civic engagement have always been central tenants of the Boy Scouts. The Scouts of Troop 283 epito-mize these values and continue to learn the skills necessary to be compas-
sionate, tolerant, and dynamic leaders. In fact, to date, 151 of Troop 283’s Scouts have earned the rank of Eagle Scout, the highest rank attainable within the Boy Scouts. Each aspiring Eagle Scout must complete a demand-ing Eagle project that showcases their ability and willingness to serve their community. These Eagle projects, along with a myriad of other service projects completed by the Scouts of Troop 283, have demonstrated their positive impact to Wayzata and the surrounding community. I am con-fident that Troop 283 will continue to be a positive influence well into the fu-ture. 
I recognize Troop 283 for its 100 years 
of service to Wayzata and the great State of Minnesota. To the Scouts of Troop 283 and the family and friends that support them, thank you and con-gratulations on your 100th anniver-sary. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
In executive session the Presiding Of-
ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 6:53 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the resolution (H. Con. Res. 90) directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356. 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following joint resolutions were 
discharged by petition, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 802(c), and placed on the cal-endar: 
S.J. Res. 23. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
S.J. Res. 24. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. R EED, 
Mr. B URR, and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 2282. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 2283. A bill to ensure that small business 
providers of broadband Internet access serv-ice can devote resources to broadband de-ployment rather than compliance with cum-bersome regulatory requirements; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. 
REID, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
THUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. 
UDALL , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
WICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. Res. 313. A resolution condemning the 
terrorist attacks in Paris and offering thoughts and prayers for the victims, condo-lences to their families, resolve to support the people of France, and the pledge to de-fend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of France and all our allies in the face of this horrific attack on freedom and liberty; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 108 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16NO6.001 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7967 November 16, 2015 
108, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to improve access for students to Federal grants and loans to help pay for postsecondary, graduate, and professional educational opportu-nities, and for other purposes. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
553, a bill to marshal resources to un-dertake a concerted, transformative ef-fort that seeks to bring an end to mod-ern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 627 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 627, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in elec-tronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track mainte-nance credit. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 746, a bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 849 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 849, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for systematic data collection and analysis and epidemiological research regarding Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Par-kinson’s disease, and other neuro-logical diseases. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from 
Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the di-agnosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. MERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1567 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1567, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a review of the characterization or terms of discharge from the Armed Forces of individuals with mental health disorders alleged to affect terms of discharge. 
S. 1789 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1789, a bill to improve defense co-operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 1874 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1874, a bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting rep-resentation by a labor organization. 
S. 1982 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1982, a bill to authorize a Wall of Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance. 
S. 1996 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1996, a bill to streamline the em-ployer reporting process and strength-en the eligibility verification process for the premium assistance tax credit and cost-sharing subsidy. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from New Jer-
sey (Mr. B OOKER ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 2042, a bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act to strength-en protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. S. 2045 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Arkansas 
(Mr. C OTTON ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 2045, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the ex-cise tax on high cost employer-spon-sored health coverage. 
S. 2152 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from 
South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2152, a bill to estab-lish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the ef-forts of countries in sub-Saharan Afri-ca to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote develop-ment outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
S. 2163 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2163, a bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Transportation to require that broadband conduits be installed as a part of certain highway construction projects, and for other purposes. 
S. 2232 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from 
Oklahoma (Mr. L ANKFORD ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 2232, a bill to re-quire a full audit of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2235 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2235, a bill to repeal debt col-lection amendments made by the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015. 
S. 2248 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2248, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease re-search efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 2251 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2251, a bill to provide for a supple-mentary payment to Social Security beneficiaries, supplemental security in-come beneficiaries, and recipients of veterans benefits, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2252 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.005 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7968 November 16, 2015 
MERKLEY ) and the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2252, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-mit the Secretary of the Treasury to issue prospective guidance clarifying the employment status of individuals for purposes of employment taxes and to prevent retroactive assessments with respect to such clarifications. 
S. 2266 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 2266, a bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to reform and reduce fraud and abuse in certain visa programs for aliens working tem-porarily in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 282 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 282, a resolution sup-porting the goals and ideals of Amer-ican Diabetes Month. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. 
REED, Mr. B URR, and Mr. 
FRANKEN ): 
S. 2282. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to reauthorize the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015. I am glad to have Sen-ators R
EED, BURR, and F RANKEN joining 
me as sponsors of this bipartisan bill that will reauthorize critical, innova-tive, and life-saving programs. 
We have been working on this legisla-
tion throughout the year and have met with stakeholders in blood cell trans-plantation to receive their input. We also included members of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pension Committee who are deeply committed to passing this legislation. 
In drafting this legislation, we also 
collaborated with our counterparts in the House of Representatives. I am grateful for the leadership of Congress-man C
HRIS SMITH and Congresswoman 
DORIS MATSUI , who did so much to get 
this legislation through the House. I commend my colleagues and their staffs for their hard work. 
I appreciate the opportunity to pro-
vide some history and background that will explain why this reauthorization bill is so important. This legislation will reauthorize for another five years both the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory, which are ad-ministered by the Health Resources and Services Administration. These vital programs provide access to life- saving treatments for serious condi-
tions and disease. 
Bone marrow contains blood-forming 
stem cells that develop into the three blood cell types that keep the body healthy. The body uses those red blood cells, white blood cells, and platelets as building blocks for blood, tissue, and organs. These blood cells die naturally, and the body must continuously make new ones. Serious health problems can develop in people whose bone marrow cannot make enough new blood cells to replace the cells that die. 
Cord blood is a newborn baby’s blood 
that remains in the placenta or after-birth. This blood can be collected after delivery at no risk to the mother and baby. Like bone marrow, cord blood is also rich with stem cells, and doctors can use it as an alternative to bone marrow transplant. In fact, research in the mid–1980s highlighted the promise of cord blood, demonstrating that it is more highly enriched with blood-form-ing stem cells than bone marrow. 
Cord blood transplantation has been 
used successfully to treat leukemia, lymphoma, immunodeficiency diseases, sickle cell anemia, and certain meta-bolic diseases. In addition to treating cancer and other blood diseases, re-searchers are currently testing stem cells for a host of disorders, including autoimmune and genetic disorders. 
Cord blood research is also showing 
potential for use in the innovative fields of cellular therapy and regenera-tive medicine. Vaccines derived from cord blood to use against viruses and certain types of cancers are currently in early trials. Research has also indi-cated that cord blood could be used to treat conditions for which few treat-ments are available, such as stroke, cerebral palsy, hearing loss, autism, and traumatic brain injury. 
Dr. Joanne Kurtzberg of the Caro-
linas Blood Bank is one of the world’s leading stem cell researchers at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. At the time of that groundbreaking scientific research in the 1980s, Dr. Kurtzberg was caring for a 5 year old boy named Matthew who had a rare, in-herited blood disorder called Fanconi anemia—a disease that leads to bone marrow failure. In light of the new sci-entific findings, doctors planned a cord blood transplant for Matthew at a hos-pital in Paris, France, using fully matched cord blood that had been col-lected during the birth of his newly born baby sister. Matthew’s transplant in 1988 was a success, laying the groundwork for cord blood transplan-tation. 
Matthew is now in his 30s. He is mar-
ried, working, and living a healthy and productive life. He is living proof that cord blood contains stem cells that can replenish the bone marrow and immune system throughout a patient’s life. 
In 1993, with the assistance of Dr. 
Pablo Rubenstein of the New York Blood Center, Dr. Kurtzberg performed the world’s first unrelated donor cord blood transplant at Duke University. Over the following years, these amaz-
ing research doctors discovered more about the use of cord blood transplan-tation in patients who cannot find a fully matched donor. 
Dr. Kurtzberg is also the president of 
the Cord Blood Association, CBA. I am thankful for Dr. Kurtzberg and the CBA’s support in helping us develop meaningful legislation that will help cord blood banks do their jobs. I also owe gratitude for the input and guid-
ance on this reauthorization bill that my staff and I received from Mike Boo and Dr. Jeffrey Chell with the National Marrow Donor Program, NMDP. 
I am proud to have a long history of 
working on this issue. In early 2003, I met with Joanne Kurtzberg, Pablo Rubenstein, and Phil Coelho of Thermogenesis Corporation to discuss umbilical cord blood therapies as a promising alternative to bone marrow transplantation and how the Federal Government could help to increase col-lection efforts. 
That night, I called Health and 
Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson to talk to him about this new science, and he agreed to meet with Joanne, Pablo, and Phil the very next day. Staff from the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, the Food and Drug Administration, and the National Institutes of Health joined us for that discussion. Secretary Thompson stressed that cord blood banks would need to be managed through HRSA and promised to support my legislation. 
In October 2003, I introduced a bill to 
amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a National Cord Blood Stem Cell Bank Network to prepare, store, and distribute human umbilical cord blood stems cells for the treat-ment of patients and to support peer- reviewed research using those cells. That bill, the Cord Blood Stem Cell Act of 2003, S. 1717, gained strong bipartisan support over the last few months of the 108th Congress. 
Although it did not pass the Senate, 
my 2003 bill helped to generate more interest in and support for blood stem cell transplantation. I kept working on legislation to help increase access to these life-saving transplants in the fol-lowing Congress. In April 2005, the In-stitute of Medicine, IOM, issued rec-ommendations to create a national cord blood network. Those of us in Con-gress who had been working on cord blood and bone marrow realized that combining our bipartisan, bicameral efforts would benefit patients by in-creasing treatment options and encour-aging future research. We reviewed the IOM report and incorporated those im-portant recommendations into one comprehensive bill. 
That legislation, the Stem Cell 
Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, P.L. 109–129, that was signed into law on December 20, 2005, created the Na-tional Cord Blood Inventory and estab-lished an inventory goal of at least 150,000 new and diverse cord blood stem cell units. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.006 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7969 November 16, 2015 
The 2005 law also combined the NCBI 
with the bone marrow donor program that had been created in 1986 by the late Congressman Bill Young to create 
a single point of access for blood stem cell transplants and research. This sin-gle point of access allows physicians the ability to search for any potential adult volunteer bone marrow donor or umbilical cord blood unit anywhere across the globe. 
Finally, our 2005 law also named the 
program the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, in honor of Bill’s tireless efforts to promote bone marrow donation and transplantation. 
Five years later, I was the lead spon-
sor of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2010, P.L. 111–264, which was signed into law on October 8, 2010, and reauthorized the Program and the NCBI for another 5 years. The 2010 law also placed new em-phasis on exploring innovations in cord blood collection and increasing the number of collection sites across the nation. 
Great progress has been made toward 
achieving the NCBI’s goal of at least 150,000 diverse cord blood units; how-ever, data suggest that the number of available cord blood units in the United States is still insufficient to meet the estimated need for unrelated transplant, which has increased by 25 percent since 2005. The number of transplants for patients in minority populations has increased from 253 in 2000 to 990 in 2014. Much of this increase can be attributed to the increased po-tential for bone marrow or cord blood transplant. This is exciting, promising science. 
There are still challenges to the suc-
cess of bone marrow and cord blood transplantation. Not all cord blood units contain enough cells to trans-plant into all patients. In many cases, more than one unit is preferred or nec-essary for larger children or adults. New science indicates the possibility that using larger, higher quality cord blood units will reduce the incidence of graft-versus-host disease, GVHD, a se-rious complication of blood cell trans-plantation in which the donor cells at-tack the recipient. GVHD is the biggest barrier to successful transplantation. 
I am glad to know that the Advisory 
Council and HRSA have been working with public cord blood banks to discuss ways to increase CBU quality and di-versity. As the inventory continues to grow, the diverse units within the NCBI will serve an increasing number of patients that have difficulty obtain-ing cells from well-matched adult do-nors. 
Cell dose and degree of match be-
tween patient and CBU are both strongly associated with transplant outcomes. A larger inventory of pub-licly available CBUs also will con-tribute to improved patient survival after transplant because a growing in-ventory of high cell count CBUs will allow better tissue matches. 
Cord blood banks have told us that 
they cannot do this on their own. With-out continued support from HRSA, this 
life-saving science would be financially unsustainable. We must reauthorize this important program. 
Today, I am introducing the Stem 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Reau-thorization Act of 2015 to further ad-vance the important work of the bone marrow and cord blood programs. 
Passage of this legislation will pre-
serve the commitment that the Con-gress made three decades ago to help patients with blood cancers and other life-threatening diseases by helping to increase access to life-saving trans-plants. It will also open the doors to new discoveries within the fields of cel-lular therapy and regenerative medi-cine. I am proud to introduce the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reau-thorization Act of 2015, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
pleased to introduce the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015 with Senators H
ATCH , 
FRANKEN , and B URR. This bill offers 
promise to the tens of thousands of in-dividuals diagnosed with leukemia and lymphomas, sickle cell anemia, and rare genetic blood disorders. 
It will reauthorize the C.W. Bill 
Young National Marrow Donor Pro-gram, which has been helping to con-nect individuals in need of a bone mar-row transplant with donors since 1986, and the National Cord Blood Inventory, which has been helping to connect indi-viduals in need of an umbilical cord blood transplant with donors since 1999. 
The public registries, made up of do-
nors from all over the country, have been a true lifeline for the Americans who have found an unrelated match. By strengthening and enhancing the important programs operating these registries, many more Americans will be afforded the opportunity to find a match if they are ever in need. 
I look forward to swift consideration 
of this legislation in the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee and working toward passage in the full Senate. 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself and 
Mr. R ISCH): 
S. 2283. A bill to ensure that small 
business providers of broadband Inter-net access service can devote resources to broadband deployment rather than compliance with cumbersome regu-latory requirements; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, small 
businesses are the backbone of Amer-ica. They generate more than half of the country’s private GDP and support millions of families. In Montana, thanks to technology, geography is no longer a constraint and entrepreneurs have been able to build world-class companies without leaving the state. 
Access to the global marketplace is 
largely dependent on access to the Internet. Large incumbent carriers often do not have enough of an incen-
tive to serve rural America so States like Montana really depend on small businesses to fill in the gaps and con-nect our communities. Without small broadband providers, many Montanans would remain unserved. This is why it is so important to support our small businesses and allow them to continue to provide jobs and economic growth in their communities. 
Burdensome regulations like the 
FCC’s net neutrality rules are stran-gling our small businesses and pre-venting growth and investment. The enhanced transparency requirements in particular require small businesses to disclose an excess amount of informa-tion including network packet loss, network performance by geographic area, network performance during peak usage, network practices concerning a particular group of users, triggers that activate network practices, and the list goes on. Small companies like Grizzly Internet in West Yellowstone, MO, op-erate with only three employees and do not have a team of attorneys dedicated to regulatory compliance. Small busi-nesses simply do not have the band-width to take on additional regulatory burdens. 
That is why I am proud to introduce 
the Small Business Broadband Deploy-ment Act of 2015 with my colleague Senator R
ISCH. The bill makes perma-
nent the FCC’s temporary small busi-ness exception to the net neutrality en-hanced transparency requirements. There is broad support in the record for a small business exception, including support from the American Cable Asso-ciation, Rural Wireless Association, Competitive Carriers Association, Wireless Internet Service Providers As-sociation, CTIA—The Wireless Associa-tion, Rural Broadband Provider Coali-tion, WTA—Advocates for Rural Broadband. Additionally, the Small Business Administration’s Office of Ad-vocacy filed comments with the FCC stating, ‘‘Advocacy has concerns that compliance with the enhanced trans-parency requirements under the 2015 Open Internet Order is not feasible for small broadband providers, particu-larly small rural providers, and may ultimately degrade the quality of serv-ice that consumers receive from small providers.’’ Providing relief from over 300 pages of net neutrality rules will allow small businesses to focus on de-ploying infrastructure and serving their customers rather than spending time on regulatory compliance. I ask my colleagues to join me in cospon-soring this much needed legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2283 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.014 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7970 November 16, 2015 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-
ness Broadband Deployment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXCEPTION TO ENHANCEMENT TO 
TRANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR SMALL BUSINESSES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this Act— 
(1) the term ‘‘broadband Internet access 
service’’— 
(A) means a mass-market retail service by 
wire or radio that provides the capability to transmit data to and receive data from all or substantially all Internet endpoints, includ-ing any capability that is incidental to and enables the operation of the communications service; and 
(B) does not include dial-up Internet access 
service; and 
(2) the term ‘‘small business’’ means any 
provider of broadband Internet access service that has not more than— 
(A) 1,500 employees; or (B) 500,000 subscribers. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FOR SMALL BUSINESSES .— 
The enhancements to the transparency rule of the Federal Communications Commission under section 8.3 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, as described in paragraphs 162 through 184 of the Report and Order on Re-mand, Declaratory Ruling, and Order of the Federal Communications Commission with regard to protecting and promoting the open Internet (adopted February 26, 2015) (FCC 15– 24), shall not apply to any small business. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 313—CON-
DEMNING THE TERRORIST AT-TACKS IN PARIS AND OFFERING THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS FOR THE VICTIMS, CONDOLENCES TO THEIR FAMILIES, RESOLVE TO SUPPORT THE PEOPLE OF FRANCE, AND THE PLEDGE TO DEFEND DEMOCRACY AND STAND IN SOLIDARITY WITH THE COUNTRY OF FRANCE AND ALL OUR ALLIES IN THE FACE OF THIS HORRIFIC ATTACK ON FREEDOM AND LIBERTY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. 
REID, Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
DONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
ERNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F ISCHER , 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. 
KING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
REED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. SASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
SCOTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
VITTER , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. 
WYDEN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 313 
Whereas, on November 13, 2015, at least 
eight armed gunmen and suicide bombers conducted six separate attacks across the city of Paris, France, killing at least 129 ci-vilians and wounding over 350 innocent men, women, and children; 
Whereas these horrific attacks mark the 
deadliest violence to strike the Republic of France since World War II, the worst act of terrorism to strike Europe since the 2004 at-tacks in Madrid, Spain, that killed 191 and wounded approximately 1,800 others, and one of the worst terrorist acts carried out on Western soil since the catastrophic attacks of September 11, 2001; 
Whereas Paris is still grieving from the 
January 7, 2015, terrorist attack on the of-fices of the French newspaper Charlie Hebdo that brutally murdered 12 people and injured at least 11 others; 
Whereas President of the Republic of 
France Francois Hollande has declared a na-tional state of emergency and deployed ap-proximately 1,500 military members across the city of Paris; 
Whereas President Hollande condemned 
these events as ‘‘an act of war that was com-mitted by a terrorist army, a jihadist army, Daesh’’; 
Whereas President Hollande further de-
clared that ‘‘when terrorists are capable of committing such atrocities they must be certain that they are facing a determined France, a united France, a France that is to-gether and does not let itself be moved, even if today we express infinite sorrow’’; 
Whereas President Barack Obama called 
these heinous actions not just an attack on Paris and the people of France, but an at-tack on all of humanity and the universal values that we share; 
Whereas the Republic of France is Amer-
ica’s oldest ally, dating back to Marquis de Lafayette, and the people of the United States and France mutually share a debt of gratitude that dates from the formation of our republics through two world wars; 
Whereas the people of the Republic of 
France have expressed solidarity with the people of the United States, including fol-lowing the terrorist attack of September 11, 2001, which claimed the lives of thousands of innocent civilians in the United States; 
Whereas the French people have made 
manifest their commitment to the United States by partnering with United States forces in Afghanistan and Iraq and as an im-portant partner in the fight against extrem-ist terrorism in Mali and around the world; 
Whereas at least one United States citizen 
was murdered in these heinous attacks and at least four others were injured; and 
Whereas these attacks represent both an 
assault on freedom and democracy and an unmitigated evil that the United States and United States allies must stand united to de-feat: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the brutal attacks on the 
people of Paris that resulted in the death of at least 129 people, including one United States citizen, through shootings, hostage- taking, and suicide bombings of innocent, ci-vilian targets; (2) expresses its heartfelt condolences and 
deepest sympathies for the victims and fam-ily members of those attacked; 
(3) renews the solidarity of the people and 
Government of the United States with the people and Government of the Republic of France; and 
(4) pledges support for the Government of 
France to pursue justice against those in-volved in these heinous attacks and to pre-vent future attacks. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on November 16, 2015, at 5 p.m., to conduct a classified briefing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Tools to Combat North Korea’s Nuclear and Ballistic Missile Capabilities.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONDEMNING THE TERRORIST 
ATTACKS IN PARIS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 313, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 313) condemning the 
terrorist attacks in Paris and offering thoughts and prayers for the victims, condo-lences to their families, resolve to support the people of France, and the pledge to de-fend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of France and all our allies in the face of this horrific attack on freedom and liberty. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 313) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 17, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Novem-ber 17; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and that the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO6.009 S16NOPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7971 November 16, 2015 
then observe a moment of silence for 
the victims of the Paris attacks; fur-ther, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, until 11 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:07 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, November 17, 2015, at 10 a.m. NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
HESTER MARIA PEIRCE, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 5, 2021. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE SURGEON GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3036: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. NADJA Y. WEST 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. EDWARD E. HILDRETH III 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be brigadier general 
COLONEL JENNIFER G. BUCKNER COLONEL SEAN A. GAINEY COLONEL DAVID T. ISAACSON COLONEL PATRICK B. ROBERSON 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY AS DEPUTY COMMANDANT FOR OPERATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD AND TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 50: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. FRED M. MIDGETTE 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate November 16, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
LASHANN MOUTIQUE DEARCY HALL, OF NEW YORK, TO 
BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Mar 26, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\NOV 2015\S16NO5.REC S16NO5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1617 November 16, 2015 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, November 4, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, I thank Chair-
man S HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO 
for working with me on both of my amend-ments. 
The amendment I offer would require the 
Department of Transportation to submit a re-port to the House Transportation Committee and the Senate Commerce Committee on re-search managed by the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration (FRA) to develop a system to measure vertical track deflection caused by a moving railroad car. 
Such a system should be able to identify a 
combination of factors that, individually, may not be able to cause a train derailment but that, together, could endanger safe train oper-ations, such as deteriorated cross ties, fouled ballast, and other deficiencies in the structures that support rail tracks. 
The amendment authorizes the Department 
of Transportation to develop a plan for using quantitative inspection criteria to identify poor track support systems if such an approach is supported by the FRA’s research. 
The amendment also authorizes the Depart-
ment to develop a plan to install instruments to measure track deflection on its Automated Track Inspection Program geometry cars with-in 3 years of the date of enactment of this bill, if this approach is supported by the FRA’s re-search. 
I developed this amendment in very close 
consultation with the families of Rose Louese Mayr and Elizabeth Conway Nass, who were tragically killed in a coal train derailment that occurred in Ellicott City, Maryland, in my dis-trict, in 2012. 
These families have worked tirelessly to un-
derstand the technical circumstances that led to the 2012 train derailment and to identify specific steps that can be taken to prevent fu-ture tragedies. I am deeply honored to have worked with them on this amendment. 
According to the National Transportation 
Safety Board’s (NTSB) report on the Ellicott City accident, ‘‘the point of derailment was a rail fracture several hundred feet’’ before a bridge. After extensive laboratory analysis, the NTSB concluded that the broken rail segment, ‘‘showed evidence of rolling contact fatigue, a gradual breakdown of the rail-head surface.’’ 
The Ellicott City accident is one of several 
recent accidents that have involved rail-head wear and drawn attention to the ways in which 
the presence of multiple individual defects can eventually lead to a rail break. 
While track conditions are addressed in cur-
rent Federal Track Safety Standards, there are no quantitative inspection criteria. Con-sequently, these conditions are rarely cited as defects to be remediated. 
I hope that we can build on the research 
foundation that my amendment requires and eventually develop rules that will address spe-cific track conditions. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, November 3, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, it is a sad 
commentary on the state of this House that the highway bill we are considering is being called a victory, and that the mere act of bringing a bill to the floor is a major step for-ward. 
As a nation with a D+ grade on infrastruc-
ture from the American Society for Civil Engi-neers, we need an ambitious plan to rebuild and modernize. We need to invest in transit, fix structurally-deficient bridges, connect peo-ple to jobs, and move goods across the coun-try. We need to put people to work in every community bringing our transportation system into the 21st century. That’s why I introduced a version of the President’s GROW America Act that would have invested more in our in-frastructure. 
Instead, we are considering a very modest 
proposal. It’s a six year bill at current funding levels adjusted for inflation, with only three years of funding. The pay-fors include bad and inefficient policies like hiring private debt col-lectors to harass taxpayers. It dramatically cuts the TIFIA loan program and fails to pro-vide adequate funding for transit. And it need-lessly erodes environmental and community review of projects. 
This bill does have some positive provisions 
providing resources for major projects, con-tinuing funding for bike-ped and Safe Routes to School, and strengthening Buy American requirements. I appreciate that my amendment to allow communities to protect consumers from predatory towing has been included in the bill. And I strongly support reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank to open up inter-national markets for American goods. 
But I am disappointed that this bill does not 
go farther to improve and transform our trans-portation networks. As we begin conference 
negotiations with the Senate, we must signifi-cantly boost investments, eliminate problem-atic offsets, and restore meaningful project re-view. 
f 
ROTARY CLUB OF WICHITA FALLS, 
TEXAS CELEBRATES 100 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Rotary Club of Wich-ita Falls, Texas, on its milestone of providing 100 years of service inside and outside of our community. 
The Rotary Club of Wichita Falls consists of 
90 dedicated men and women who make a difference on the local, national, and inter-national level. The Club’s motto is ‘‘Service Above Self,’’ and this organization certainly abides by this statement with its many service projects and support for numerous organiza-tions throughout the Wichita Falls area and beyond. 
The wide variety of organizations supported 
by the Club includes the Boy Scouts, YMCA, Youth Leadership, and the Boys and Girls Club. In fact, the Boys and Girls Club has maintained a connection to the Rotary Club for an impressive 86 years and continues to flour-ish with its support. These programs provide needed growth and leadership opportunities for developing future leaders. The Club also plays a key role in a variety of adult programs, which includes the Adult Literacy Council, The Food Bank, American Red Cross, Habitat for Humanity, and the Salvation Army, just to name a few. 
Additionally, the Wichita Falls Rotary Club 
provides many services and support for Sheppard Air Force Base (AFB), a base that plays a key role in training and equipping U.S. Air Force personnel. A highly notable program is the Squadron Adoption Program with the goal to establish and maintain exemplary rela-tions between the permanent party military stationed at Sheppard AFB and the proactive leadership of the communities throughout Wichita County. Units from both the 82nd Training Wing and the 80th Flying Training Wing participate in this program. Groups like the Rotary Club play an important role in en-suring our military receives the support and gratitude they deserve. The Rotary Club also helps remind us that our country remains strong because of the sacrifice made by our men and women in the military. 
Another important program the Rotary Club 
has adopted is the flag project, which consists of Rotary members placing American flags around the City of Wichita Falls. With this project alone, the Club has managed to raise and donate approximately $700,000 to local and worldwide Rotary projects. These services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.001 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1618 November 16, 2015 
are proof that the dedicated men and women 
of the Wichita Falls Rotary Club can make a difference. 
Serving others is one of the highest callings 
for any of us. For 100 years the Rotary Club of Wichita Falls has been serving and contrib-uting in important ways. They deserve our congratulations and our appreciation as they move to their next 100 years of service. 
f 
THE 25TH PASTORAL ANNIVER-
SARY OF REVEREND ANTHONY L. TRUFANT 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
celebration of the 25th pastoral anniversary of Reverend Anthony L. Trufant, senior pastor of Emmanuel Baptist Church. During his tenure, Pastor Trufant has overseen the church’s ex-ponential growth, community engagement, and raised its profile as one of the most innovative churches in the country. In recognition of his pastoral anniversary and invaluable service to our community Reverend Trufant was honored on November 13, 2015 at the Liberty Ware-house in Brooklyn, NY. 
Rev. Trufant became the Pastor of Emman-
uel Baptist Church in Brooklyn’s Clinton Hill neighborhood in 1990. Under his leadership 
the ministry stretches from New York to New Orleans, from Haiti’s hovels to the townships of South Africa. Rev. Trufant has not only worked to improve the quality of life for our communities in Brooklyn but has partnered with Global Faith Works in Johannesburg, Pre-toria and Cape Town. Emmanuel Baptist Church hosts their annual Mission of Thanks to South Africa where they support women en-trepreneurs and Thaba Primary, a school for the local youth. These programs have helped countless individuals over the past 25 years and continue to aid people today. 
Reverend Trufant was raised in Chicago, Illi-
nois and earned a Bachelor of Arts from More-house and a Master of Divinity from Colgate Rochester. Rev. Trufant was licensed to preach in July 1981 and ordained in May 1988 by the Third Baptist Church in San Francisco, California. Rev. Trufant has also received a di-ploma in pastoral counseling from the Post Graduate Center for Mental Health and has completed coursework towards a Doctor of Ministry at Hebrew Union College. 
Pastor Trufant is married to Muriel Lynette 
Goode Trufant, Esq. and is the father of two wonderful daughters, Sharise Emmanuelle and Toni Niara. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in celebrating Reverend Anthony L. Trufant on his 25th Pas-toral Anniversary. For his commitment to the people of Brooklyn and his service to the least of those among us, he is worthy of the highest praise. RECOGNIZING NDI NEW MEXICO 
FOR ITS WORK EDUCATING NEW MEXICO’S CHILDREN 
HON. BEN RAY LUJA´N 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize NDI New Mexico as a leader in excellent educational programming in the performing arts for New Mexico’s children. 
NDI New Mexico was founded in 1994 in 
Santa Fe. Over the last twenty years, NDI New Mexico has grown from serving 100 chil-dren in one school to reaching almost 10,000 children through in-school, after-school, sum-mer, and advanced training classes in commu-nities across the state. NDI New Mexico’s mis-sion is to provide inspirational programming in the arts that have a unique power to engage and motivate children. These programs have lasting effects on developing positive self-es-teem and motivating students to learn inside and outside of the classroom. A recent long- term analysis of NDI’s programming shows that students have on average a 1.0 higher GPA and higher standardized test score re-sults than their non-participating peers. These results show the incredible impact that NDI has on its students’ educational successes. 
After-school and outreach programs are an 
important part of kids’ educational opportuni-ties. NDI’s program gives students lessons in artistic expression, self-esteem, a strong work ethic, and a commitment to health and fitness. With over 90 programs in 34 communities across New Mexico, NDI works to improve educational outcomes and bridge opportunity gaps for New Mexico’s students through the performing arts. 
The strengths and impacts of NDI on New 
Mexico’s children has been recognized throughout our communities, as it has been awarded Albuquerque Business First’s Non Profit of the Year award in the Arts, Culture and Humanities category and Russell Baker, its Executive Director, was named Top CEO in the Non-Profit category. These awards cele-brate NDI’s outstanding, distinctive programs that aim to help children develop discipline, a standard of excellence, and a belief in them-selves that will carry over into all aspects of their lives. 
Once again, I congratulate NDI New Mexico 
for its quality educational programming, and thank the entire team for its exceptional work for New Mexico’s children. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDI-
ANA’S NEWLY NATURALIZED CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who took their oath of citizenship on Friday, November 13, 2015. This memorable occasion, presided over by Magistrate Judge Paul R. Cherry, was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-
grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. 
On November 13, 2015, the following peo-
ple, representing many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Lenka Krstevska, Bertha Esthela Corral, David Tugba Tom, Raul Alonso Moreno Gonzalez, David Alarcon Her-nandez, Yulia Yurevna Abair, Serena Taisir Ibrahim, Donna Ruth Ajayi, Hayet Adjerid, Celestino Olivares Manzo, Mijoon Lee, Thuy Thi Hong Le, Ezekiel Attah, Catherine Marjorie Charles, Francisco Alonso, Astrid Mariela Ar-nold, Chao Jung Chou, Maria Rosario Franco, Nancy Fuentes, Mayra Nancy Martinez, Jeff Nguefack Mbeleke, Maria Clemencia Mireles, Duncan Kanyi Nganga, Agnes Hop Nguyen, Veronica Giovana Perez, Mario Renteria, Oscar Martinez Ruiz, Yareli Sandoval, Perla Villanueva, and Dilcia Victoria Young. 
Although each individual has sought to be-
come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my 
other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on November 13, 2015. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE DALLAS 
TEXANS U–14 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the Dallas Texans U–14 on their success in World Youth Cup of 2015. 
The United States sent 43 teams to com-
pete at this year’s Gothia Cup, the world’s largest and most international youth football tournament. The Gothia Cup prides itself on its participants’ diversity and understands foot-ball as a global, unifying force. The Dallas Texans U–14 team, one of 215 teams com-peting in the U–14 boy’s age group, was the only winner from the United States this year. In the final play off, the Dallas Texans won 3– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.002 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1619 November 16, 2015 
0. There were 38 countries represented in the 
U–14 age bracket. 
The Dallas Texans won 9 games over the 
course of 6 days. The boys on the Dallas Tex-ans U–14 team were Logan Brown, Triston Edgington, Evan Hu, Anthony Perea, Seth Weprin, Omar Thompson Jr., Donovan Praslin, Arthur Ramirez, Tristan Robles, Noah Adames, Matthew Santos, Caleb Young, Benedict Lube, Cade York, Jorge Amaya-Gon-zalez, Andrew Moore, and Joseph McGee. They are represented by their coach Hassan Nazari. 
When the Gothia Cup started in 1975, it in-
cluded 275 teams from 5 nations. In 2015, it attracted 1,754 teams from 74 nations. Over-all, the Cup hosted 40,200 players. The Gothia cup has a long, rich history that con-tinues to expand as more countries send young, active players. 
f 
PADGETT STRATEMANN & CO.’S 
70TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this year 
marks the 70th anniversary of Padgett Stratemann & Co., a newly selected Texas Treasure Business Award recipient. Run by the Texas Historical Commission, the Texas Treasure Business Award Program pays trib-ute to the state’s well-established businesses and their historical contributions to the state’s economic growth and prosperity. 
Founded in 1945 by Sidney Padgett, 
Padgett Stratemann & Co. focuses on ac-counting and business advisory services. It has been a thriving member of the Central and South Texas business community. With over 200 employees in San Antonio, Austin, and Houston, the company is committed to the communities through financial and in-kind sup-port of numerous non-profit organizations. By displaying professionalism, service, and qual-ity, Padgett Stratemann & Co. exemplifies what it means to be an award-winning Texas- based business enterprise. 
f 
HONORING NESHANNOCK 
VOLUNTEER FIRE COMPANY 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I congratulate the Neshannock Town-ship Volunteer Fire Company on 75 years of faithful service to their community. Since 1940, the Neshannock Township Volunteer Fire Company has provided fire protection, emer-gency medical response, and technical rescue services to the nearly 10,000 citizens of Neshannock Township, as well as the sur-rounding communities of Lawrence County, Pennsylvania. The fire company, made up en-tirely of volunteers, responds to around 400 in-cidents per year, including structure fires, car accidents, medical emergencies, and haz-ardous material incidents. The volunteer re-sponders complete at least 70 hours of train-ing each year, with many members under-
taking more than 100 hours of training annu-ally. 
I commend these volunteer responders for 
donating their time and efforts, especially for selflessly putting themselves in harm’s way to keep their friends and neighbors safe. Com-munities across America rely on the gen-erosity and courage of men and women like volunteer firefighters to maintain the safety and security of their farms, neighborhoods, towns, and villages. I congratulate the Neshannock Township Volunteer Fire Com-pany for reaching this significant milestone and I wish them many more successful years of service. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF ANN WEST 
ON HER YEARS OF SERVICE TO PINKERTON ACADEMY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the many contributions Ann West has made to Pinkerton Academy and their performing arts program over the past 56 years. Ann is directing her last play with the Pinkerton Players on November 15, 2015 and I am pleased to join with Pinkerton Academy and the Stockbridge Theatre in recognizing the many contributions she has made to both the school and performing arts in her commu-nity. 
Ann founded the Pinkerton Players, Pin-
kerton Academy’s own performing arts group in 1988. Since that time she has directed doz-ens of plays and musicals such as Our Town, The Pink Panther and A Christmas Carol to name just a few. She was also instrumental in building both of the school’s auditoriums—the Shephard Auditorium in 1963 and the Stock-bridge Theatre that was built to replace the auditorium in 2002. 
In addition to her time with the Pinkerton 
Players, Ann has served as an educator in many subjects at Pinkerton Academy, and heading up the English department at the school. She is a past president and active member of the board for the New Hampshire Council for Teachers of English, and an Exec-utive Board Member for the New England As-sociation of Teachers of English. 
I am proud to join with my fellow Granite 
Staters in recognizing the many contributions Ann West has made to both Pinkerton Acad-emy and her community over the last 56 years, and I wish her the best in all future en-deavors. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO MR. THOMAS P. 
HOLIAN 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to pay trib-
ute to an outstanding civil servant and con-stituent of mine, Thomas P. Holian, Deputy Chief Counsel of the Federal Highway Admin-istration, FHWA, who is retiring after 37 years of Federal service. Tom is a graduate of Fordham University 
and received his juris doctor from New York Law School. Tom joined the FHWA as an At-torney Advisor in the Office of the Chief Coun-sel in 1978. From 1978 to 1982, he worked in the Chief Counsel’s Office of Legislation and Regulations on such matters as the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1978, the Motor Carrier Act of 1980, and the Surface 
Transportation Assistance Act of 1982. Tom also served as a Trial Attorney in the Chief Counsel’s Motor Carrier and Highway Safety Law Division where he handled motor carrier safety enforcement cases and regulatory and litigation work associated with driver qualifica-tion requirements, the Americans With Disabil-ities Act, and controlled substance and alcohol testing of commercial motor vehicle drivers. Tom also served as the first Executive Direc-tor of the FHWA’s National Motor Carrier Advi-sory Committee. 
Tom joined the Senior Executive Service in 
December 1999 when he was selected to serve as the Deputy Chief Counsel for Legis-lation and Regulations in the Office of the Chief Counsel. In this position through Feb-ruary 2008, Tom was responsible for directing a staff in providing legal advice and services on all aspects of the FHWA’s legislative and regulatory programs. In this role, he greatly contributed to the implementation of the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (TEA–21) and the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act—A Legacy for Users (SAFETEA–LU). Tom also led the team responsible for drafting much of the TEA–21 reauthorization bill that became SAFETEA–LU. Prior to this appointment, Tom was an Associate Chief Counsel and served as the FHWA’s Regulations Officer respon-sible for leading the comprehensive review of FHWA’s regulations in response to Presi-dential directives in 1992 and 1995, as well as FHWA’s ISTEA and TEA–21 regulatory imple-mentation. 
Tom became the Deputy Chief Counsel, the 
senior career attorney in the FHWA, in March 2008. As Deputy Chief Counsel, Tom super-vises and coordinates the activities of a staff comprised of 60 employees, of whom 50 are attorneys responsible for providing legal serv-ices regarding all aspects of the FHWA’s pro-grams. The Office of Chief Counsel consists of three headquarters divisions and five field divi-sions, four of which provide services to Fed-eral-aid Division Offices and the Resource Center, and one that provides services to the Federal Lands Highway. Tom directly advises the most senior officials in the FHWA and the U.S. Department of Transportation. Tom and his staff work with State and local government transportation attorneys and other customers to enhance their understanding of Federal laws and procedures relating to transportation. 
Tom will be retiring this month after 39 
years of Federal service. After his long career and especially his seven and a half years as Deputy Chief Counsel, Tom leaves FHWA a well-respected, dedicated public servant, who has used his knowledge and skills throughout his 37-year FHWA career to make significant contributions to the advancement of transpor-tation law. 
I am proud to represent Tom and so many 
other Federal workers. We are fortunate to have dedicated, talented, creative, hard-work-ing, and patriotic public servants like Tom. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Tom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.006 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1620 November 16, 2015 
for serving the American public with such dis-
tinction and devotion and wishing him much success as he leaves Federal service. We also need to thank his wife Ginny and their three children for supporting him in his public career. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING 
VICKIE FISH ON HER RETIRE-MENT AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF GUAM GIRL SCOUTS, INC. 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commend and congratulate Mrs. Vickie Fish on her retirement as the Executive Director of Guam Girl Scouts, Inc. Vickie joined the Guam Girl Scouts in 1996. 
Vickie was born in Milton, Wisconsin and re-
ceived a Bachelor of Arts degree in Art Edu-cation from Carthage College in Kenosha, Wisconsin. She left the mainland in 1974 after college to begin her service in the Peace Corps as a teacher and trainer in the Kingdom of Tonga, and she has made the Pacific her home since. She went on to be an accultura-tion counselor for Pacific Island students at Kahuku Elementary and High School in Hawaii and a program coordinator and trainer in Saipan before making Guam her home. 
During her nearly 20 years of service with 
the Guam Girl Scouts, Inc., Vickie has served as the Chairman of the USA Girl Scouts Over-seas Delegation during the Girl Scouts of the USA National Council Session. She is also a member of the Community Board of Directors for Sugar Plum Tree, a local organization that arranges an annual Christmas present drive. 
During her time with Guam Girl Scouts, 
Vickie was able to develop positive relation-ships between the local Guam chapter and the national staff, as well as with local businesses, government agencies, organizations and indi-viduals. Vickie led the Guam Girl Scouts with clean annual audits and full compliance with government reporting requirements. She also established a wide base of individual and cor-porate financial support within the community. Vickie and her team were credited for growing the membership in the Guam Girl Scouts to nearly 1,000 members and increasing aware-ness of what the Girl Scout program offers to all girls. 
Additionally, Vickie helped expand many 
program activities throughout her time with the Guam Girl Scouts. These programs encour-aged girls to seek higher education, develop leadership skills, respect and enjoy cultural dif-ferences, live healthy lives, and volunteer their time to others, among many other things. Vickie helped young girls understand the needs of others regardless of age, income or resources. She coordinated relief drives and programs for those facing hardship caused by natural disasters and other life-changing events. She always did her best to improve and honor, not only Guam Girl Scouts, but Girl Scouts of the USA with special celebrations and events. 
Vickie worked diligently throughout her time 
on Guam and demonstrated true and genuine care for the people she served. I congratulate 
Vickie Fish on her retirement as Executive Di-rector of Guam Girl Scouts, Inc. I join the peo-ple of Guam in commending her for her serv-ice and thanking Vickie for her many contribu-tions to our island community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALUMINUM INDUSTRY 
IN CONNECTION WITH AMERICA RECYCLES DAY 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, we celebrate 
America Recycles Day on November 15. I rise today to pay tribute to the aluminum industry, which has a prominent role in my district, in-deed throughout Iowa, and which probably does more than any sector of our economy to advance the cause of recycling. 
Before recounting the many ways in which 
aluminum, perhaps more than any other mate-rial, contributes to the success of recycling programs across the country, let me make clear why we in Iowa benefit so much from the aluminum industry and its hard-working em-ployees. 
The aluminum industry is an integral part of 
the economy of Iowa. The industry operates over 20 facilities, handling all aspects of alu-minum manufacturing, throughout Iowa. All told, these facilities employ thousands of work-ers, and thousands more indirectly and through suppliers. Estimates are that the eco-nomic output, between the manufacturing and wholesaling operations in the aluminum indus-try in Iowa, are around $2.0 billion. Over one billion dollars more in economic impact in the state derives from suppliers and other indirect contributions to the aluminum industry. 
Thankfully, these are good-paying jobs. Esti-
mates are that wages paid are close to $800 million annually in Iowa as a result of the alu-minum industry’s footprint in Iowa, taking into account direct and indirect employment. And the state and local governments as a whole benefit, to the tune of well over $100 million in revenue from the aluminum industry. 
With that backdrop, I am pleased to salute 
the impact of the aluminum industry on recy-cling. The list of ways in which recycling pays huge dividends to our nation is long. First, re-cycling aluminum saves more than 90 percent of the energy that would be needed to create a comparable amount of the metal from raw materials. Think of it this way: by recycling a single aluminum can, you are saving enough energy to power a large screen television for more than 2 hours. Rather than the expense and energy consumption associated with min-ing and processing raw materials to make alu-minum products, recycling used aluminum can be done at a tiny fraction of the energy utiliza-tion. 
That is why recycling is a core business of 
the aluminum industry. In the U.S., the indus-try collects nearly 12 billion pounds of alu-minum each year for recycling, almost all of which goes back into North American supply. In fact, more than 70 percent of U.S. alu-minum production today is in recycled metal— an exact reversal of the trend in 1980. What’s 
more nearly 75% of all aluminum ever pro-duced around the world is still in use today. 
A used aluminum can is recycled and back 
on the shelf as a new can in as few as 60 days—something that happens over and over again. And last year, the domestic aluminum industry recycled nearly 60 billion cans—that saved the equivalent energy of taking 1 million cars off the road for a year. 
Aluminum saves energy in other ways as 
well. It can be a tremendous factor in enabling buildings to achieve modem energy efficiency standards. The first LEED-certified building in California, for instance, received this recogni-tion in part because of creative uses of alu-minum that cools the building naturally. 
But energy savings are only part of the 
story. Companies across the country are in-corporating environmental and sustainability objectives into corporate commitments, and aluminum is a major piece of their ability to meet their goals. 
Perhaps the best aspect of aluminum’s re-
cycling story is its role in job creation. No mat-ter our political persuasion, Mr. Speaker, each of us is committed to the creation of U.S. jobs, and aluminum has a wonderful story to tell here. The collection of aluminum at the curb or in the alley creates thousands of jobs around the country, as does the sorting of alu-minum at processing centers. Even more jobs are created at plants that receive recycled alu-minum, and turn it into new product. More than 157,000 workers are directly employed in the industry, and for each aluminum industry job, an additional 3.3 employment positions are created elsewhere. 
This story will be enhanced by the commit-
ment of car and truck manufacturers to the widespread use of aluminum in vehicle bodies and parts in the interest of increasing fuel economy by lightweighting vehicles. As these vehicles are no longer in use, rather than being thrown on the scrap heap, they too can be recycled, thereby creating even more jobs. 
The aluminum industry is a major economic 
driver in my state and district. In recognition of America Recycles Day, it is appropriate to tip our hat to an industry that has such a positive influence on our nation’s economy, and its people. 
f 
HONORING IDA SCHWARTZ IN 
CELEBRATION OF HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. FRANK C. GUINTA 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my congratulations to Ida Schwartz in celebration of reaching her 100th birthday. 
As she reflects on the great memories that 
have highlighted the past hundred years, I know she will think fondly on all that she’s ac-complished and the positive impact she’s had on New Hampshire. 
It is with great admiration that I congratulate 
Ms. Schwartz on achieving this wonderful milestone, and wish her the best on all future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.002 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1621 November 16, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO LISA RAWLINS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Lisa Rawlins, who is retiring as Senior Vice President, Public Affairs for Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. after twenty-five years of exemplary service. 
Ms. Rawlins, who holds a degree in cinema 
from the University of Southern California, began her career in story development for Ransohoff Productions and NBC. While work-ing on film production issues and handling the press in former Governor George Deukmejian’s office, Lisa saw the need to help combat the problem of runaway film and tele-vision production in California. In 1984, she established the California Film Commission, and in 1985, became the first Director of the California Film Commission, and served in that capacity for six years. During her time at the film commission, she wrote film-based legisla-tion, streamlined the film permit process for state agencies, and developed a municipal filming ordinance for cities throughout Cali-fornia. In addition, Lisa founded the Film Liai-sons in California, Statewide (FLICS), a net-work of dozens of local film offices throughout the state. 
Lisa joined Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. 
in 1990 as Vice President of Production and Studio Affairs, where she focused on local and state government relations and successful ad-vocacy for television and feature film produc-tions, balanced with consideration of produc-tion impact on local communities. During her tenure at Warner Bros., she created their envi-ronmental sustainability program, leading the industry in green production and building, con-servation, and waste reduction. In her capacity as Senior Vice President, Public Affairs, she managed community affairs, corporate respon-sibility, government affairs, environmental sus-
tainability and philanthropy. 
A selfless and generous volunteer in the 
Burbank community, Lisa has served on the boards of several non-profit organizations in-cluding the Burbank Chamber of Commerce, Burbank YMCA, Project Restore, Coalition for Clean Air and the Burbank Unified School Dis-trict’s Partnership Advisory Council. An advo-cate for the creation of a one-stop film office for Los Angeles City and County, which ulti-mately became FilmLA, Ms. Rawlins currently serves as a member of FilmLA’s Board of Di-rectors. 
A visionary in the television and motion pic-
ture industry, Lisa Rawlins has been an in-valuable asset to the film and television field and has left a legacy that will be enjoyed and utilized by generations to come. I ask all Mem-bers to join me in thanking Lisa Rawlins for over three decades of distinguished service to the motion picture and television community and the greater Burbank region. RECOGNIZING THE DREAM FOUN-
DATION’S ‘‘DREAMS FOR VET-ERANS’’ PROGRAM AND MR. GEORGE ‘‘RAY’’ WEST 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
recognize the Dream Foundation’s new ‘‘Dreams for Veterans’’ program. As we pause to commemorate Veterans Day, I would like to acknowledge their unique and invaluable serv-ice to terminally-ill military veterans. 
Dreams for Veterans is dedicated to serving 
terminally-ill veterans during their time of greatest need. They are the first national pro-gram specifically serving and honoring these individuals by fulfilling their final dream. Over the past year, Dreams for Veterans granted more than 100 dreams to veterans and are on track to double that number this year. 
This spring, the Dream Foundation, which is 
based in my Congressional district, helped my constituent George ‘‘Ray’’ West realize his final dream of traveling with his family to Yo-semite National Park. I had the pleasure of 
meeting Mr. West at the ‘‘Dreams for Vet-erans’’ inaugural ceremony in Washington, DC earlier this year. 
Mr. West is a U.S. Navy Veteran who 
served between 1944 and 1946. He was sta-tioned first in Sampson, NY and later in Utah and Nevada. He eventually settled with his family in my hometown of Santa Barbara, CA. 
Mr. West and his wife Jean first visited Yo-
semite on their honeymoon in 1950. The cou-ple loved Yosemite so much that they have celebrated each anniversary by returning to the park. Ray had been diagnosed with heart disease and leukemia when he contacted the Dream Foundation to help his family travel to Yosemite at least one final time. 
Each day, more than 1,800 of our nation’s 
heroes die, accounting for nearly one-quarter of all American deaths. In addition to giving dream recipients and their families the oppor-tunity to make the most of the time they have left, a final dream also improves their end of life care by addressing the emotional and psy-chological needs of terminally ill patients and those of their loved ones and caretakers. 
The Dreams for Veterans program allows 
recipients the opportunity to reconnect with their former military service and provides a unique chance to reconcile memories and achieve a sense of closure. This one-of-a-kind program engages the military community by providing opportunities to refer applicants, contribute resources, or volunteer as Veteran Dream Hosts—volunteers who participate in Veteran-to-Veteran Dream deliveries. 
The Dream Foundation is a leader in our 
community and has touched and inspired so many during its 21-year history of delivering final dreams to terminally ill adults. They fulfill more than 2,500 final dreams every year, working with hundreds of volunteers and more than 600 hospices and health care organiza-tions nationwide. RECOGNIZING THE AMERICAN 
CANCER SOCIETY AS THEY MARK 31 YEARS OF THE RELAY FOR LIFE 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize and congratulate the American Cancer Society as they mark 31 years of the Relay For Life and bringing hope to commu-nities across the country in the face of cancer. The American Cancer Society does lifesaving work and I join the organization in celebrating the progress it has made in the fight against cancer. 
The American Cancer Society Relay For 
Life was first started in 1985 when Dr. Gordy Klatt ran and walked for 24 hours around a track in Tacoma, Washington to make a state-ment about cancer awareness. Dr. Gordy Klatt’s efforts helped the American Cancer So-ciety fight the nation’s biggest health concern, and now, the Relay movement includes 3.5 million people around the world. The Relay For Life is now in more than 5,200 commu-nities and 20 countries around the world. The Relay For Life brings together cancer sur-vivors, caregivers, and all those touched by cancer. It gives everyone a chance to remem-ber those who have lost their battle with can-cer and empowers those who must continue the fight. 
The Relay For Life began in Guam in the 
early 1990s and has steadily grown with most teams returning every year. 79 teams made up of families and businesses, and 280 cancer survivors and caregivers participated in the 2015 Guam Relay For Life. Together, the teams raised $470,000 and Guam Relay For Life was recognized for raising the second highest amount in the High Plains, South Ter-ritory which includes Guam, Hawaii, Texas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma and Nebraska. Though Guam is a small community, it con-tinues to be recognized on the national level based on its achievements and commitment to the fight against cancer. 
Cancer does not discriminate. It touches all 
of our people, young and old, and the people of Guam stand behind the American Cancer Society, and has taken an active commitment to join the cause of fighting cancer. The Relay For Life is celebrated annually throughout the world and survivors and caregivers proudly wear the color purple to symbolize royalty as they are honored during the Relay For Life. This year, the Guam community is beginning its 2016 Relay For Life festivities with ‘‘Paint Guam Purple’’ week from November 8 to No-vember 13, 2015. The goal of the ‘‘Paint Guam Purple’’ campaign is to make a visual statement of how the Relay For Life brings hope to a community and help increase par-ticipation, fundraising and volunteerism. Groups and individuals are encouraged to wear purple, decorate the town purple, and participate in activities to engage others to be-come involved. 
On behalf of the people of Guam, I join the 
American Cancer Society in honoring cancer survivors, caregivers, those who have lost the battle to cancer and all those touched by the disease by pledging to ‘‘Paint Guam Purple’’ through the week of November 8 to November 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K16NO8.011 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1622 November 16, 2015 
13, 2015. I congratulate the American Cancer 
Society Relay For Life and I look forward to their future contributions and success. 
f 
HONORING JEWISH WAR VET-
ERANS, MAURICE KUBBY POST 749 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am privi-
leged to recognize the Jewish War Veterans, Maurice Kubby Post 749, as a distinguished Veteran Service Organization in El Paso, Texas. The Post has been active in our com-munity since April 1965 and was named in honor of fellow El Pasoan, Maurice Kubby. Kubby was an Army veteran and founding member of Post 749, and served several times as the organization’s Commander. 
As one of six posts in Texas, Post 749 
serves El Paso and Las Cruces area veterans of the Jewish faith. One of the most important efforts undertaken by the Jewish War Vet-erans is their dedication to combatting anti- Semitism and bigotry. The organization works diligently to eradicate these negative senti-ments and foster a stronger American-Israeli relationship through sponsored trips to Israel each year. 
The organization is well recognized in our 
community for supporting veteran, civilian and Jewish religious activities. Jewish War Vet-erans Post 749 works to provide assistance to all veterans and their families in our area. The Post volunteers with local organizations such as the Fisher House to help veterans and their families and participates annually in Fort Bliss’s Veterans Week, which aims to raise awareness for Veteran Service Organizations throughout the country. Post 749 also offers scholarships to students and is actively in-volved in youth outreach through the Boy Scouts. 
Jewish War Veterans, Maurice Kubby Post 
749 is an asset to our community and I thank them for their commitment to honoring our vet-erans and promoting tolerance as one of their core values within our El Paso community. 
f 
HONORING TYLER DODD 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Tyler Dodd of Rolla, Missouri on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. This award is the highest rank attainable in the Boy Scouts of America, with only a small percent-age of its members reaching this achievement. 
Tyler has demonstrated a true enthusiasm 
towards service and spent countless hours helping others as he advanced through the ranks of the Boy Scouts. Tyler has held sev-eral leadership positions, such as Patrol Lead-er, during which he used his skills and knowl-edge to help younger scouts with their own progression through the Boy Scouts. His achievements extend outside of the Boy Scouts as well; Tyler is a member of the Na-tional Honor Society—Rolla Chapter and a 
section leader in the Rolla High School March-ing Band. 
Tyler possesses the important values such 
as honestly, loyalty, and civility that inspire others. His commitment to good citizenship, physical fitness, and education is an asset to our community, as well as the nation. Tyler is a role model for young and old alike, and it is my pleasure to recognize his achievements before the United States House of Represent-atives. 
f 
HONORING THE GRAYSLAKE CEN-
TRAL BOYS CROSS COUNTRY TEAM 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Grayslake Central’s boys cross country team on their first place finish at the 2A state championship. This victory marks the first time in the school’s history that the boys cross country team has won state. 
Consistently strong all year, the Rams won 
conference, regional, and sectional champion-ships. This hard work culminated at the state championship, where, led by Coach Jimmy Cantella, six out of seven runners achieved their personal best time. Junior Jack Aho won the race with a time of 14:25, followed by jun-ior Matt Aho in seventh place. Other all-state athletes include senior John Girmscheid who came in twenty third and sophomore Eli Minsky who rounded out the top twenty five. The final three competitors who helped Grayslake cinch the tide were seniors Jack Battaglia who came in twenty sixth, Danny Vincent at fifty first, and Alden Aaberg at one hundred and eighth. 
Mr. Speaker, the Grayslake Central boys 
cross country team is an inspiration to the school and community, and I am proud to rec-ognize these young men for demonstrating the power of teamwork and perseverance. 
f 
HONORING DANNY TRULL, SR. 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Danny Trull, Sr., on his retirement as the United Auto Workers Union’s (UAW) Assistant Director for his service to the men and women of the United Automobile Workers, and for his years of service on the Texas State Democratic Executive Committee. Mr. Trull’s well-deserved retirement comes after a forty-two year tenure in organized labor. Dur-ing this time, Mr. Trull has been dedicated to advocating for worker’s rights, promoting the values of the Democratic Party, and sup-porting the local, state and national labor movement. 
During his years of work with the labor 
movement, Mr. Trull has made a direct impact on his community through his numerous roles at UAW and with the Democratic Party of Texas. Mr. Trull began his career at UAW on July 9, 1973, when he started working for 
Tyler Refrigeration and became a member of Local 514. Upon the closing of Local 514, he became a member of Local 276 and went on the International Staff in 1987, working in the Time Study Department. In 1996, he trans-ferred to Region 5 as a Service Representa-tive based in the Dallas office and continued to serve Region 5 out of the Dallas office when he was transferred to the National CAP Department in 2007. He was appointed to his current position of Assistant Regional Director in 2012, from which he is retiring at the end of this year. 
Aside from his work with UAW, Trull has 
continued to be a community leader as a dele-gate to state and national Democratic Conven-tions, and as a State Democratic Executive Committee member in 2002. Mr. Trull is a well-known champion for Texas jobs and workers, coordinating UAW political activity in the state and region and fighting for higher wages and benefits for hardworking Ameri-cans. The automobile industry is a powerful economic engine in the 33rd Congressional District and will continue to be for years be-cause of Mr. Trull’s lifelong commitment to his community and the people who live and work there. I wish him all the best. 
In honor of Mr. Trull’s retirement and his 
dedication and leadership within the public service community, this statement will be sub-mitted on Monday, November 16, 2015. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PFC. 
MARK JOSEPH ALLSTOTT 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Pfc. Mark Joseph Allstott, of French Lick, Indiana. 
I ask you all to join me in honoring the life 
of a fellow Hoosier veteran. 
Allstott enlisted in the United States Army 
two short months after high school graduation. As a United States Infantryman, Allstott per-sonified bravery and dignity while serving with his fellow Wolfhounds in the 27th Infantry Regiment. 
Before deploying to South Vietnam, Allstott 
told his sister of foreboding premonitions that indicated he would not return home from the war. Rather than respond with fear, Allstott gave away all of his earthly possessions and went to serve his country. 
Fellow Wolfhounds developed a great level 
of respect for Allstott’s fearlessness. In cor-respondences to his family, soldiers spoke of Allstott’s bravery in the face of peril, his easy-going manner, and his warmness to fellow comrades. 
Allstott’s true character is best summarized 
by one Wolfhound brethren who wrote, ‘‘. . . his mind was always on another buddy and the job to be done for the honor of his country instead of his own being. Not only did your son not turn his back on any of us in any fire-fight. All of us knew we could depend on him’’ 
Allstott was a true American hero and it is 
a privilege to stand here today in celebration of his noble life, which ended on the battlefield in South Vietnam in February of 1968. 
On that day in February, as the Wolfhounds 
maneuvered to capture an enemy position, it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.005 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1623 November 16, 2015 
is said Allstott’s final actions saved a member 
of his unit from capture. As a United States soldier, there is no greater honor than laying down one’s life to save a brother-in-arms. 
While more than forty years have passed 
since Allstott gave his last measure of devo-tion, the cause he fought for lives on in the ripples throughout history his heroic efforts will have caused. 
It is a privilege to honor Pfc. Mark Allstott’s 
bold and courageous life. Such distinguished service to the United States of America con-tinues to serve as an inspiration to us all. 
f 
LETTER FROM GOVERNOR GREG 
ABBOTT 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I submit the 
following letter from Governor Greg Abbott: 
NOVEMBER 16, 2015. 
Hon. B ARACK OBAMA , 
President of the United States, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR PRESIDENT OBAMA : As governor of 
Texas, I write to inform you that the State of Texas will not accept any refugees from Syria in the wake of the deadly terrorist at-tack in Paris. 
Further, I—and millions of Americans—im-
plore you to halt your plans to accept more Syrian refugees in the United States. A Syr-ian ‘‘refugee’’ appears to have been part of the Paris terror attack. American humani-tarian compassion could be exploited to ex-pose Americans to similar deadly danger. The reasons for such concerns are plentiful. 
The FBI director testified to Congress that 
the federal government does not have the background information that is necessary to effectively conduct proper security checks on Syrian nationals. Director Comey ex-plained: ‘‘We can query our database until the cows come home, but there will be noth-ing show up because we have no record of them.’’ 
The threat posed to Texas by ISIS is very 
real. ISIS claimed credit last May when two terrorist gunmen launched an attack in Gar-land, Texas. Less than two weeks later, the FBI arrested an Iraqi-born man in North Texas and charged him with lying to federal agents about traveling to Syria to fight with ISIS. And in 2014, when I served as Texas at-torney general, we participated in a Joint Terrorism Task Force that arrested two Aus-tin residents for providing material support to terrorists—including ISIS. 
Given the tragic attack in Paris and the 
threats we have already seen in Texas, cou-pled with the FBI director’s acknowledgment that we do not have the information nec-essary to effectively vet Syrian nationals, Texas cannot participate in any program that will result in Syrian refugees—any one of whom could be connected to terrorism— being resettled in Texas. 
Effective today, I am directing the Texas 
Health & Human Services Commission’s Ref-ugee Resettlement Program to not partici-pate in the resettlement of any Syrian refu-gees in the State of Texas. And I urge you, as president, to halt your plans to allow Syr-ians to be resettled anywhere in the United States. Neither you nor any federal official can guarantee that Syrian refugees will not be part of any terroristic activity. As such, opening our door to them irresponsibly ex-poses our fellow Americans to unacceptable 
peril. 
Respectfully, 
G
REGABBOTT , 
Governor. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHRISTIAN LIFE 
CENTER 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the Christian Life Center on its 25th anniversary. 
With the prayers and planning of a small, 
but committed, group of Christians, the Chris-tian Life Center was born in 1990. In the years since, the Center has continued to grow in faith and mission at its beautiful complex in Bensalem Township, Bucks County. 
Through its tireless work, the Christian Life 
Center has taken the Gospel into homes and hearts throughout its community while growing a welcoming place of worship for Christian families and individuals dedicated to their faith, each other. 
My best wishes for ongoing devotion and 
continued growth in the coming years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING VETERANS DAY 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN 
RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, as we 
come together today to recognize the service of all who have served in our nation’s armed forces, let us take a moment to remember those who paid the ultimate sacrifice in de-fense of our freedoms and could not be here today to join in the celebration. Let us also re-member those young men and women who at this very moment are in far off lands, standing between the forces of oppression and freedom loving people everywhere. 
We must also not forget the sacrifices made 
by the families of our service members, who go long periods of time without seeing their loved ones, and often have to perform the du-ties of two parents, while the other willfully places themselves in harm’s way for our grateful nation. 
As you know, our beautiful island, while 
small geographically in comparison to other states and territories, has the highest rate of enlistment into our nation’s armed forces, a fact that I persistently remind Congress of. In fact, it is 10 times that of the states. This means that in American Samoa, today is just a little more special, and I want to personally salute all from our island who have served. 
May God continue to bless the United 
States and those who stand to protect her. RECOGNIZING THE TEXAS VET-
ERANS COMMISSION OF EL PASO, TEXAS 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to stand today in recognition of the Texas Vet-erans Commission offices located in El Paso, Texas. Created in 1927, the Texas Veterans Commission has a longstanding tradition of honoring Texas Veterans. 
Working as a state appointed advocate, the 
Texas Veterans Commission represents Texas and its veterans before the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. The commission operates in four areas: claims representation and coun-seling services for veteran’s benefits; edu-cational benefits; employment assistance; and grant services for veteran service organiza-tions, charities, and government agencies. The El Paso offices have extended these important services to veterans in my district and have been helpful in getting these individuals the benefits they deserve. 
The local offices are well known for their 
work in the community. Specifically, the Com-mission has dedicated itself to combatting vet-eran unemployment with fairs such as ‘‘Hiring Red, White and You!’’ Since the first job fair in 2012, the Commission has been able to connect over 1,500 job seeking veterans with potential employers and information on oppor-tunities in the El Paso community. 
The El Paso Texas Veterans Commission 
offices have improved the quality of life for our community’s veterans and their families. I am grateful for the work of Bruce S. Biegel, Karen L. Rooks, Frances Holden and the entire staff for their unyielding advocacy and assistance to our veterans. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF REVEREND 
ALBERT E. CHEW, JR. 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
remembrance of Reverend Albert E. Chew, Jr. for his service to Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church after 56 years of service to the church and his community. His passing on November 6, 2015 leaves a void in the Fort Worth com-munity, and I join in giving our condolences to the Chew family. 
Born in Bremond, Texas, Reverend Chew 
was the son of a Baptist preacher. He at-tended high school in both Bremond and Waco, Texas before pursuing a college edu-cation at Bishop College and Prairie View A&M and completing seminary studies at Brite College of the Bible in Fort Worth, Texas. 
Reverend Chew served as a pastor at nu-
merous Texas churches since 1946, but for the last fifty-six years, he served the commu-nity at Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church. Dur-ing his time at Shiloh, he not only impacted the Northside neighborhood, but also the greater Fort Worth community through his community involvement. 
Chew was a charter member of the Fort 
Worth Human Relations Commission, an orga-nization that combated discriminatory practices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.010 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1624 November 16, 2015 
in the city. Alongside former City Councilman 
Bert Williams, Chew played a significant role in integrating Colonial Country Club, becoming one of its first black members. 
Reverend Chew served as Moderator Emer-
itus and the Treasurer of the Missionary Bap-tist General Convention of Texas, a position that he held for the past thirty-five years. He was also the first Vice-President of the Na-tional Baptist Convention of America, Inc. Until his passing, he served as the head of the Black Ecumenical Leadership Alliance, an or-ganization he helped found that brings Chris-tian ministers together in an effort to impact and change the lives of people throughout Fort Worth, Texas and the world. 
Reverend Chew not only gave back to his 
church community, but also served his country during World War II. As a troop coordinate in the United States Army, Reverend Chew dem-onstrated an unwavering commitment to his country. He was also committed to bettering the conditions of the African American com-munity and played an active role in his local NAACP chapter. 
In honor of Reverend Albert E. Chew, Jr., 
for his lifelong commitment to both his local and church communities; this statement will be submitted on Monday, November 16, 2015. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. CAROL GOMEZ 
SUMMERHAYS’ ELECTION AS PRESIDENT OF THE AMERICAN DENTAL ASSOCIATION 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Carol Gomez Summerhays, an accomplished dentist who recently was elect-ed as the first Filipina President of the Amer-ican Dental Association, a first the 156-year history of the ADA. Her election is a tremen-dous accomplishment for women and the Fili-pino-American community. 
It is my honor to commend Dr. Summerhays 
on a lifetime of service and commitment to the field of dentistry and community service. In-volved in a number of professional and civic organizations, she is a great choice to head this prestigious organization. 
A graduate of the University of Southern 
California on a full scholarship through the Armed Forces Health Professions Act, she’s owned a respected private practice for 32 years. Dr. Summerhays is a past president of the California Dental Association and a current member of the American College of Dentists, Academy of General Dentistry, the American Association of Women Dentists, the Hispanic Dental Association, and the Pankey Institute. 
In addition to her numerous professional ac-
complishments, Dr. Summerhays served on Active Duty as a lieutenant in the United States Navy Dental Corps for four years. 
Dr. Summerhays’ time in the military was 
part of her life-long commitment to community service. As a board member of Rotary Inter-national Thousand Smiles, she helped estab-lish a dental clinic in Ensenada, Mexico. She’s also provided charitable dental services to St. Vincent De Paul’s Homeless Shelter, Regional Access Medical LA, and USC’s East LA Den-tal Clinic. Her community involvement extends to the 
San Diego County Dental Society, the Salva-tion Army Women’s Auxiliary Board, and the American Cancer Society-La Jolla League. 
I commend Dr. Summerhays for her 37 
years of distinguished leadership. I am proud to be a part of the Asian American community where our professionals go beyond what is re-quired in order to make a positive impact on others. 
I rise today to offer her my most heartfelt 
congratulations for her exceptional achieve-ments in the field of dentistry and her contin-ued commitment to community service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SIKH 
MASSACRE OF 1984 
HON. JERRY McNERNEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, today, I want 
to honor those who were killed during the No-vember 1984 anti-Sikh pogroms and massacre in Delhi, India. I also want to bring attention to the current desecration of the Sikh’s Holy Scriptures. Sikhs are a minority group that should be officially recognized and I ask that this Congress support the plight of the Sikh people to gain recognition in India and halt the persecution against the Indian Sikh commu-nity. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SWEET ALICE HARRIS 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize 
and celebrate 50 years and community im-provement in Watts and South Los Angeles, California, under the inspiration and leadership of Sweet Alice Harris. 
Sweet Alice, as she is universally known, 
began speaking up against the health dispari-ties and lack of access to services that she saw in her neighborhood five decades ago. She founded the organization Parents of Watts to give voice to those who were no longer willing to accept the circumstances in which they found themselves and their chil-dren after decades of civic neglect. Parents of Watts provided a platform for community orga-nizing and self-empowerment. 
Watts and greater South Los Angeles might 
be a very different place without Sweet Alice Harris. Fifty years ago she began clearly and effectively insisting that her children, her neighbors and her community should have the same access to education, health care, safety and employment that others have. Through her unrelenting, focused advocacy, her effec-tive story-telling, and her development of rela-tionships with both the neediest and the most powerful in Los Angeles, she has improved the quality of life for people well beyond her immediate reach. 
I offer my personal thanks and congratula-
tions to Sweet Alice on 50 years of service. I remember the founding of Parents of Watts, an organization that has grown to provide an array of services to a diverse segment of the community, including emergency food and 
shelter for the homeless, college preparation for teenagers, drug counseling, health semi-nars and parenting classes. I am pleased that this work has been recognized over the years, including by Essence Magazine, the California Lieutenant Governor’s Woman of the Year Award, the Minerva Award from the California Governor & First Lady’s Conference on Women, President George H. W. Bush’s #702 Points of Light Award, and an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Southern California. 
With a list of accomplishments too lengthy 
to list here, her greatest success is that her work will continue to benefit Watts and South Los Angeles for the foreseeable future. It is an honor to recognize her work. 
f 
HONORING VIETNAM VETERANS 
OF AMERICA, LUCIO G. MORENO, CHAPTER 574 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Chapter 574 of the Vietnam Veterans of America (VVA) for their service to our country and support of Vietnam War Veterans, includ-ing those in El Paso. The Lucio G. Moreno Chapter has worked to assure that these vet-erans and their families are not forgotten in my district. 
Named in honor of lifelong El Pasoan and 
United States Marine Corps Veteran Lucio G. Moreno, Chapter 574 expanded under Mr. Moreno’s fifteen years of leadership as Presi-dent. The chapter is now the second largest in Texas and has advocated for improved healthcare access for our service members and veterans. 
Chapter 574 is an active force in our local 
community and the State of Texas. The Lucio G. Moreno Chapter held the Texas State Council convention for 37 VVA state chapters earlier this year, providing a space for Vet-erans to gather and discuss current issues facing veterans today such as reform efforts within the VA and access to benefits. The or-ganization regularly performs color guard duty at my Town Hall meetings and volunteers their time to support local high school ROTC pro-grams throughout El Paso. 
The chapter has also worked to create a 
more welcoming environment for service members returning home. These Vietnam Vet-erans felt that their own homecoming and re-
adjustment was difficult; they strive to ensure that ‘‘never again will one generation of vet-erans abandon another.’’ 
I am honored to recognize the Lucio G. 
Moreno Chapter 574 of Vietnam Veterans of America and their work to diligently serve our community and our veterans. 
f 
HONORING CPL. ARNOLD ABEL 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Cpl. Arnold Gordon Abel, of French Lick, Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.015 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1625 November 16, 2015 
I ask you all to join me in honoring the life 
of a fellow Hoosier veteran. 
Cpl. Abel entered the military at the age of 
19 and served in South Vietnam. As a United States Infantryman, Abel personified bravery and dignity while serving with his fellow Char-gers in the 196th Infantry Brigade. 
At home in Indiana, family and friends share 
fond memories of Abel and the character he embodied. 
Abel was renowned for his steadfast work 
ethic. In the months leading up to his initial deployment in October of 1967, Abel spent much of his leave time working for his former employer at the Hayden Jones construction company. His former employer praised the young man for exhibiting a maturity and dedi-cation well beyond his years. 
Abel was cherished by his parents, Grace 
and Carl, and by his sisters, Brenda and Kath-leen. He was a true American patriot and it is a privilege to stand here today in celebration of his life, which ended on the battlefield in South Vietnam on January 10th, 1968. 
Each year on Veterans’ Day, Americans 
around the world join together to pay tribute to all who served and to the soldiers who gave their last full measure of devotion fighting for the freedoms for which their nation still stands today. 
While over four decades have passed since 
Cpl. Abel laid down his life in service to the United States of America, his noble sacrifice lives on in the memories of family, friends, and the many people whose lives are better for having crossed his path. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,649,024,795,838.78. We’ve 
added $8,022,147,746,925.70 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS IN AMERICA 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize an outstanding landmark to commu-nity health and welfare. This year marks the 50th anniversary of the nation’s Community Health Center program. Community Health Centers (CRC) are the family doctor to over 23 million Americans and, as such, are the largest network of primary care providers in the country. The CHC model is distinguished by its comprehensive range of health services, recognizing the particular needs and charac-teristics of the communities they serve. Com-
munity Health Centers are located in medically underserved areas, providing needed care for communities and populations that do not have adequate access to care. Community involve-ment in CHCs is guaranteed by the require-ment that Federal Qualified Health Centers must have governing boards of directors that have patients of the center holding at least 51% of the board seats. 
In Massachusetts we are particularly proud 
because the nation’s first community health center opened in December 1965 on Colum-bia Point in Boston’s Dorchester neighbor-hood. Drs. Jack Geiger and Count Gibson of Tufts Medical School founded the Columbia Point Health Center in order to meet the needs of the residents of an isolated public housing project, cut off from the City’s health resources. Drs. Geiger and Gibson opened a rural center shortly thereafter in the Delta re-gion of Mississippi. From that start, the com-munity health center program expanded throughout the country. In 1966, the esteemed late Senator Edward M. Kennedy visited the Columbia Point Health Center and imme-diately understood its mission and its value. He became the greatest champion health cen-ters have ever known. Over the next 50 years, with his leadership and support, the Commu-nity Health Center program expanded tremen-dously. 
Mr. Speaker, there are now over 1,270 com-
munity health centers providing services at 9,000 sites across the country. CHCs have become the primary source of medical, dental, behavioral health, substance abuse treatment, social services and other community health services for neighborhoods and rural commu-nities that would otherwise be inadequately served. CHCs have also provided employment and career opportunities for thousands of local residents. 
Mr. Speaker, fifty years ago it all began 
here, in Massachusetts. I am proud to rise today to recognize and honor what has be-come a national model for providing services to our country’s underserved areas and urge my colleagues to join me in acknowledging the efforts of our Community Health Centers. 
f 
HONORING WILLIAM S. MORIARTY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor William S. Moriarty from Carter County, Missouri for his exemplary service to not only his community, but also his country. 
Bill began serving his country in the Marine 
Corps during the Vietnam War. His heroic ac-tions were acknowledged when he received the Silver Star, one of the highest military awards. After a long and successful career in the military that spanned over 22 years, he re-tired at the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. How-ever, his impact on the military did not end there as Bill has since spent countless hours helping other veterans in our area register for benefits. 
Bill has proven to be an invaluable asset to 
the community through his numerous volun-teer efforts. He makes a direct impact on the lives of others by lecturing on the dangers of drugs at local schools, donating his time at his 
local senior center, and working with the Meals on Wheels Program. Bill also volunteers through broader forums by serving on a branch of the University of Missouri Extension Council and as part of the Disaster Response Commission for Missouri. 
Bill is an exceptional model of a true Amer-
ican who serves others and it is my pleasure to recognize his efforts and accomplishments before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. ROBERT J. 
BEALL 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the work and achievements of Dr. Robert Beall, who recently stepped down as president and chief executive officer of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. In his 35 years with the Foundation, Dr. Beall’s efforts to ad-vance cystic fibrosis research and treatment have had an extraordinary impact. When Dr. Beall began work with the Foundation in 1980, the median predicted life expectancy of a pa-tient with cystic fibrosis was 18 years. Today, it is more than 40 years. 
In 1976, Dr. Beall was first introduced to the 
disease when he attended the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation’s meeting outside of San Diego. There, he was shocked to see how little sci-entific understanding there was about the dis-ease. In the words of Dr. Beall, ‘‘the founda-tion was so small at that point that the parents were bringing all the food and operating the projector—and I met the parents . . . Kids were dying then at a very young age. After I 
met the parents, I went back to the National Institutes of Health and said: ‘I want to do this.’ ’’ Dr. Beall went on to manage the Na-tional Institutes of Health’s cystic fibrosis pro-gram. There, he earned a National Institutes of Health Merit Award for his significant con-tributions to the field. 
In 1980, Dr. Beall joined the Cystic Fibrosis 
Foundation where he served first as their ex-ecutive vice president for medical affairs and, beginning in 1994, as their president and CEO. During Dr. Beall’s time with the Founda-tion, medical awards for cystic fibrosis re-search grew from $4 million to over $85 mil-lion and supported groundbreaking research including the discovery in 1989 of the genetic defect responsible for the disease. Further, under Dr. Beall’s oversight, the Foundation es-tablished 114 care centers and cutting-edge research facilities. We also have Dr. Beall to thank for developing and advancing the inno-vative concept of venture philanthropy. With this practice, Dr. Beall created the Thera-peutics Development Program to connect re-searchers with biotech companies. Thanks to Dr. Beall’s work, many children diagnosed with cystic fibrosis have lived into adulthood and it is no longer a pediatric disease. Today, more than 50 percent of patients are over 18 years of age. 
As co-chair of the Cystic Fibrosis Caucus, I 
have had the privilege of working with Dr. Beall and seeing firsthand his passion and commitment to finding a cure for cystic fibro-sis. His steadfast leadership and innovative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.020 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1626 November 16, 2015 
thinking has improved the lives of thousands 
of people with cystic fibrosis and their families. 
Today, I ask all Americans to join me in 
thanking Dr. Beall for his tireless dedication to helping people with cystic fibrosis and in wish-ing him the best in his new endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SPC. 
CHARLES BEALS 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Spc. Charles Beals, of French Lick, Indiana. 
I ask you all to join me in honoring the life 
of a fellow Hoosier veteran. 
Spc. Beals enlisted in the United States 
Army five months after high school graduation. By January of 1970, he had been assigned to Advanced Infantry Training and deployed to Vietnam the following spring. As a member of the renowned 506th Infantry Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, Beals personified bravery and dignity while serving with his fel-low Screaming Eagles. 
A friend to all, Charles is said to have 
brought laughter with him wherever he went. He was a cherished son and a loving brother to his nine siblings. 
Charles Beals gave his last full measure of 
devotion fighting on the hilltops of Vietnam. He sacrificed for his platoon, his brothers and sis-ters, and for every American who knows free-dom today. 
Like too many young American men who 
deployed, Spc. Beals’s remains have yet to be recovered. I join his family, friends, and broth-ers-in-arms in praying for closure. I pray for his eventual return to rest alongside his family and loved ones in Indiana. 
Each year on Veterans’ Day, Americans 
around the world join together to pay tribute to all who served and to the soldiers who gave their lives fighting for the liberties for which their nation still stands today. 
It is a privilege to honor Spc. Charles 
Beals’s courageous life and recognize his dis-tinguished service to his country. 
f 
HONORING THE 2015 DISTIN-
GUISHED CITIZEN AWARD RE-CIPIENTS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great respect that I take this time to recognize the 2015 Distinguished Citizen Award recipi-ents, presented annually by the Boy Scouts of America Calumet Council. To commemorate this special occasion, the organization hosted a celebratory event on Tuesday, November 10, 2015, at Gamba Ristorante in Merrillville, Indiana. Since 1992, the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica Calumet Council has presented the Distin-guished Citizen Award to individuals who have made a significant positive impact on their community in Northwest Indiana and across the state. This year, the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica Calumet Council honored Mamon and 
Cynthia Powers. 
Mamon and Cynthia Powers were born and 
raised in Gary, Indiana. Mamon graduated from Froebel High School as an honors stu-dent, and Cynthia was valedictorian of her class at Gary’s Tolleston High School. Fol-lowing High School, Mamon graduated from Purdue University with a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering. Cynthia earned her bach-elor’s and master’s degrees in English and college administration at Indiana State Univer-sity. Soon after graduating from college, Mamon and Cynthia began working with Mamon’s father at Powers & Sons Construc-tion Company, while both maintained other full-time jobs. In 1970, they formed Powers Realty, Incorporated. Eventually, they pur-chased a Century 21 franchise which Cynthia began managing and proved to be immensely successful in every aspect of the business. Al-ready making their mark in the business world, the couple wed in 1972. Over the years, Mamon has served as secretary and treasurer of Powers & Sons Construction Company. In 1987, he was named president and was later 
named the company’s chairman and chief ex-ecutive officer. Under his leadership, Powers & Sons changed its focus from residential to commercial and industrial construction and has become one of the largest African Amer-ican owned construction companies in the world. 
Aside from their work, Mamon and Cynthia 
give an extraordinary amount of their time and efforts to charitable endeavors. With over forty-five years of service to the community and to their alma maters, Purdue and Indiana State University, they are to be commended. Mamon serves as the chairman of the Meth-odist Hospitals Board of Directors. He is a member of the Fifth Third Bank—Chicago Re-gional Board of Directors, and he is also a member of the World Presidents’ Organization and Chief Executives’ Organization. In addi-tion, Mamon is a former member and vice chairman of the Board of Trustees of Purdue University. 
Cynthia is a member of Indiana State Uni-
versity’s Alumni Association Board, a member of the Indiana University Northwest Board of Advisors, treasurer of The Friends of Emerson School for the Visual and Performing Arts, a member of the Northern Indiana Chapter of the Links, Inc., and a Golden Life Member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, to name a few. Cynthia is also the former chairperson and member of the YWCA of Northwest Indiana. In addition, and most significant to both Cynthia and Mamon, is their service to the NAACP of Gary and the First AME Church, where Mamon serves as trustee and Cynthia is a long-time choir member and past youth choir director. Mamon and Cynthia have been hon-ored and awarded many times for their out-standing work throughout Northwest Indiana and beyond. They serve as an inspiration to us all and have helped lead Northwest Indiana toward a new and bright future. To be their friend is a blessing. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in honoring the Boy Scouts of America Calumet Council and its 2015 Distinguished Citizen Award re-cipients, Mamon and Cynthia Powers. For their lifetime of leadership and tireless dedica-tion to their community and to those in need, Mamon and Cynthia are worthy of the highest praise. HONORING ELEANOR MAGERA ON 
HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Eleanor L. Magera on her 100th birth-day. Eleanor has lived in Lake Villa Township for many years, spending the last 12 years at Cedar Village in Lake Villa. Maintaining a youthful persona, Eleanor is known for her positive and independent attitude, positively in-fluencing everyone who has the pleasure of making her acquaintance. 
Eleanor was born in Beachwood, Michigan 
on November 15, 1915. One of 11 children, Eleanor would go on to have her own big fam-ily with her husband of 60 years, Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Magera, who passed away in May of 2000. Together they had two children, Martin and Dorothy, six grandchildren, many great grandchildren, and a great great grandchild. Eleanor remains active not only by walking the floors of Cedar Village on a daily basis, but by leading a group exercise class three days a week. She also keeps her mind sharp through her love of board games, even earning the title of the ‘‘Queen of Scrabble.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, Eleanor L. Magera is a neigh-
bor and friend to all those who reside in Lake Villa Township, and I am proud to recognize her for the continued service and inspiration she brings to the community. 
f 
CALLING UPON THE CFPB TO PRO-
TECT OUR NATION’S VETERANS BY ISSUING A STRONG PAYDAY LENDING RULE 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor our nation’s veterans by asking the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to issue a strong rule protecting our former servicewomen and men from predatory pay-day lending schemes. The CFPB should en-sure that the federal rule leaves no room for the payday lending industry to circumvent laws in states like New York that have set strong, enforceable prohibitions on payday lending. 
Payday lenders have long targeted mem-
bers of the military with promises of quick cash but realities of triple digit interest rates and even more debt. While the Obama Admin-istration recently addressed many of these issues by closing loopholes in the 2006 Mili-tary Lending Act, our veterans are left vulner-able—and vulnerable they are indeed. The Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment estimates that nearly 50,000 veterans are homeless on any given night, and the Na-tional Coalition for Homeless Veterans esti-mates another 1.4 million veterans are at risk of homelessness due to poverty and a lack of community support networks. We must do bet-ter by those who risked their lives in service to this country. 
It is because of financial challenges like 
those faced by our veterans—the struggle to find affordable housing, health care and a liv-ing wage—that payday lending has thrived 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.024 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1627 November 16, 2015 
where it is permitted. But where it has not 
been permitted, such as in New York, people have found ways other than abusive, unfair, and predatory payday loans to address their fi-nancial needs. The rules issued by the CFPB must uphold the strong protections states like New York have in place. At a minimum, the CFPB should: 
Require a meaningful ‘‘ability to repay’’ 
standard, without exceptions or safe harbors; 
Provide that a violation of state usury law is 
an unfair, deceptive and abusive act and prac-tice (UDAAP); 
Provide that payday loans are subject to the 
law of the state where the borrower resides; 
Prohibit abusive bank account access by 
payday lenders; and 
Include enforceable protections against 
abuses by lead generators and other third- party marketing affiliates that sell people’s sensitive personal and financial information to payday lenders. 
On the battlefield, our military pledges to 
leave no servicemember behind. Our promise to them must be no less when they return home. They promised to protect and defend this nation, and we owe the same to them. I urge my colleagues to join me in asking the CFPB to issue a strong rule that is fair and that honors those who served this country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I was necessarily absent from the House on February 26, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted NO on H. Res. 125, the rule for H.R. 5, Roll Call 93. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CATHY 
WHITEHEAD 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today I 
ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating and recognizing the extraordinary work of Chester County teacher Cathy Whitehead. Cathy’s leadership skills among her colleges and her ability to tailor her instruction to each student’s needs have led her to be named the 2015–16 Tennessee Teacher of the Year. 
Cathy Whitehead has dedicated the past six 
years to teaching Middle Tennessee youth at West Chester Elementary School. Over those years she has earned a shining reputation for delivering high-quality personalized instruction, including creating project-based opportunities for advanced students. 
Cathy’s devotion to education spans beyond 
her classroom. She has served in several leadership positions in her district and regu-larly leads professional development classes for her peers. 
When receiving the state’s top teaching 
honor during the annual Teacher of the Year banquet, Cathy said, ‘‘Every student can learn, and every student can grow, the potential is there. It’s up to us to help them see it.’’ I ask 
my colleagues to join me in celebrating Cathy Whitehead’s dedication, passion, and commit-ment to helping tomorrow’s leaders learn their potential today. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PFC. 
RICHARD WOLFINGTON, JR. 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Pfc. Richard Wolfington, Jr. of Indianapolis, Indiana. 
I ask you all to join me in honoring the life 
of a fellow Hoosier veteran. 
Wolfington was a fellow United States Ma-
rine. He enlisted at the age of 20 and de-ployed to South Vietnam in 1967. He served with great distinction and valor alongside fel-low members of the renowned Fighting Third. 
During his tour, Wolfington suffered combat 
injuries while defending a Vietnamese village. After weeks of hospitalization, Wolfington re-turned to the exact battlefield where he was wounded to rejoin his brothers-in-arms. 
Wolfington was a true American hero. It is 
a privilege to stand here today in celebration of his life, which tragically ended upon his re-turn to battle. 
Each year on Veterans’ Day, Americans 
around the world join together to pay tribute to all who served and to the soldiers who gave their lives fighting for the liberties for which their nation still stands today. 
Like so many young American men of his 
generation, Wolfington endured the realities of war with noble dignity and gave his last full measure of devotion in service to his country. Oorah Marine. 
It is a privilege to honor his courageous life 
and recognize Pfc. Richard Wolfington, Jr. for distinguished service in the United States Ma-rine Corps. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
FEDERATION OF THE BLIND OF PENNSYLVANIA’S 75TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the National Federation of the Blind who celebrate 75 years of service for the vision impaired. Established in November 1940 by Jacobus tenBroek, The National Fed-eration of the Blind has prided itself for the better part of a century as being the voice of the blind Americans. 
The Federation’s initial convention took 
place in Wilkes-Barre, PA, uniting organiza-tions of the blind from across seven states under one constitution. Once established, the NFB advocated for financial security, equal employment opportunity and equal access to housing, transportation and places of public accommodation. 
Today, the National Federation of the Blind 
is America’s largest organization of the blind with affiliates in all 50 states and over 50,000 
members. Within the Federation are dozens of subsidiaries, such as the National Association of Blind Students, the National Association of Blind Lawyers, The National Association of Blind Merchants, the National Association of the Blind in Communities of Faith, and the Na-tional Association of Guide Dog Users. This vast network helps to educate the general public as well as legislators and policy makers at the local, state, and national levels. In addi-tion, the NFB facilitates mentoring relation-ships, provides Braille certification courses, and has a division dedicated to educating the public about the use of guide dogs. 
It is an honor to recognize the National Fed-
eration of the Blind for celebrating their 75th Anniversary. I congratulate them on the great strides they have made to advance the wel-fare of men and women with vision impair-ments. May they continue their honorable work promoting and defending the interests of the blind in America. 
f 
CELEBRATION OF THE 250TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE REPUDIATION ACT IN FREDERICK COUNTY, MARYLAND 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to salute the Sergeant Lawrence Everhart Chapter of the National Society of the Sons of the American Revolution and the Frederick and Carrollton Manor Chapters of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Rev-olution on their collaboration in celebrating the 250th anniversary of the Repudiation Act in Frederick County, Maryland. This event was a defining moment in our nation’s history and established a critically-important precedent in our judicial system. 
On November 23, 1765, the twelve justices 
of the Frederick County Court took the bold and unprecedented step to repudiate ‘‘taxation without representation.’’ The British had passed the Stamp Act on March 22, 1765, which was to take effect on November 1st of that year. The new tax was imposed on all American colonists and required them to pay a tax on every piece of printed paper. This was the first internal tax levied directly on American colonists by the British government. Obviously unpopular, the Stamp Act raised the constitutional question of taxation without rep-resentation and the extent of the legislative powers of Parliament over the colonies. 
The most significant reaction to the Act was 
expressed in Frederick County. The Frederick Court unanimously ordered that ‘‘all pro-ceedings shall be Valid and Effectual without the use of Stamps’’ because, first, a ‘‘Legal Publication’’ had not been made ‘‘of any Act of Parliament’’ and, second, there was no stamped paper in ‘‘the province and the Inhab-itants have no means of Procuring any.’’ They further wrote ‘‘that it would be an Instance of the most wanton Oppression to deprive any person of a Legal Remedy for the Recovery of his property for omitting that which it is Impos-sible to perform.’’ 
This decision came to be known as the Re-
pudiation Act and earned the justices the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.028 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1628 November 16, 2015 
honor of being called the ‘‘Twelve Immortals.’’ 
Thanks to this extraordinary ruling, the con-stitutional principles of representative govern-ment and political self-determination, critical to the success of the coming American Revolu-tion, became engrained throughout the colo-nies. Indeed, it is noteworthy that these early jurists established through their bold ruling the principle of judicial independence, striking down the decree of Parliament and reinforcing the obligation of courts to protect the rights and liberties of people. 
The judges’ ruling set off great rejoicing in 
the streets of Frederick. A parade was held through the streets highlighted by a funeral procession. The community was so thankful for this decision that they covered a coffin in anti-Stamp Act slogans and symbolically laid the Stamp Act to rest. 
This year, on the 250th anniversary, the 
celebration will include a reenactment of the parade that carried the coffin containing the now-deceased Stamp Act through the streets of Frederick. The current Clerk of the Fred-erick County Court, Sandra Dalton, will read the words that were recorded in 1765. A new sign will be dedicated on the grounds of the City Hall, recognizing the courage of the twelve judges who protected the rights and lib-erties of all people. 
Mr. Speaker, Frederick County, Maryland 
has a proud history of patriotism and standing 
up against tyranny. I am proud that the com-munity is gathering to celebrate this defining moment in our history. 
f 
TROOP 395 EAGLE SCOUTS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate three outstanding young men who have earned the rank of Eagle Scout with Missouri City Boy Scout Troop 395. 
These three Scouts are among less than 
five percent of all Boy Scouts to earn such a prestigious rank by dedicating countless hours towards organizing and working on service projects with Troop 395. For his Eagle Scout project, Ethan Spendlove, a senior at Ridge Point High School, built a shade canopy for a local community garden. Matheus Meneses, a senior at Elkins High School, built a corral trap for wild hogs at an area nature preserve. Tyler Echard, a sophomore at Ridge Point High School, built bat houses in his neighborhood to help lower the mosquito population. These Eagle Scouts exemplify the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership. We are extremely proud of their selfless dedication to our com-munity and for demonstrating such strong leadership. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Ethan, Matheus, and Tyler for earning Eagle Scout. They have bright futures as com-munity leaders ahead. HONORING THE LIFE OF NOHEMI 
GONZALEZ 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great sadness that I rise to honor the life of Nohemi ‘‘Mimi’’ Gonzalez, a 23-year-old senior at California State University, Long Beach, who was killed in the senseless terrorist at-tacks in Paris on Friday, November 13, 2015. Nohemi, a native of the San Gabriel Valley, was in the Petit Cambodge restaurant with an-other Long Beach State student when she was fatally shot by the Islamic State group, also known as ISIS. Nohemi was in Paris studying at the Strate College of Design dur-ing a semester abroad program. 
A proud independent and energetic first- 
generation Mexican-American, Nohemi was born on October 19, 1992, in Whittier, where she grew up. She graduated early from Whit-tier High School and became a first-generation college student. Gonzalez was studying Indus-trial Design, paying her way through school with help from an on-campus job in the school’s design shop. Nohemi was full of life. Her classmates called her a firecracker and a rabbit—hopping around the Cal State Long Beach campus’s design school eager to help anyone who needed it. She loved life and was eager to learn and partake in our American dream. 
Nohemi is survived by her mother, Beatrice 
and step-father, Jose Hernandez, residents of El Monte. Beatrice wanted her daughter to be remembered as a young Latina who worked hard to get ahead. I wish to express my sin-cere sympathy to her parents as well as her extended family, friends, and the entire Cal State Long Beach community, who have all been devastated by the loss of one so loved. I ask that all of my colleagues join me to honor the life of Nohemi Gonzalez and re-member all those who lost their lives in Paris. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES TO 
THE VICTIMS OF THE TER-RORIST ATTACKS IN PARIS AND SOLIDARITY WITH THE PEOPLE OF FRANCE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in sorrow over the loss of so many inno-cent lives cut short by the outrageous and hei-nous acts of terrorism that shocked and rocked the people of Paris last Friday and earned the lasting enmity of peaceful and free-dom loving people around the world. 
Right now, our prayers are with the victims 
and their families at this terrible time. 
And we stand in unyielding solidarity with 
the people of France, which like the United States, is one of the most welcoming nations in the world. 
Mr. Speaker, for centuries Paris has been 
known to the world as the City of Light. 
The title is richly deserved because Paris 
has been a world leader in the march of human progress in the arts, culture, science, 
democratic theory and governance, and em-braces the challenges and opportunities of the modern world. 
Those who think that they can terrorize the 
people of France or the values that they cher-ish underestimate a nation that has faced and prevailed against far more sinister and lethal adversaries. 
And they will again, but they will not con-
front these adversaries alone. 
They will be joined by the United States and 
the other countries of the civilized world. 
The French are justly proud of their national 
motto, ‘‘Liberte, egalite, fraternite,’’ (liberty, equality, fraternity) and no act of terrorism by cowardly perpetrators will succeed in leading them to renounce their heritage of freedom and justice. 
It is a heritage that we here in the United 
States share. 
And that is why the civilized world must and 
will rededicate itself to combating and defeat-ing radical jihadism. 
And as has been done many times through-
out the long and special relationship between the United States and France, we will face and overcome threats to our way of life to-gether. 
We will not bow and will never break; we 
will not falter or fail. 
We will respond. We will endure. We will 
overcome. 
The terrorist attacks in Paris on Friday were 
horrific acts on innocent civilians perpetrated by depraved individuals who misuse the peaceful religion of Islam for their own mis-guided purposes. 
Their horrible and heinous acts are their re-
sponsibility, and theirs alone, and for which they can be assured that they alone will be held accountable. 
But that will come another day; today I ask 
a moment of silence for the victims killed and injured in the terrorist attacks last Friday in Paris. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL FITZGERALD 
AND FINER FOODS FOR THEIR THANKSGIVING GENEROSITY 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and honor Michael Fitzgerald of Finer Foods. Since 1934, Finer Foods and the Fitz-gerald family have put food on tables of Chicagoland’s restaurants, grocery stores and cafeterias. Finer Foods is truly one of Chi-cago’s iconic family businesses. 
For the last five years, Michael and Finer 
Foods have graciously donated and delivered turkeys and Thanksgiving fixings for families in North Chicago, Waukegan and Zion, Illinois. I have personally witnessed how this generosity has impacted the lives of people suffering temporary economic hardship during the Thanksgiving season. 
On behalf of the people of the 10th Con-
gressional and the hundreds of families who enjoyed Thanksgiving dinner, I want to offer our sincere and heartfelt thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.033 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1629 November 16, 2015 
JOSHUA OKOLO CAN THINK 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Joshua Okolo of Katy, Texas for winning the Texas Summer THINK Challenge. 
Joshua, a student at Fielder Elementary, 
dedicated his summer to keeping his mind sharp. Over the course of the summer, he completed over 2,000 math problems—ap-proximately 52 hours of math. What a great way to spend a summer. Thank you to his parents and teachers for encouraging Joshua to love and excel in math. We are all proud of your hard work. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Joshua for winning the Texas Summer THINK Challenge. What a way to strengthen your math skills. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COMMUNITY 
FOUNDATION WEEK 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor community foundations all across the country that embody the generosity of spirit that is such an important American value. Community Foundation Week was founded in 1989 and every November 12th–18th it honors the tremendous contributions of these organi-zations made up of Americans voluntarily working together to improve their communities. Since the first community foundation was founded in my home state of Ohio in 1914 these groups have filled a unique place in American society and provide assistance and inspiration to millions of people. 
Today there are more than 750 community 
foundations in the United States, with 84 in Ohio, and several who serve communities in the 12th District such as the Delaware County Foundation, the Dublin Foundation, the Gran-ville Foundation, the Licking County Founda-tion, the Morrow County Foundation, the Muskingum County Community Foundation, the Richland County Foundation, and the Co-lumbus Foundation. These foundations work with their communities to make meaningful contributions in many areas like education, the arts, social services, and healthcare, and have provided millions of dollars over the years to these causes. 
As just one example of the huge impact 
these foundations can have, the Licking Coun-ty Foundation is working to transform a park-ing lot in downtown Newark into the Canal Market District through a $4 million fund es-tablished by the Evans Foundation. The dis-trict will feature new walkways and green spaces centered around the Canal Market Plaza, three new structures that will form an open air farmer’s market and provide a venue for many different events from the spring through the fall. This project would not be pos-sible without years of working with local lead-ers, business owners, and the citizens of the community. Since the project was announced last year, Denison University, Licking Memorial 
Health Systems, the City of Newark, Bon Appe´tit Management, USDA Rural Develop-
ment and the Ohio and Licking County Farm Bureaus have all come forward to help with the district. This project will provide economic benefits to Newark, as well as increased ac-cess to fresh food. 
The Columbus Foundation, the seventh 
largest community foundation in the nation, provides other great examples of the impor-tance of community foundations. Recently, the Columbus Foundation set up a trust using a generous gift by David and Nanci Gobey that will allow graduates of Columbus City Schools to keep the instrument they have been using in high school. As a member of the marching band in high school and at The Ohio State University, I personally experienced how the arts can have an everlasting impact on one’s life. The arts and art education are important for personal and intellectual growth of students and people of all ages. Music programs have been shown to increase academic perform-ance, and programs like the one the Colum-bus Foundation facilitated help keep music in our schools and our students’ lives despite a tough budgetary environment. 
These examples merely hint at the out-
standing work done by community foundations in central Ohio and all across the nation. I am honored to recognize Community Foundation Week this year, and acknowledge the tireless philanthropic efforts of these organizations to improve communities all across the country. 
f 
NLRB REFORM ACT 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, for too long, the partisan bias of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board—has caused in-stability in how the NLRB will interpret labor policy rules, harming employees and destroy-ing jobs. The President’s ‘Big Labor Bully’ has constantly abused its authority by overregu-lating and restricting right-to-work states. 
Today, I have introduced the NLRB Reform 
Act to end the bias in the NLRB by adding a sixth member—establishing equal representa-tion for each political party. It will benefit em-ployers and employees and will help create jobs by reining in the unfair general counsel and enforcing timely decision-making. 
A non-partisan board would restore fairness 
to promote new jobs. Last week, I announced my introduction of this legislation at Nephron Pharmaceuticals in Lexington County with CEO Lou Kennedy, Representative Todd Atwater, President of the South Carolina Man-ufacturer’s Alliance Louis Gossett, and former CEO of the South Carolina Chamber of Com-merce Otis Rawl; and at CommuniGraphics in North Augusta, with owners Mark and Tracy Cook, and Representative Bill Hixon. 
In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and 
may the President by his actions never forget September 11th in the Global War on Ter-rorism. Our sympathy for America’s First Ally, France, as the latest target in the Global War on Terrorism. RECOGNIZING THE 40TH 
ANNIVERSARY OF ARC OF YATES 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Arc of Yates on its 40th anniversary. 
Arc of Yates is a non-profit organization lo-
cated in Penn Yan, New York. Since 1975, it has provided services to individuals with de-velopmental disabilities, empowering them to lead ‘‘self-directed’’ and ‘‘meaningful’’ lives. 
Arc of Yates serves more than 400 children, 
adults, and seniors across the Finger Lakes region. It provides a wide range of services, including day habilitation, residential living, employment training, and various educational opportunities. In addition, Arc of Yates offers several clinical programs, focusing on social work, nursing, and nutrition. 
Last month, Arc of Yates reopened its facil-
ity in Penn Yan, less than eighteen months after it was badly damaged by devastating floods. This resiliency is a testament to their commitment to serving our local families and communities. 
I commend the staff and volunteers of Arc 
of Yates on everything they have achieved in the past forty years, and I look forward to their continued efforts to empower our neighbors with disabilities to live independent and inclu-sive lives. 
f 
TEXAS REAL ESTATE COMMISSION 
APPOINTMENT 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-
late Rayito Stephens of Pearland, Texas on her appointment to the Texas Real Estate Commission by Governor Greg Abbott. 
Mrs. Stephens is a licensed realtor and 
broker with over twenty-one years of experi-ence. Throughout her career, she has been in-volved in almost every aspect of the real es-tate industry from home construction to real estate negotiation. She shows her big, Texas- sized heart by dedicating her time to helping veterans and people with disabilities become homebuyers. Rayito’s appointment is a reflec-tion of her impressive career and dedication to others. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations to Rayito Stephens on her appointment to the Texas Real Estate Commission. Governor Ab-bott made a great decision in selecting you. 
f 
H.R. 1694 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, earlier today I 
asked unanimous consent that my name be removed as a co-sponsor of H.R. 1694. 
I urged a change in the language to 
strengthen support for our veteran business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.038 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1630 November 16, 2015 
owners by establishing a dedicated funding 
stream. Unfortunately the bill sponsor declined to make this change. 
I urge my colleagues to instead support 
H.R. 3997 which would much more effectively ensure that our veteran business owners have the opportunity to compete and succeed. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEB WEILAGE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Deb Weilage of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for being named a Parent Educator of the Year. She was honored recently at the Parents as Teachers Conference in Dallas, Texas. 
Deb, along with four other parent educators 
from around the country, accepted the award before 1,300 conference participants. Each of them there were representing early childhood, child care, health, mental health, social serv-ices, and government agencies from across the nation and around the world. The Parent Educator of the Year award is intended to honor those individuals and affiliate programs whose practices exemplify the mission of Par-ents as Teachers. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent 
leaders like Deb in the United States Con-gress, and it is with great pride that I recog-nize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better the state of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF EXPRESSING 
THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES REGARDING THE VICTIMS OF TERROR PRO-TECTION FUND—HOUSE RESOLU-TION 528 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, November 16, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the past 
36 hours have been a very trying time for the world family as we grapple with the reality of terrorists wreaking havoc in our world. 
One only needs to look at the current news 
events across the globe to appreciate the im-perative of countering violent extremism, em-powering and protecting victims of terror, refu-gees and displaced persons. 
In the past three months alone, ISIS has 
claimed responsibility for crimes, atrocities and terroristic attacks, claiming lives in Saudi Ara-bia, Yemen, Egypt, Beirut and Paris. 
Daesh-ISIL and other terrorist networks that 
have pledged allegiance to ISIS today pose the gravest extremist threat faced by our gen-eration and those of our children. 
But we must not be moved by their evil 
ways, for eventually, the arc of the moral uni-verse always tips on the side of justice of peace of equity of the rule of law. 
This is why I remain steadfast in my com-
mitment to combatting violent extremism and protecting victims. Today, I introduced legislation expressing 
the sense of the House of Representatives re-garding the creation of a Victims of Terror Pro-tection Fund. 
I urge support of this legislation. As a result of terrorism in the region and 
Boko Haram in particular in Nigeria, recent re-ports inform us that Nigeria has the highest number of displaced persons in Africa and the third largest in the world, following Syria and Columbia. 
As we know, the recent coordinated attacks 
in Paris, following military interventions by at least two United Nations Security Council per-manent members: Russia and France high-lights the fact that we are dealing with an enemy of humanity and compels us to launch an international and coordinated strategy to di-minish ISIS to protect our children and our children’s children. 
Moreover, the recent events underscore the 
importance of a Comprehensive Convention on International Terrorism to degrade and per-manently destroy ISIS and its vitriolic ideology that is inflicting pain on innocent people. 
As we all know, humanitarian crises trig-
gered by sectarian and ideological violence has plagued our world at a disheartening rate. 
According to one United Nations High Com-
missioner for Refugees (UNHCR’s) annual Global Trends report, which is based on data compiled by governments and non-govern-mental partner organizations, and from the or-ganization’s own records, over 60 million peo-ple have been forcibly displaced across the globe. 
Moreover, according to a report by the Inter-
national Displacement Monitor Center, an esti-mated 3,300,000 persons have been dis-placed and 5,500 killed as a result of the vio-lence wreaked by Boko Haram. 
One United Nations Children’s Fund 
(UNICEF) report asserts that as the most pop-ulous nation in Africa with 174,000,000 per-sons, 1,500,000 people have fled their homes to escape Boko Haram. 
In April, 2014, 276 girls were terrorized and 
kidnapped from their dormitories in Chibok by Boko Haram. 
In addition to the still missing Chibok girls, 
approximately 3,300,000 persons are dis-placed in the Lake Chad Basin which sits on the edge of the Sahara which encompasses Chad, Cameroon, Niger and Nigeria. 
We must not forget these girls or displaced 
persons and must work to provide the support they will need to recover from the trauma they have suffered. 
The victims will be in dire need of humani-
tarian assistance which the Victims of Terror Protection Fund can provide. 
The Victims of Terror Protection Fund 
should be modeled after the cases of Khazistan and Equatorial Guinea where prior kleptocracy initiatives have been created to benefit communities and victims in need of support. 
A kleptocracy is when a government in 
power exploits or steals national resources, which unfortunately has happened all too often across the globe. 
Here, the United States Department of Jus-
tice through its Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative has identified the forfeited ‘‘Abacha Funds,’’ funds stolen by former Nigerian dic-tator Sanni Abacha. 
Indeed, the ‘‘Abacha Funds’’ is the largest 
kleptocracy forfeiture action ever brought in the United States resulting in a $450,000,000 
judgment of the forfeited assets facilitated by Justice’s remarkable Kleptocracy Asset Re-covery Initiative. 
The Abacha Administration embezzled Nige-
rian public funds under other false claims, that the Administration was investing in national security measures to protect Nigeria and the Nigerian people. 
As we all see now, as a result of or in part 
because of the Abacha Administration’s failure to invest in and implement security measures, the security in Nigeria and the region is ten-uous, with the country and region currently under continuous threat by the ISIS affiliated group Boko Haram. 
Indeed, Boko Haram and other sectarian 
terrorists have trafficked, kidnapped, murdered and caused the displacement of millions of children, women and men. 
Recovered victims displaced by terrorist ac-
tivity as well as refugees, migrants and inter-nally displaced persons fleeing for their lives will be in dire need of protection and support. 
A Victim of Terror Protection Fund can sup-
ply health aid, educational support, employ-ment training, economic empowerment, dignity and overall improved social welfare of these victims. 
I continue to have a deep appreciation of 
the patriotism, resilience, and commitment of the Nigerian people under the leadership of their newly democratically elected President Muhammadu Buhari. 
As an emerging democracy, Nigeria is a 
country that has faced its set of challenges, conflicts, and contradictions analogous to the human condition itself. 
Yet, resiliency flows through the veins and 
into the hearts of the Nigerian people. 
That is why I urge my colleagues to support 
the victims through the protection fund to pro-tect, support and address the unprecedented migrant and refugee crisis across the Medi-terranean triggered by violent extremism, con-flict and natural disasters. 
Boko Haram is an existential threat to the 
human rights, well being and security of the Nigerian people and their regional neighbors with its relentless drive to commit genocide. 
Part of the strategy to help address the 
scourge of Boko Haram’s atrocity should be through the creation of a Victim of Terror Pro-tection Fund and accessibility of military tech-nical assistance to Nigeria and its regional neighbors pursuant to the UN Security Council and neighboring African countries call for ac-celerated military collaboration to combat this extremist group. 
This is why I commend the U.S. Administra-
tion’s announcement that it is deploying 300 U.S. troops to Africa to set up a drone base to track fighters from Boko Haram, which con-tinues to seek to destabilize Nigeria and neighboring countries during its blood thirsty assault on innocent people. 
The U.S. forces’ presence will be critical to 
combatting Boko Haram, which now appears to continue to wage its vicious insurgency in Nigeria and now spilling into neighboring Cam-eroon, Chad and Niger and leaving an esti-mated 20,000 people dead. 
In light of these atrocities and its pleading of 
allegiance to the Islamic State (ISIS), we must remain vigilant of Boko Haram, since both groups are fighting to establish a caliphate across the Middle East and in Africa. 
Our global strategy for ending the suffering, 
preventing displacement and creating solu-tions for displaced persons in Africa requires a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.043 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1631 November 16, 2015 
multi-pronged strategy which would involve a 
sustained humanitarian response, government and civil society capacity building, and the cre-ation of resilient political and security infra-structures and landscapes. 
This proposed Victims of Terror Protection 
Fund is one of the strategies for addressing the growing African migrant and refugee crisis. 
I commend President Buhari’s commitment 
to Nigerian security and his directive to local authorities to tighten vigilance in vulnerable places. 
I hope we continue to build a stronger alli-
ance with President Buhari and Nigeria. 
To succeed at all our objectives, Nigeria 
must have continued U.S. support in pro-tecting victims of terror, technical training, logistical and infrastructural capabilities and professionalizing its military force to battle Boko Haram. 
Nigeria has emerged from so many trials 
and tribulations stronger, more united, more focused, and committed to reestablishing the stability, peace, security, growth, and develop-
ment of the country. 
I invite all Members including those who 
have supported previous efforts, letters and resolutions related to combatting terrorism and Boko Haram and the promotion of U.S. Nige-ria relations to join me in sponsoring this reso-lution expressing a sense of the House of Representatives regarding the Victims of Ter-ror Protection Fund. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, No-
vember 17, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
NOVEMBER 18 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower 
To receive a closed briefing on undersea 
critical infrastructure protection. 
SVC–217 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold hearings to examine the inter-
national climate negotiations. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Business meeting to consider H.R. 2820, 
to reauthorize the Stem Cell Thera-peutic and Research Act of 2005, S. 1719, 
to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and the nomina-tions of Victoria A. Lipnic, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2020 (Reappoint-ment), and Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine National 
Adoption Month, focusing on stories of success and meeting the challenges of international adoptions. 
SD–226 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider S. 571, to 
amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to fa-cilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, to require the re-vision of the third class medical cer-tification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, S. 1143, to make the authority of States of Washington, Oregon, and California to manage Dungeness crab fishery perma-nent and for other purposes, S. 1518, to make exclusive the authority of the Federal Government to regulate the la-beling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, S. 1685, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to extend to private land use restric-tions its rule relating to reasonable ac-commodation of amateur service com-munications, S. 1886, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observa-tion System Act of 2009 and for other purposes, S. 1916, to include skilled nursing facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Communications Act of 1934, S. 2044, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to commu-nicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the subject of the contract, S. 2206, to reduce the incidence of sexual harassment and assault at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, to reauthorize the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration 
Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, and to reauthorize the Hydro-graphic Services Improvement Act of 1998, the nominations of Anthony Rosario Coscia, of New Jersey, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Direc-tors for a term of five years (Re-appointment), and Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years, and routine lists in the Coast Guard. 
SR–253 
2 p.m. 
Joint Economic Committee 
To hold hearings to examine millennial 
voices on advancing the American dream. 
SD–106 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 817, to 
provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon, and S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Res-ervation Act to make technical correc-tions; to be immediately followed by a 
hearing to examine S. 410, to strength-en Indian education, S. 1163, to amend the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and reauthor-ization to ensure the survival and con-tinuing vitality of Native American languages, and S. 1928, to support the education of Indian children. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine pending cal-
endar business. 
SR–418 
NOVEMBER 19 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the De-partment of the Army, Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of De-fense. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Business meeting to consider S. 329, to 
amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as compo-nents of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 556, to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a bison management plan for Grand Canyon National Park, S. 1583, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, S. 1592, to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Ari-zona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to in-clude additional land in the Kaibab Na-tional Forest, S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water En-hancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, S. 2046, to authorize the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric li-cense for the Mahoney Lake hydro-electric project in the State of Alaska, S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to mod-ify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon, S. 2083, to ex-tend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agriculture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdic-tion of each Secretary for good Samari-
tan search-and-recovery missions, H.R. 1324, to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, and the nominations of Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Direc-tor of the United States Geological 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16NO8.045 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1632 November 16, 2015 
Survey, Department of the Interior, 
and Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an As-sistant Secretary (Nuclear Energy), and Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, all of Department of Energy. 
SD–366 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, 
and International Cybersecurity Policy 
To hold hearings to examine democratic 
transitions in southeast Asia. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-
tions 
To hold hearings to examine human traf-
ficking. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 247, to 
amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as re-
nunciation of United States nation-ality, and S. 1318, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for pro-tection of maritime navigation and prevention of nuclear terrorism. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine lessons from 
the Paris terrorist attacks, focusing on ramifications for the homeland and ref-ugee resettlement. 
SD–342 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
DECEMBER 1 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Well Control Rule and other regu-lations related to offshore oil and gas 
production. 
SD–366 
DECEMBER 3 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
implementation of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act of 1980, including perspectives on the Act’s impacts in Alaska and sugges-tions for improvements to the Act. 
SD–366 
POSTPONEMENTS 
NOVEMBER 18 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine United 
States refugee resettlement and the intersection of foreign and domestic policy. 
SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16NO8.000 E16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1210 Monday, November 16, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7959–S7971 
Measures Introduced: Two bills and one resolution 
were introduced, as follows: S. 2282–2283, and S. Res. 313.
                                                                        Page S7966 
Measures Passed: 
Condemning the Terrorist Attacks in Paris: Sen-
ate agreed to S. Res. 313, condemning the terrorist attacks in Paris and offering thoughts and prayers for the victims, condolences to their families, resolve to support the people of France, and the pledge to de-fend democracy and stand in solidarity with the country of France and all our allies in the face of this horrific attack on freedom and liberty.
           Page S7970 
Measures Considered: 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-
ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the 
motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2577, making appropriations for the Departments of Trans-portation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016.
                                                       Page S7963 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, 
and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Wednesday, November 18, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S7963 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: By 93 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. EX. 305), LaShann 
Moutique DeArcy Hall, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York.
                                                                        Pages S7960–61 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, to be a Member of 
the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. 
6 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S7971 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7966 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7966–68 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7968–70 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7965–66 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7970 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—305)                                                                 Page S7961 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:07 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, No-vember 17, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S7970–71.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 26 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3996–4022; and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 93 and H. Res. 524, 525, 527, 528, were 
introduced.                                                             Pages H8239–40 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8241–43 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1211 November 16, 2015 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on November 9, 
2015 as follows: 
H.R. 1737, to nullify certain guidance of the Bu-
reau of Consumer Financial Protection and to pro-vide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending (H. Rept. 114–329). 
Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1210, to amend the Truth in Lending Act 
to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mort-gage loans held on an originating depository institu-tion’s portfolio, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–330); 
H.R. 2912, to establish a commission to examine 
the United States monetary policy, evaluate alter-native monetary regimes, and recommend a course for monetary policy going forward (H. Rept. 114–331); 
H.R. 3189, to amend the Federal Reserve Act to 
establish requirements for policy rules and blackout periods of the Federal Open Market Committee, to establish requirements for certain activities of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to amend title 31, United States Code, to re-form the manner in which the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is audited, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–332, Part 1); 
H.R. 3859, to make technical corrections to the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (H. Rept. 114–333); 
H.R. 3875, to amend the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002 to establish within the Department of Homeland Security a Chemical, Biological, Radio-logical, Nuclear, and Explosives Office, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–334); 
H.R. 2270, to redesignate the Nisqually National 
Wildlife Refuge, located in the State of Washington, as the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, to establish the Medicine Creek Treaty Na-tional Historic Site within the wildlife refuge, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–335); 
H.R. 2360, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to improve the approval of certain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–336); 
H.R. 3032, to amend the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 to repeal a certain reporting requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission (H. Rept. 114–337); 
H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange 
Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes, with an 
amendment (H. Rept. 114–311, Part 2); 
H.R. 1478, to provide for notice to, and input by, 
State insurance commissioners when requiring an in-surance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration places a lien against an insurance company’s assets, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–338); 
H.R. 2243, to suspend the current compensation 
packages for the senior executives of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and establish compensation for such po-sitions in accordance with rates of pay for senior em-ployees in the Executive Branch of the Federal Gov-ernment, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–339, Part 1); and 
H. Res. 526, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1737) to nullify certain guidance of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to pro-vide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau 
with respect to indirect auto lending; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 511) to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–340).
       Pages H8238–39 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Foxx to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H8157 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:15 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3 p.m.                                                           Page H8159 
Suspension—Failed: The House failed to agree to 
suspend the rules and pass the following measure: 
Keep the Promise Act of 2015: H.R. 308, to pro-
hibit gaming activities on certain Indian lands in Arizona until the expiration of certain gaming com-pacts, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 263 yeas to 146 
nays, Roll No. 626.                       Pages H8159–64, H8209–10 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Partners for Aviation Security Act: H.R. 3144, 
amended, to require consultation with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee regarding modifica-tions to the prohibited item list, and require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board; 
                                                                                    Pages H8170–71 
Critical Infrastructure Protection Act: H.R. 
1073, amended, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to secure critical infrastructure against electromagnetic threats;
                                 Pages H8171–74 
Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 
2015: H.R. 1338, amended, to require the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on matters re-lating to the burial of unclaimed remains of veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1212 November 16, 2015 
in national cemeteries, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 
409 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 627; 
                                                                Pages H8174–75, H8210–11 
Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act: 
H.R. 1384, to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of certain persons by honoring them with status as vet-erans under law, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 407 
yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 628; 
                                                                      Pages H8175–76, H8211 
Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care 
Act: S. 599, amended, to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project;
                                                                    Pages H8176–80 
Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015: S. 799, to 
combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neo-natal abstinence syndrome;
                           Pages H8180–82 
Federal Communications Commission Process 
Reform Act of 2015: H.R. 2583, amended, to 
amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for greater transparency and efficiency in the proce-dures followed by the Federal Communications Com-mission;
                                                                  Pages H8182–85 
U.S. Commercial Space Launch Competitiveness 
Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2262, 
to facilitate a pro-growth environment for the devel-oping commercial space industry by encouraging pri-vate sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions;
             Pages H8185–96 
Highway Trust Fund Extension: H.R. 3996, to 
provide and extension of Federal-aid highway, high-way safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund; 
                                                                                    Pages H8213–17 
Policyholder Protection Act of 2015: H.R. 1478, 
amended, to provide for notice to, and input by, State insurance commissioners when requiring an in-surance company to serve as a source of financial strength or when the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration places a lien against an insurance company’s assets;
                                                                       Pages H8217–19 
Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting 
Modernization Act: H.R. 3032, to amend the Secu-
rities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal a certain re-porting requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission;
                                                                Page H8219 
Amending the Commodity Exchange Act and the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions: H.R. 1317, amended, to amend the 
Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to specify how clearing require-
ments apply to certain affiliate transactions; 
                                                                                    Pages H8219–21 
Equity in Government Compensation Act of 
2015: S. 2036, to suspend the current compensation 
packages for the chief executive officers of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac; and
                           Pages H8221–23 
Superstorm Sandy Relief and Disaster Loan 
Program Improvement Act of 2015: Concur in the 
Senate amendments to H.R. 208, to improve the disaster assistance programs of the Small Business Administration.
                                                  Pages H8223–27 
Directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H. Con. Res. 90, directing the Secretary of the Senate to make a technical correction in the enrollment of S. 1356.
                                                                 Pages H8196–H8209 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment 
of silence in memory of the victims of the terrorist attacks in France.
                                                       Page H8210 
Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act: The House agreed to take 
from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 639, to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling rec-ommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing.
                                                   Pages H8212–13 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the marble bust of Vice President Richard Cheney on December 3, 2015: The House agreed to take 
from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 24, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the mar-ble bust of Vice President Richard Cheney on De-cember 3, 2015.
                                                         Page H8213 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to com-memorate the 150th anniversary of the ratifica-tion of the 13th Amendment: The House agreed 
to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 93, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to com-memorate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment.
                                            Page H8213 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1213 November 16, 2015 
Fairness to Veterans for Infrastructure Invest-
ment Act of 2015: H.R. 1694, to amend MAP–21 
to improve contracting opportunities for veteran- owned small business concerns; and
        Pages H8164–69 
Providing funds to the Army Corps of Engineers 
to hire veterans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic pres-ervation activities: H.R. 3114, amended, to provide 
funds to the Army Corps of Engineers to hire vet-erans and members of the Armed Forces to assist the Corps with curation and historic preservation activi-ties.
                                                                           Pages H8169–70 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H8158–59. 
Senate Referrals: S.J. Res. 22 was held at the desk. 
S. 1004 was referred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. S. 2280 was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. S. 1203 was referred to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs, Armed Services, Education and the Workforce, and the Budget.
      Pages H8235–36 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8209–10, H8210, and H8211. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 9:49 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
TRIBAL LABOR SOVEREIGNTY ACT OF 2015; REFORMING CFPB INDIRECT AUTO FINANCING GUIDANCE ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 511, the ‘‘Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indi-rect Auto Financing Guidance Act’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1737. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments to H.R. 1737 printed in the Rules Committee re-port. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all 
points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 511. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consider-ation of the bill. The rule provides that the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopt-ed and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. In section 3, for the purposes of requesting a conference with the Senate, the rule provides that the House has taken S. 1177, the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, from the Speaker’s table, adopts an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of H.R. 5, as passed by the House, and adopts S. 1177, as amended. The rule provides that the chair of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce or his designee is author-ized to move that the House insist on its amend-ment to S. 1177 and request a conference with the Senate thereon. In section 4, the rule provides that in the engrossment of H.R. 3762, the Clerk shall strike title I and redesignate the subsequent titles accordingly. Testimony was heard from Chairman Kline, Chairman Hensarling, and Representatives Scott of Virginia, and Maxine Waters of California. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
NOVEMBER 17, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
Department of Defense reform, focusing on overcoming obstacles to effective management, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine past wildfire seasons to inform and im-prove future Federal wildland fire management strategies, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine phy-
sician owned distributors, focusing on whether they are harmful to patients and payers, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine options for reforming United States overseas broad-casting, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1214 November 16, 2015 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold joint hearings with the House Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency to examine ongoing challenges at the Secret Service and their government-wide implica-tions, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Oversight, 
Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine the relationship between the Federal government and state and local law enforcement, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nomination of Michael Joseph Missal, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-
trol: to hold hearings to examine drug trafficking across 
the Southwest Border and oversight of U.S. counterdrug assistance to Mexico, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Livestock 
and Foreign Agriculture; and the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation of the House Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure, joint hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. International Food Aid Programs: Trans-portation Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Regulation of Diagnostic Tests and Laboratory Operations’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communica-tions Commission’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1321, the 
‘‘Microbead-Free Waters Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3014, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act’’; H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3716, the ‘‘Ensuring Terminated Providers Are Removed from Medicaid and CHIP Act’’; H.R. 3821, the ‘‘Medicaid Directory of Caregivers Act’’; H.J. Res. 71, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emis-sions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; H.J. Res. 72, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; and S. 611, the ‘‘Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Sys-
tems Assistance Act’’, 4 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-
tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Dodd-Frank Five Years Later: What Have We Learned from Conflict Min-erals Reporting?’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Women and Technology: Increasing Oppor-tunity and Driving International Development’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Terrorist Financing: Kidnapping, Antiquities Trafficking, and Private Donations’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia and Emerging 
Threats; and Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Charting the Arctic: Security, Eco-nomic, and Resource Opportunities’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-
portation Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing TSA’s Management and Implementation of the Screening Part-nership Program’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-
titled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Department of Jus-tice’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and 
Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Competi-tion in the Pharmacy Benefits Manager and Pharmacy Marketplaces’’, 3 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Education: Information Security Review’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1210, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; and H.R. 3189, the ‘‘FORM Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Space; and Subcommittee on Environment, joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘Exploring Commercial Opportunities to Maximize Earth Science Investments’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘National Entrepreneurs’ Day’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing on H.R. 1319, the ‘‘Ask Veterans Act’’; H.R. 1603, the ‘‘Military Sexual Assault Victims Empower-ment Act’’; H.R. 1904, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Work-force Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 2639, the ‘‘Marriage and Family Therapists for Veterans Act’’; H.R. 3234, the ‘‘Failing VA Medical Center Recovery Act’’; H.R. 3471, the ‘‘Veterans Mobility Safety Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3549, the ‘‘VA Billing Accountability Act’’; draft of the ‘‘Pro-moting Responsible Opioid Management and Incor-porating Medical Expertise Act’’; and the ‘‘VA Purchased Health Care Streamlining and Modernization Act’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on 
Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Moving America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1215 November 16, 2015 
Families Forward: Lessons Learned from Welfare Reforms 
in Other Countries’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold joint hearings with the House Committee on Homeland Security Sub-committee on Oversight and Management Efficiency to examine ongoing challenges at the Secret Service and their government-wide implications, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of November 17 through November 20, 
2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will 
be in a period of morning business. 
On Wednesday , Senate will vote on the motion to 
invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consider-ation of H.R. 2577, Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2016. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: November 17, to hold hear-
ings to examine Department of Defense reform, focusing on overcoming obstacles to effective management, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
November 18, Subcommittee on SeaPower, to receive 
a closed briefing on undersea critical infrastructure pro-tection, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
November 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nominations of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army, Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary, and Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: No-
vember 18, business meeting to consider S. 571, to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Avia-tion Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, S. 1143, to make the au-thority of States of Washington, Oregon, and California to manage Dungeness crab fishery permanent and for other purposes, S. 1518, to make exclusive the authority of the Federal Government to regulate the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, S. 1685, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to extend to private land use restrictions on its rule relating to reasonable ac-
commodation of amateur service communications, S. 1886, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 and for other purposes, S. 1916, to include skilled nursing facilities as a type of health care provider under section 254(h) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934, S. 2044, to prohibit the use of certain clauses in form contracts that restrict the ability of a consumer to communicate regarding the goods or services offered in interstate commerce that were the sub-ject of the contract, S. 2206, to reduce the incidence of 
sexual harassment and assault at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, to reauthorize the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commis-sioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, and to reauthorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, the nominations of Anthony Rosario Coscia, of New Jersey, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years (Reappointment), and Derek Tai-Ching Kan, of California, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors for a term of five years, and routine lists in the Coast Guard, 11 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: November 
17, to hold hearings to examine past wildfire seasons to inform and improve future Federal wildland fire manage-ment strategies, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
November 19, Full Committee, business meeting to 
consider S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Sys-tem, S. 556, to protect and enhance opportunities for rec-reational hunting, fishing, and shooting, S. 782, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a bison manage-ment plan for Grand Canyon National Park, S. 1583, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, S. 1592, to clarify the description of certain Fed-eral land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include ad-ditional land in the Kaibab National Forest, S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, S. 2046, to authorize the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hy-droelectric project in the State of Alaska, S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land ex-changes in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Or-egon, S. 2083, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, H.R. 373, to direct the Secretary of the Interior and Secretary of Agri-culture to expedite access to certain Federal land under the administrative jurisdiction of each Secretary for good Samaritan search-and-recovery missions, H.R. 1324, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1216 November 16, 2015 
adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Col-
orado, and the nominations of Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geo-logical Survey, Department of the Interior, and Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Sec-retary, John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an Assistant Secretary (Nuclear Energy), and Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, all of De-partment of Energy, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: November 
18, to hold hearings to examine the international climate 
negotiations, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: November 17, to hold hearings to 
examine physician owned distributors, focusing on wheth-er they are harmful to patients and payers, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: November 17, to hold 
hearings to examine options for reforming United States overseas broadcasting, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
November 19, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, 
and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine democratic transitions in southeast Asia, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: No-
vember 17, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Robert McKinnon Califf, of South Carolina, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
November 18, Full Committee, business meeting to 
consider H.R. 2820, to reauthorize the Stem Cell Thera-peutic and Research Act of 2005, S. 1719, to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and the nominations of Victoria A. Lipnic, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2020 (Reappointment), and Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
November 17, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold joint hearings with the House Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency to examine on-going challenges at the Secret Service and their govern-ment-wide implications, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
November 19, Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-
tions, to hold hearings to examine human trafficking, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
November 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine lessons from the Paris terrorist attacks, focusing on ramifications for the homeland and refugee resettlement, 2 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: November 18, business 
meeting to consider S. 817, to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon, and S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical correc-tions; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine S. 410, to strengthen Indian education, S. 1163, to amend the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and reauthorization to ensure the sur-vival and continuing vitality of Native American lan-
guages, and S. 1928, to support the education of Indian children, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Judiciary: November 17, Subcommittee on 
Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine the relationship be-tween the Federal government and state and local law en-forcement, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. 
November 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine National Adoption Month, focusing on stories of success and meeting the challenges of international adop-tions, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
November 19, Full Committee, business meeting to 
consider S. 247, to amend section 349 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States na-tionality, and S. 1318, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for protection of maritime navigation and prevention of nuclear terrorism, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: November 17, to hold 
hearings to examine the nomination of Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Department of Veterans Affairs, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
November 18, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine pending calendar business, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: November 17, to receive 
a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
November 19, Full Committee, to receive a closed 
briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-
trol: November 17, to hold hearings to examine drug traf-
ficking across the Southwest Border and oversight of U.S. counterdrug assistance to Mexico, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House Committees 
Committe on Agriculture, November 18, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: The National Commission on Hunger’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. 
Committee on Armed Services, November 18, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Outside Views on the Strategy for Iraq and Syria’’, 1 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
November 19, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Effects of Reduced Infrastructure and Base Op-erating Support Investments on Readiness’’, 8 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
November 19, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projec-
tion Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Acquisition Efficiency and the Future Navy Force’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
November 19, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and 
Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing the Science and Acceptance of Autonomy for Future Defense Systems’’, 10:30 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget, November 18, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Does Biennial Budgeting Fit in a Re-write of the Budget Process?’’, 9:45 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Energy an Commerce, November 18, Full 
Committee, markup on H.R. 1321, the ‘‘Microbead-Free Waters Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2017, the ‘‘Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3014, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1217 November 16, 2015 
‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act’’; 
H.R. 3537, the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Control Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3716, the ‘‘Ensuring Terminated Providers Are Re-moved from Medicaid and CHIP Act’’; H.R. 3821, the ‘‘Medicaid Directory of Caregivers Act’’; H. J. Res. 71, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; H.J. Res. 72, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Elec-tric Utility Generating Units’’; and S. 611, the ‘‘Grass-roots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assist-ance Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
November 19, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Public Health Prepared-ness for Seasonal Influenza: Has the Response Im-proved?’’, 10 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
November 19, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufac-
turing, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘The Disrupter Series: The Fast-Evolving Uses and Economic Impacts of Drones’’, 10:15 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, November 18, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the SEC’s Agenda, Operations, and FY 2017 Budget Request’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
November 19, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Financial Stability Oversight Council: Due Process and Trans-parency in Non-Bank SIFI Designations’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, November 19, Sub-
committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Chil-dren: Ensuring Administration Action’’, 11 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, November 18, Full 
Committee; and the House Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Rise of Radicalism: Growing Terrorist Sanctuaries and the Threat to the U.S. Homeland’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on the Judiciary, November 19, Subcommittee 
on Immigration and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Syrian Refugee Crisis and Its Impact on the Secu-rity of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, November 18, Full 
Committee, hearing on discussion draft of the ‘‘Protecting America’s Recreation and Conservation Act’’, 10 a.m., 
1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, November 
18, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce Training of the House Committee on Education and the Work-force, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Student Aid: Per-formance-Based Organization Review’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
November 18, Subcommittee on Transportation and 
Public Assets; and Subcommittee on Information Tech-nology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Internet of Cars’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, November 18, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Administration’s Empty Promises for the International Climate Treaty’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
November 18, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Recommendations of the Commission to Review the 
Effectiveness of the National Energy Laboratories’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, November 18, Sub-
committee on Contracting and Workforce, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Continuing Challenges for Small Contractors’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
November 19, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy 
and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Size Standards for Small Farmers and Ranchers’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, November 18, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Choice Consolidation: Assessing VA’s Plan to Improve Care in the Community’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
November 18, Subcommittee on Economic Oppor-
tunity, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining VA’s On-the-Job Training and Apprenticeship Program’’, 2 p.m., 334 Can-non. 
Committee on Ways and Means, November 18, Full Com-
mittee, business meeting to consider changes to the Com-mittee’s rules, 9:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: November 18, to hold hear-
ings to examine millennial voices on advancing the American dream, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
Joint Hearing: November 17, Senate Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Sub-committee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold joint hearings with the House Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficiency to examine ongoing challenges at the Secret Service and their government-wide implica-tions, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1218 November 16, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, November 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: At approximately 10 a.m., Senate 
will observe a moment of silence for the victims of the Paris attacks. Senate will be in a period of morning busi-ness until 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, November 17 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 511— 
Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). Motion to Go to Conference on S. 1177—Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the rules: H. Res. 524— Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Paris, France, on November 13, 2015. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bass, Karen, Calif., E1624 
Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va. E1619 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1627 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1620, E1621 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1623 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1629 Capps, Lois, Calif., E1621 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1627 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1625 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E1617 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1622, E1626, E1628 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1623 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1619, E1620 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E1624 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1628, E1630 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E1618 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E1619 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E1620 Luja´n, Ben Ray, N.M., E1618 
Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E1625 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1625 McNerney, Jerry, Calif., E1624 Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E1628 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E1622, E1623, E1624 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1628, E1629, E1629 Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American 
Samoa, E1623 
Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1629 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1618 
Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1621 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1626 Smith, Jason, Mo., E1622, E1625 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E1619 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1617 
Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1629 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1617, E1627 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1622, E1623 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1618, E1626 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E1627 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1629 Young, David, Iowa, E1630 Young, Todd C., Ind., E1622, E1624, E1626, E1627 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 17, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16NO5.REC D16NOPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST