Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H10693 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2015 No. 185 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of mercy, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House as they depart the Nation’s Cap-ital to return to their homes. May they find rest and renewal during their time with family and friends. 
Bless our Nation as holy days of reli-
gious traditions for so many of our citizens approach and as the year comes to a close. Help us to look to the 
future with hope, committed to a re-newed effort to work together as citi-zens of a united America. 
Help us all to be truly grateful for 
the blessings of this past year. 
As always, we pray that whatever is 
done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Illinois (Ms. K ELLY ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois led the Pledge 
of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.000 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10694 December 18, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CONGRESS MUST STOP THE 
SUFFERING 
(Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, as Americans celebrate Christmas, millions of families will have an empty chair at the table for a relative who is lost in our failed men-tal health system or one of the more than 80,000 mentally ill who died this year. 
They suffer from a brain disease of 
serious mental illness, but they also suffer from Federal policies stopping them from getting treatment: Medicaid rules that say you can’t see two doc-tors on the same day, you can’t go to a psychiatric hospital with more than 16 beds, and perverse priorities of the right to be sick instead of the right to be well. 
Mr. Speaker, this holiday season, let 
us give our families a gift of hope. Members should cosponsor H.R. 2646, the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, and let compassion dictate. We must stop the suffering, stop the congressional delays, and finally take action because where there is no help, there is no hope. 
f 
A YEAR OF ACTION AND 
PROGRESS 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
have spent the past year working with Illinois families to see how we could make this year a year of action and progress for Second District families. Keeping that in mind, I wanted to end this year on a high note by providing a brief snapshot on the state of my dis-trict on the education and economic front. 
This year, I donated over 1,000 books 
to Second District’s school libraries, even as we faced a tough State budget crisis. Illinois students should have the best educational resources possible, and I am working with my community to ensure just that. I also kicked off my ‘‘Robin’s Readers’’ reading chal-lenge. More than 3,000 kids partici-pated, reading over 20,000 books in a 10- week period. 
On the economic front, I held my 
third annual job fair, where I con-nected 500 jobseekers with 70 busi-nesses looking to hire. We also held our second job and resource fair for our youth, as well as a veterans event. 
This is just a sample of the work we 
were able to accomplish, and I look for-ward to continuing our success in the new year. Happy holidays. 
f 
OBAMACARE DESTROYS JOBS 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, last Monday, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office confirmed what we have seen for the last 5 years: ObamaCare destroys jobs. 
Over the next 10 years, ObamaCare is 
expected to significantly reduce Amer-ican work hours, destroying nearly 2 million jobs. The impact will also re-duce America’s workforce by nearly 1 percent. 
The cause is clear. Workers cannot 
afford the excessive mandates and changes in tax rates. ObamaCare not only hurts wallets by increasing pre-miums, but it also hurts workers by de-stroying jobs. Last month, we learned that major insurance companies, like UnitedHealthcare, may not remain in the exchanges because of high costs. Obamacare is unsustainable. 
We have seen time and time again 
how ObamaCare has harmed jobs and families. Its architect, Jonathan Gruber, admitted that it was built on ‘‘the stupidity of the American voter.’’ We must repeal it and replace this bro-ken law with patient-centered solu-tions. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
CONGRATULATING EAST 
NICOLAUS HIGH SCHOOL ON GOING TO THE STATE AA CHAM-PIONSHIP 
(Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to bring to your attention East Nicolaus High School. I suspect all of you are aware of this. I see my col-league from my bordering district, to the north of me, who went to Biggs High School, which was the rival of East Nicolaus High School. 
East Nicolaus High School is going to 
the State AA championships in San Diego. Congratulations to them. 
To all of you, be aware: there are less 
than 250 students in this school, and they are tough. 
f 
TAX RATE EXTENDERS HAVE 
POSITIVE ECONOMIC EFFECTS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Merry Christmas to 
the East Nicolaus Spartans from the Biggs Wolverines. Congratulations this year. Mr. Speaker, the tax credit package 
we have passed will not only lower taxes for families across the Nation, it will spur more investment and growth by small businesses and farms, like in my northern California district. 
For too long, Americans have had to 
wait until the last few days of each year to find out under which laws they will be taxed and at what rates. If the Senate will join us, this package will end that vicious cycle, and Americans can finally make financial decisions with greater stability to plan for the future. 
We have supported education through 
tax credits for students and teachers, and we have increased protections to rein in the IRS. 
Particularly important components 
for the First District are provisions that allow farmers, ranchers, as well as mining operations, timber operators, and construction contractors to make informed decisions about how they can buy new equipment for the coming years and how it will be taxed. 
Families and businesses have been 
asking and begging for us to have the stability and predictability in what their tax rates are going to be. I am very happy that we were able to get this done, and I urge the Senate to also get that done so we can have predict-ability in tax rates and go about our business. 
f 
FUNDING FOR NEUROSCIENCE 
(Mr. FATTAH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Speaker, over 50 
million Americans suffer from a neuro-logical disease or disorder, over 1 bil-lion worldwide. I authored language that created an interagency working group that brought together dozens of federal agencies years ago, and we have laid out a map, a plan, over the last 4 years now including mapping the human brain with the BRAIN Initia-tive and funding a host of specific ef-forts. 
I am so pleased that the bill that we 
will pass today will have a historic level of funding for neuroscience, over $7 billion in efforts at the National In-stitutes of Health, a historic invest-ment at the National Science Founda-tion, and now we have brought to-gether our national labs to create a na-tional brain observatory. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Oklahoma, T
OMCOLE, for working with 
me as the chair of our Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies. And in my role on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Sub-committee, there is so much more for us to do. But I am convinced that if we have the mind to work, we, indeed, can rebuild the walls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.001 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10695 December 18, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE GIRLS VARSITY 
VOLLEYBALL TEAM AT CHER-OKEE TRAIL HIGH SCHOOL IN AURORA, COLORADO, FOR WIN-NING THE 5A STATE CHAMPION-SHIP 
(Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the girls varsity volleyball team of Cherokee Trail High School in Aurora, Colorado, on winning the 2015 Colorado 5A State champion-ship game on November 14, 2015. 
The students and staff who were a 
part of the title-winning Cougar team deserve the utmost respect and com-mendation for winning in what has been a season full of challenges. Fol-lowing the tragic death of one of their players, Celeste James, and a serious injury to another, Amazing Ashby, the Cherokee Trail Cougars showed cour-age in the face of true adversity to complete a title-winning season which honored their teammates. 
These volleyball players were led to 
the championship title through the ex-traordinary leadership of their head coach, Terry Miller, and his hard-working staff. 
It is with great pride that I join all of 
the residents of Aurora, Colorado, in congratulating the Cherokee Trail Cou-gars on their State championship. 
f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Albuquerque, New 
Mexico, January 19, 2013: 
Jael Griego, 5 years old. Angelina Griego, 2 years old. Greenwood, Minnesota, September 17, 
2015: 
Karen Short, 48 years old. Cole Short, 17. Madison Short, 15. 
Brooklyn Short, 14. Bell, Florida, September 18, 2014: Sara Spirit, 28 years old. Kaleb Kuhlmann, 11 years old. Kylie Kuhlmann, 9 years old. Johnathon Kuhlmann, 8. Brandon Stewart, 4. Destiny Stewart, 5. Alanna Stewart, 3 months old. Federal Way, Washington, April 21, 
2013: 
Roland Scobee, 62 years old. Bradley Fischer, 47. Justine Baez, 24. Ceasar A. Valdovinos, 23. Spanish Fork, Utah, January 16, 2014: Marie King, 55 years old. Kelly Boren, 32. Joshua Boren, 7. Haley Boren, 5. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CLINCH 
COUNTY PANTHERS 
(Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to recognize the Clinch County High School football team. Last Friday night, the Clinch County Panthers faced off against the Irwin County Indians for the Georgia Class A Public State Championship. 
Early in the game, both teams were 
well matched, with both scoring touch-downs in the first quarter. However, the Panthers scored a second touch-down early in the second quarter and never looked back. 
In total, the Panthers racked up 292 
rushing yards in the 24–7 win. This was the sixth title in the school’s history and the first since winning it in 2010. 
I commend Coach Dickerson and the 
Clinch County Panthers for a great season. You deserve it. 
f 
REMEMBERING LILLIAN VERNON 
(Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. Mr. Speaker, Lillian Vernon, a woman who personified the 
American Dream and inspired genera-tions of girls and boys, passed away this week. 
Lillian was born Lilli Menasche in 
Leipzig, Germany, in 1927. Her family arrived here in 1937 after fleeing the new Nazi regime. She attended NYU for a couple of years before leaving to get married. And shortly after her nup-tials, the newly pregnant Lillian gath-ered together what little wedding money she had to start a mail order business from her home in Mount Vernon, New York. She took the name Vernon as her own, and the Lillian Vernon Company was born. 
She put an advertisement in ‘‘Seven-
teen’’ magazine for a personalized purse and belt for $5; and within weeks, she had $34,000 dollars in orders. 
By 1970, Lillian Vernon had her first 
million-dollar year. A few decades later, she had nine catalogues, 15 out-let stores, two Web sites, a business-to- business division, and yearly revenue close to $300 million. 
She was a role model for women. She 
started her company when working mothers were often criticized and fe-male entrepreneurs could rarely get credit. But undeterred, she persevered. 
She was also a trailblazer outside the 
business world and was known for her charity and her devotion to so many causes, including her dedication to the Lillian Vernon Foundation, which sup-ports the U.S. Marine Toys for Tots Foundation, Literacy Volunteers of America, and a number of other char-ities. In 2011, Vernon was honored with the Project Sunshine Award for Philan-thropic Leadership and was appointed by President Clinton as chairwoman of the National Women’s Business Council in 1995. 
Above all, she was a mother. She was 
dedicated to her two sons, David and Fred, both of whom worked in the fam-
ily business with her. 
I had the pleasure of meeting Lillian 
throughout the years. And I can say that even a reading of her accolades and accomplishments would fail to give a sense of just how special this wonder-ful woman truly was. 
We have lost a great American, and 
she will be sorely missed. 
f 
b0915 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise for a 
parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida). The gentlewoman 
will state her parliamentary inquiry. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
monwealth of Puerto Rico is facing a dire economic crisis, and our fellow Americans who live there need our help. 
Just now, I introduced the Puerto 
Rico Emergency Financial Stability Act, a bill that provides Puerto Rico some critical, temporary breathing room from creditor lawsuits until Con-gress acts. 
Puerto Rico urgently needs this res-
pite while Congress considers restruc-turing legislation—legislation to pro-vide the 3.5 million U.S. citizens that call Puerto Rico home the tools they need to comprehensively address the territory’s unsustainable debt burden. 
Mr. Speaker, my parliamentary in-
quiry is: Is it in order for this bill to be considered and voted on by this House right now by unanimous consent? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
guidelines consistently issued by suc-cessive Speakers, as recorded in sec-tion 956 of the House Rules and Man-ual, the Chair will not entertain a unanimous consent request for the con-sideration of a measure unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, that only 
adds to the urgency of our acting by March 31, 2016, as the Speaker indi-cated. He also indicated that hearings on this important legislation would begin on our first day back. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to section 2 of House Resolution 566 and clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
Concurring in the Senate amendment 
to H.R. 2029 with the House amendment specified in section 3(a) of House Reso-lution 566; and 
Suspending the rules and passing 
H.R. 2241, if ordered. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.003 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10696 December 18, 2015 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on concurring in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2029) making appro-priations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with the House amendment specified in section 3(a) of House Reso-lution 566, on which the yeas and nays are ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on concurring in the Senate amendment with an amendment. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 316, nays 113, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 705] 
YEAS—316 
Adams 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer 
Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Hahn Hanna Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McGovern McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Mica 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—113 
Abraham Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Becerra Black Blackburn Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Byrne Carney Clawson (FL) Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Gallego Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Griffith Grijalva 
Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hardy Harris Heck (NV) Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lieu, Ted Lofgren Long Lummis Marino Massie McClintock McDermott McKinley Meadows Meehan Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) 
Mulvaney Palmer Perry Pocan Polis Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rothfus Salmon Sanford Schrader Schweikert Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Takano Thompson (MS) Tipton Walker Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wittman Yoho 
Young (IA) Young (IN) 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cuellar 
Fincher Johnson, E. B. 
Kennedy Kildee 
b0949 
Messrs. SAM JOHNSON of Texas and 
SANFORD changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. FUDGE changed her vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the second portion of the divided 
question was adopted. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, De-
cember 18th, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to a death in the family. 
If I had been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 705, on the Motion to Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2029 with House Amendment Number 1—Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. 
Stated against: Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, on December 
18, 2015 I missed a rollcall vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 705 on Amendment No. 1 to the Senate Amendment of H.R. 2029 and providing for appropriations for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2016. 
f 
GLOBAL HEALTH INNOVATION ACT 
OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 2241) to direct the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to Congress a report on the develop-ment and use of global health innova-tions in the programs, projects, and ac-tivities of the Agency, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by the Speaker on Thursday, December 17, 2015: 
H.R. 2297, to prevent Hezbollah and 
associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other in-stitutions, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 2820, to reauthorize the Stem 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 3831, to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to extend the an-nual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage; 
S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Staf-
ford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive cer-tain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.004 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10697 December 18, 2015 
THANK YOU TO STAFF AND JO- 
MARIE ST. MARTIN 
(Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
this has been a busy month for all of us. We have passed more major legisla-tion in a few weeks than we have in a few years. And now I want to thank all of the people who made it possible. I am talking about all the committee staff and all the people behind the scenes here in the Capitol who make this work. Thank you very, very much. 
In particular, Mr. Speaker, this in-
cludes, of course, our legislative coun-sel. I don’t think you could find a group of people more dedicated to their jobs. These people work late nights every night. They work weekends. They are always on call. 
So I want to put into the R
ECORD a 
statement thanking every one of them by name. They were a part of history, and history should know their names. 
I also want to thank one person in 
particular, and that is Jo-Marie St. Martin. Today is Jo-Marie’s last day on the Hill. She has been working for this House for over 20 years, most recently as general counsel and chief of legisla-tive operations for the Speaker. I could not even begin to list everything that she has accomplished. 
We all know her so well. She is a leg-
end in her own right. But as her col-leagues will tell you, what is even more impressive than her career is her char-acter. She is simply unflappable. When everyone else is on edge, she is calm. When they are flustered—and, believe it or not, some people get flustered around here from time to time—she is steady. 
And though other people might like 
to show off their brains and their know-how, she is the definition of kindness, of humility. I have never heard her dismiss a question, no mat-ter how small. She is always eager to help people understand. And her enthu-siasm is nothing short of infectious. You can see it when she walks into a room. She has an effect on people. Ev-eryone feels more at ease. The word that comes to mind is Zen—except, of course, when she is at a Caps game. 
She knows the law backwards and 
forwards because she loves the law. She cares about the law. She cares about this House. For over 20 years, she has done her part to uphold its rights, to make sure that every voice was heard. Everyone here owes her a debt of grati-tude. 
If I could use an old-fashioned word, 
I would say she is a true patriot. We sa-lute her. 
So please join me one last time in 
thanking our friend Jo-Marie St. Mar-tin. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the distin-
guished minority whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of those 
who have been flustered by Jo-Marie. Jo-Marie, as all of you know, has 
been with this institution for over two decades. She started as an intern in the Committee on Rules, unfortunately, because she got to know the rules very, very well. 
And as majority leader for 4 years, as 
Jo-Marie ran the opposition—the con-structive opposition, I will say, the friendly opposition but, nevertheless, the opposition—her intellect, her judg-ment, her tenacity, her focus was al-ways a challenge. But it has always been good for this institution, because she made sure that the minority was heard. Unfortunately, for us, she has also made sure that the majority was loudly heard when the Republicans were in the majority. 
Jo-Marie, as some of you know, is a 
mathematician by training. She is also a lawyer. She is also a scholar. She is also somebody who cares deeply about this institution. 
Jo-Marie is my friend. Now, that does 
not mean that Jo-Marie and I always had an even-keeled relationship. Some-times, as I said, she flustered me and us by her skill and by her devotion and loyalty to the Republican Party. But more than that, as the Speaker has said, she had a loyalty to this institu-tion and to our country. 
Jo-Marie, you have been an extraor-
dinary representative not only of your party, but of this House. You have been an extraordinary friend of mine and so many. 
I know Alexis Covey-Brandt, my 
chief of staff, and you have worked to-gether a lot. Sometimes you agreed, and sometimes you didn’t. Two bril-liant women who cared, however, about this institution and making it work for the people. 
We call this the people’s House. Jo- 
Marie, you have been one who has al-ways kept that uppermost in your mind. We, on this side of the aisle, share a great respect and affection for you, and we wish you the very best. As a young woman, you still have a lot of contributions to make, and we know you will make them. 
We have mixed emotions about your 
leaving. To some degree, frankly, we think we are advantaged by your leav-ing. But as an individual and as some-one who is your dear, dear friend, I will lament your not being on the floor and ever present, for your advice and coun-sel, always honest; sometimes in oppo-sition, but always positive. Thank you for all you have done. 
God bless you. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 4246. An act to exempt for an addi-
tional 4-year period, from the application of the means-test presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and mem-bers of the National Guard who, after Sep-
tember 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has agreed to without amend-ment a joint resolution and a concur-rent resolution of the House of the fol-lowing titles: 
H.J. Res. 76. Joint resolution appointing 
the day for the convening of the second ses-sion of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress. 
H. Con. Res. 102. Concurrent resolution 
providing for a joint session of Congress to receive a message from the President. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2576. An act to modernize the Toxic 
Substances Control Act, and for other pur-poses. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 284. An act to impose sanctions with re-
spect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2261. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the way beneficiaries are assigned under the Medi-care shared savings program by also basing such assignment on services furnished by Federally qualified health centers and rural health clinics. 
f 
b1000 
CONGRATULATING PROSSER AND 
OKANOGAN HIGH SCHOOLS 
(Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today 
I am proud to congratulate two high school football teams that continue to establish central Washington as the football powerhouse of Washington State. 
On December 5, the 13–1 Prosser Mus-
tangs rolled over the Tumwater Thun-derbirds to claim the Washington State 2A high school football championship. Led by a stellar defense, the Mustangs amassed four interceptions for the third time in the playoffs. This is Prosser’s fifth State football cham-pionship. 
Not to be outdone, the also 13–1 
Okanogan High School Bulldogs pulled off an amazing nail-biter win, a win you usually only see in the movies. Rallying from a 27–14 third quarter def-icit, the Bulldogs pulled off a late fourth-quarter touchdown to defeat the Napavine Tigers 36–34. This was Okanogan’s second straight Wash-ington State 2B high school football championship. 
Both teams have proudly represented 
their schools and demonstrated a level of skill, teamwork, and tenacity that will prepare them well for future sea-sons and for future success in life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.006 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10698 December 18, 2015 
Congratulations to both Prosser and 
Okanogan on well-played seasons. 
f 
HONORING OUR MILITARY 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and honor all the brave men and women who have served and are cur-rently serving our country today in the Armed Forces. 
Today over 70,000 servicemembers are 
overseas protecting America and Amer-icans. These men and women sacrifice their lives fighting wars overseas so that the wars don’t come to our shores. This year many American families have endured the tragedies of war through the loss of their family mem-bers. We must never forget their serv-ice. 
As we celebrate this holiday season, 
let us remember all of our military servicemembers and their families as they continue to serve our country and fight for our security and freedoms. Too many American soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, and airwomen will be away from their families at this holi-day season. I would like to express my gratitude for their service and wish them all happy holidays. 
f 
QUESTIONS FOR THE WHITE 
HOUSE 
(Mr. STUTZMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, today 
I rise to warn my colleagues and my constituents about the latest in a string of White House distractions that will not make Americans safer. 
This time the President is reportedly 
planning to unilaterally establish new restrictions on private gun trans-actions, and he may act while Congress is out of session. 
Mr. Speaker, the President knows he 
was elected to lead all Americans, even the ones he disagrees with. Thus, I call on him to answer the questions my House colleagues and I are sending to the White House on Monday: 
First, consider that Washington Post 
fact-checkers have confirmed their agreement with the sad truth that none of the recent months’ and years’ major shootings would have been pre-vented by stricter gun control laws. Why would the President think his pro-posal would be any different? 
Second, if this is good policy, why 
wasn’t it included in the executive ac-tions announced by the President in January 2013? 
Our remaining questions ask whether 
the President relied on appropriate data to choose this executive order and how it would be enforced. 
Mr. Speaker, this kind of secretive, 
unilateral action is not just wrong; it results in bad policy. I call on the 
President to answer our letter as quickly as possible. 
f 
PROUD MEMBER OF THE HOUSE 
OF REPRESENTATIVES 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this is the 
last day of the first session of the 114th Congress. I have served here for 9 years. I am proud to be a Member, and I look forward to continuing to be a Member in the future. 
In the last 2 months of this year, we 
have gotten a lot accomplished by working together. The omnibus and tax extender bills weren’t unanimous, but they got a majority of each caucus. I was proud to support each. We got a transportation and an education bill passed, which was very important. 
This House does work. It worked 
under Speaker R
YAN, working with 
Leader P ELOSI . I thank all of the lead-
ers and all of the people involved in getting these last two bills together and everyone who supported them. 
I also thank the people for allowing 
me to be a Member of this House. I am proud to be a Member of the House of Representatives. 
f 
HUNTINGDON SALVATION ARMY 
FIRE/DONATIONS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the season of giv-ing. Today I rise in recognition of a community in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, which banded together after a fire destroyed the home of a local charity. 
On the evening of December 12, 
flames ripped through the Huntingdon Salvation Army Church, destroying ev-erything inside. Toys and clothes do-nated for the holiday season were left ruined by smoke and water damage. These items would have made the holi-day season a little better for around 300 local families. Meals would have been provided for more than 100. 
Like so many of us know, small 
towns often come together in times of hardship. The people of Huntingdon and the surrounding area have risen to the task. In fact, Salvation Army Church officials say donations in the form of both monetary gifts and sup-plies have been coming in nonstop since last weekend’s fire. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
people of Huntingdon for stepping up to the plate and brightening the holidays for their friends and neighbors. 
f 
RETURN CONFISCATED PROPERTY 
(Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, at 
the height of the cold war, Ethiopia fell to the Communists in 1974. Shortly thereafter, an Ethiopian family—the Berhane family—ended up in Hun-tington Beach, California, and for a long time they have been proud Ameri-cans and good citizens. 
After the Communist regime in Ethi-
opia collapsed in 1991, thanks to Ron-ald Reagan’s global efforts to undue the Communist establishment, the gov-ernment in Ethiopia, which was re-placed in 1991, has refused to return the confiscated property the Communists took from the Berhane family. 
I rise in support of my constituents. 
I ask my fellow colleagues to join me in opposing any aid or activities help-ing the Ethiopian Government until they have returned the property of American citizens confiscated by the Communists. 
It is our job to stand up for American 
citizens, whether they come from Ethi-opia or are born in Brooklyn. They are now proud Americans. We need to stick together and refuse to give support to regimes like Ethiopia that refuse to turn confiscated property. 
f 
EPA SHOULD BE HELD 
ACCOUNTABLE 
(Mr. GIBBS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, recently 
the Government Accountability Office reported findings from their investiga-tion of the EPA regarding their waters of the United States rule that dras-tically increases their authority at the expense of States. The GAO report is plain and simple: The EPA broke the law. 
By using social media tactics the 
GAO called ‘‘covert propaganda,’’ the EPA undermined the integrity of the rulemaking process and violated the trust of the American people. They conspired to influence and skew the public comments during the open rule-making process to promote and justify an agenda that the majority of the States oppose and have sued to stop. 
The EPA should be held accountable 
for their unlawful actions, and the peo-ple responsible should be dismissed and prosecuted. 
f 
ARCHAEOLOGICAL DISCOVERY— 
CITY OF DAVID, JERUSALEM 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
for quite some time there has been an effort at the U.N. to delegitimize the Jewish State of Israel and to try to whitewash the Jewish people’s histor-ical and biblical connection to Israel. 
Denying the historical connection of 
the people to Jerusalem is false, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.007 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10699 December 18, 2015 
amazing archaeological discoveries are 
frequently made that prove the roots of the Jewish people are in Israel. 
Earlier this month a Hebrew Univer-
sity archaeological team unearthed an unprecedented impression of a royal seal of King Hezekiah from the First Temple period. This marks the first time that a seal impression of an Israelite or Judean king has ever been discovered, and it proves that not only is Israel the religious center for Jews, but it is their ancestral and historic homeland. 
I want to thank the Ir David Founda-
tion’s Director of International Affairs, Ze’ev Orenstein, for sharing this and many other amazing discoveries with me. I look forward to visiting the city of David in the near future to see first-hand the rich history of the Jewish people. 
f 
b1015 
REFLECTIONS ON LEGISLATIVE 
ACTIVITY OF 2015 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, it is hard 
to believe that my first year in Con-gress has gone by so quickly. 2016 is just around the corner, and 1 year ago the folks of the 12th District of Georgia gave me the greatest honor of my life. 
This year, the House took steps to 
strengthen our national security, re-peal regulatory overreach, and restore local control. 
With my support, Congress passed 
and the President signed legislation that reformed our education system, repealed the sustainable growth rate formula, and provided critical funding for our troops. 
The House passed key homeland se-
curity legislation to establish a robust vetting system for refugees and re-formed the Visa Waiver Program to en-sure the safety of the American people. 
Going into 2016, it is my hope that we 
can scale back the presence of Wash-ington even more by gutting ObamaCare and providing relief for the American people from more burden-some EPA regulations. 
When I came to Congress, national 
security, job growth, and the economy were my main priorities. I will head into 2016 with the same goals of cre-ating jobs, growing this economy, and keeping the American people safe. 
It has been an honor to serve the 
folks of the 12th District of Georgia. I wish you all a Merry Christmas and a safe and prosperous New Year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE AND 
SACRIFICE OF THE UNITED STATES MILITARY 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, my 
first task, a wonderful task, is to wish all the men and women of the United 
States military a happy holiday. For your unselfishness in putting on the uniform, without question, standing in the gap, protecting the American peo-ple, we thank you, we thank your fami-lies, and we are greatly appreciative. 
We ask you to be safe during this hol-
iday season as you put yourself on the front lines of defense. 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THE UNITED  
STATES CAPITOL POLICE AND PRIVATE FIRST  
CLASS THOMAS WISSEMAN  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me also rise 
today, Mr. Speaker, to thank the United States Capitol Police, founded in 1828. We know how vital they were during the tragedy, horrific incident of 9/11, and, certainly, in 1998. 
I come in contact with them every 
day, but I rise today to particularly thank an officer and a gentleman. Over the years, after initially greeting each other every day, the greeting became a genuine friendship of respect and kind-ness, and even a joke or two. 
I am honored today to recognize one 
of our first responders, Capitol Police Private First Class Tommy Wisseman. Officer Wisseman exemplifies a model officer who takes his job very seri-ously, but finds the time to get to know Members of Congress on a more personal level. 
Officer Wisseman has given the Cap-
itol Police 29 years of service, all 29 at the Capitol building. He has worked every Presidential inauguration since 1989; was the lead officer for the con-struction of the Capitol Visitor Center; one of the head trainers for the Capitol Visitor Center officers; received mul-tiple awards and citations. 
He is the father of four daughters, 
and married to a lovely wife, who is with the Capitol Police. 
Let me thank him and salute him as 
I salute all of the police. 
Mr. Speaker, since 1828, the United States 
Capitol Police have provided protection for our Congress, ensuring a safe and open environ-ment to facilitate the legislative process and the security of Congressional Members, staff and employees, and visitors and members of the public. This protection was magnified in 1998 when a shooter entered the Capitol kill-ing Officer Gibson and Officer Chestnut who was protecting Majority Whip Tom DeLay and also in 2001 during the 9–11 attacks when our men and women in uniform literally moved our leadership and Members of Congress to safe havens away from the Capitol. We are grateful to all of them and the more than 2000 sworn and civilian employees who serve and protect the Congress. 
As Members of Congress, we come in con-
tact with Capitol Police every day and in the course of our days on this campus and years in Congress we get to know many of them on a first name basis. That is the case with an of-ficer and a gentleman I have gotten to know and which started initially from just a simple greeting to each other. Over the years that ini-tial greeting has evolved into a genuine friend-ship of respect and kindness and even a joke or two. I am honored today to recognize one of our first responders, Capitol Police, Private First Class Thomas Wisseman. Officer Wisseman exemplifies a model officer who 
takes his job very seriously, but finds the time to get to know Members of Congress on a more personal level. 
Officer Wisseman has given the Capitol Po-
lice 29 years of service—all 29 at the Capitol Building. He has worked every Presidential In-augural since 1989, was the lead officer for the construction of the Capitol Visitors Center, one of the head trainers for Capitol Visitor Center officers, and has received multiple awards and citations for his leadership and tenure of service. He is the proud father of four daughters and is married to his lovely wife Amber who is also a Capitol Police officer here at the Capitol. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to recognize 
our first responders and men and women in uniform today. Officer Wissemann is an exam-ple of the dedicated men and women in uni-form. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KATKO ). The Chair will recognize Mem-
bers for Special Order speeches without prejudice to the possible resumption of legislative business. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE 
OF MRS. REVA MAE JENNINGS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. W
OODALL ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the time. 
At 1:00 today, back home in Georgia, 
we are going to lay to rest Reva Mae Jennings. 
Reva Jennings is an institution in 
my part of the world, Mr. Speaker. This photo here, you can see, is in the midst of a parade. She helped to found the Republican Party in Forsyth Coun-ty back when it could meet in a tele-phone booth. She used to say that she never minded being the only one who was right in a room. 
From the moment I decided to pursue 
this position, Mr. Speaker, Reva has been a fixture by my side. She passed away a week ago in a traffic accident. 
She graduated from the University of 
North Carolina, Mr. Speaker. And even though she was passionate about Geor-gia, she was passionate about her Tar Heels. If I had a Tar Heel blue suit, I would have worn it down here to the floor today in tribute to her. 
She defined her life by passion, Mr. 
Speaker. She has had every leadership position you can imagine in the Repub-lican Party in our part of the world; president of the Georgia Federation of Republican Women, Mr. Speaker. She earned the title of Republican Woman of the Year. She traveled as a delegate from Georgia to the Republican Na-tional Convention. 
She believed in our community. She 
believed in our party. She believed in America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.008 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10700 December 18, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I came to know Reva 
through her political activities, but they did not define her. Passion defined her, and there is nothing that she was more passionate about than her family. 
The wife of Dr. Bruce Jennings, Mr. 
Speaker, who passed away far too soon, the mother of three, the grandmother of her beloved grand twins. 
Mr. Speaker, the entire community 
is gathering this afternoon to say good-bye. It seems so cliche to talk about folks who are irreplaceable, but Reva truly is. 
You can’t put a marker on commit-
ment, Mr. Speaker. There was never a responsibility, never a responsibility in the community that Reva didn’t step up and say: Pick me. It characterized the community. 
As Forsyth County became one of the 
fastest growing counties in the Nation, Mr. Speaker, her commitment was con-tagious. 
When car accidents take our loved 
ones, Mr. Speaker, it happens when you least expect it. No one was prepared to say goodbye to Reva. No one had said all the things that they had to say to Reva. 
But she used to pull me aside and 
take a picture out of her wallet, show me that beloved dentist that she mar-ried back during the Vietnam War. It was a picture they had taken in Ha-waii, as I recall. 
I never remember her dating. She 
never remarried. She said: ‘‘R
OB, I got 
it right the first time.’’ 
As the entire community is strug-
gling with Reva’s loss, this is the image that I am left with, Mr. Speaker. She has waited decade upon decade to be united with her beloved husband, Bruce, and today, Mr. Speaker, we lay her to rest so that they can be together with their Maker once again. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I offer my 
heartfelt condolences to the Jennings family. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
OUR JUDEO-CHRISTIAN HERITAGE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for the re-
mainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, this 
will be the last session before we enter Christmas. And, Mr. Speaker, I have noted from a couple of articles that have been in the news this week, this one from December 17, a story from Minnesota, the title: ‘‘Parents Ques-tion Choice to Sing ‘Allahu Akbar’ at Holiday Concert.’’ 
It is intriguing that, in an age when 
groups are attacking our Judeo-Chris-tian heritage, trying to rewrite our his-tory, trying to prevent any mention of our Christian heritage—I am looking at the full face of Moses directly above me in front of me because we have, in this Chamber, profiles of people who were considered to be the greatest law-givers of all time. And until recent 
years, Moses was considered the great-est lawgiver of all time. The Founders believed that. 
The Supreme Court now has rel-
egated Moses to the ash heap of his-tory. His revelation that he said came from God, that a man shall leave his father and mother, a woman leave their home, the two shall become one flesh. Jesus doubled down on that. He said not only is that what marriage is, what God joined together, let nobody pull apart. 
So we have relegated Moses to the 
ash heap. We have had the Supreme Court, for years now, saying, first, you can’t have prayer in public, even though the Founders started each day of the Continental Congress with pray-er; and although the Constitutional Convention didn’t start each day with prayer, when they hit a brick wall and could go no further, Benjamin Franklin made his powerful speech about how they had begun each day with prayer, as he said, his exact words: ‘‘In the be-ginning contest with Great Britain, when we were sensible of danger, we had daily prayer in this room. Our prayers, sir, were heard and they were graciously answered.’’ 
He went on to say: ‘‘If a sparrow can-
not fall to the ground without His no-tice, is it probable an empire could rise without His aid? We have been assured, sir, in the sacred writing, that ‘except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it.’’’ 
He said: I also firmly believe that 
without His—God’s—concurring aid, we will succeed in our political building no better, than the Builders of Babel: We will be confounded by our local par-tial interests and we, ourselves, shall be bye words through time. 
So I know our heritage. They didn’t 
have money to pay for a chaplain that they could all agree on to do the prayer every day. He pointed out in the debate that we agreed on a chaplain. We didn’t agree on any specific person here to do the prayer for all the different denomi-nations. But we don’t have a treasurer. We don’t have money. We can’t hire a chaplain. 
And that is when Randolph made his 
motion. Okay, basically, they had hit a brick wall. They were making no progress. As Franklin had said, we have more noes than ayes on virtually every vote. 
So he moved that they recess—here 
it was the end of June—they recess and reconvene to celebrate the country’s birthday in early July, and worship to-
gether. So they did. That one passed. They reconvened to worship God at the Reformed Calvinistic Church there in Philadelphia. 
You can go online, Mr. Speaker, and 
find what is reported to be the prayer that he gave. It had a powerful influ-ence. And when they reconvened, there was a new spirit. They were able to come together and end up arriving at the Great Compromise. 
Founder after Founder, including 
Washington himself, pointed out that clearly God’s hand was upon them in 
the preparation of the Constitution, and then, ultimately, resulting in the Bill of Rights. 
b1030 
The first right within the Bill of 
Rights was basically to make clear that government would never interfere with religion. 
Basically, we have come to a place 
after all these years where the United States Supreme Court has said not only can you not have the Judeo-Chris-tian God as part of any government— the same God that the Founders were giving credit to and praying to—but now this year the Supreme Court took the ultimate step of saying: Forget Moses. Forget Jesus. We are the new God and here is what we pronounce in place of Moses and Jesus and our founding principles. So this is a big year. 
I know the President says we are not 
a Christian nation, and I won’t argue that point with him. I won’t debate him. I think he is right. I know where we started, and I know every time, ac-cording to my staff, I mention God here where—in this Capitol, God’s name has been invoked from the very beginning of this Capitol and before this Capitol and when it was in Phila-delphia and when the first Congress was sworn in and President George Washington was sworn in at Federal Hall in New York City. It was his idea to bring his Bible and put his hand on the Bible, his idea to add the words ‘‘so help me God.’’ 
It was all their idea that the first 
thing they would do as a Congress to-gether, after being sworn in, was to walk down, basically, Wall Street to St. Paul’s Chapel there in New York and dedicate this country there in 1789 to God Almighty. 
I won’t debate the President saying 
we are not a Christian nation, but the Bible has been quoted over our history in this Chamber more than any other book as a reason for or against legisla-tion passing. It is a part of our herit-age, to a much lesser extent in more recent years, as the Supreme Court—at least the five majority in the Supreme Court becoming our God instead of the God that was acknowledged by Ben Franklin, George Washington, basi-cally every President. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a job to rep-
resent our constituents. We have an oath to the Constitution. I know we take that seriously. Part of our job in representing our constituents is to edu-cate people on the issues and what has been important and what has been our strength, what has been our weak-nesses. If you don’t know our history, then, as the saying goes, those who refuse to learn from history are des-tined to repeat it. It is important to know history. 
It is important to note the official 
words of the United States’ highest magistrate, our President. Jefferson was asked once as he rode his horse 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.010 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10701 December 18, 2015 
down Pennsylvania Avenue on a Sun-
day morning—he had a big Bible in his hand, it was reported. I have had this verified by the Congressional Research Service. 
When Jefferson was President for 
those 8 years, when he was in Wash-ington, not only did he condone the church service, the largest Christian church service in Washington that oc-curred just down the hall, but he par-ticipated. He would even have the Ma-rine Band come and play the hymns on many occasions for the Christian church service. 
As he rode down this one occasion, he 
was asked, ‘‘Mr. President, where are you going?’’ 
He said, ‘‘I am going to church up in 
the Capitol.’’ 
The statement was made, ‘‘Mr. Presi-
dent, you don’t believe everything they do.’’ 
Because he had questions about some 
of the miracles reported in the Bible. 
But it was reported that his response 
was, ‘‘Sir, I am the highest elected magistrate in this country. It is imper-ative that I set the proper example.’’ 
Now, I asked the Congressional Re-
search Service is it true what has been attributed to the person people claim to be the father of the Constitution, James Madison, that when he was President for his 8 years, that he also condoned and participated in church services just down the hall here every Sunday he was in Washington? 
The Congressional Research Service, 
a bipartisan, nonpartisan service, re-ported, yes, but he was different from Jefferson. Jefferson normally rode a horse down Pennsylvania Avenue whereas Madison would normally come to church up here in the Capitol in a coach drawn by horses rather than on horseback. 
So, Mr. Speaker, as we take the tra-
ditional Christmas recess, no matter what your religious preference is or no preference at all, it is a fact this is a Christmas recess. 
Although this was not a statement at 
Christmastime, the commander of our military in 1778, George Washington, made this order as commander of our military. Some say this is really the reason God blessed their efforts, is be-cause of their commitment and dedica-tion. This is an order of George Wash-ington to the troops at Valley Forge. This is George Washington’s order, Mr. Speaker. I will read it verbatim: 
The Commander in Chief directs that di-
vine service be performed every Sunday at eleven o’clock in each brigade which has chaplains. Those brigades which have none will attend the places of worship nearest to them. It is expected that officers of all ranks will, by their attendance, set an example for their men. While we are zealously per-forming the duties of good citizens and sol-diers, we certainly ought not to be inatten-tive to the higher duties of religion. To the distinguished character of patriot, it should be our highest glory to laud the more distin-guished character of Christian. 
Those are George Washington’s words 
as commander of our military. Well, John Adams, without whom it 
is unlikely we would have arrived at the place we did with the Declaration— he is the one that directed Thomas Jef-ferson to do the first draft of the Dec-laration of Independence. He was crit-ical in holding things together. Even though he only won one term as Presi-dent, he was Vice President for two terms. He was very important in arriv-ing at our Constitution. 
John Adams on October 11, 1798, said 
this to the First Brigade, Third Divi-sion, of Militia of Massachusetts: 
We have no government armed with power 
capable of contending with human passions, unbridled by morality and religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry would break the strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious peo-ple. It is wholly inadequate to the govern-ment of any other. 
This is from a Founder that knew 
how the Constitution was forged, made a difference in our country’s beginning. He says our Constitution is not fit as a governing document for any but a moral and religious people. So over the years we have been taken down the road away from being a moral and reli-gious people. 
Franklin Roosevelt started many so-
cial programs. He made a lot of deci-sions, I think, that were dramatic mis-takes. The man deserves credit for leading this Nation through a time of war, mistakes being made. 
He got us through a war and helped 
with Winston Churchill and other lead-ers to keep freedom alive so that it would be present in our lifetime, even as we see our freedoms being taken by government the further we go along. 
Exactly 2 weeks after the surprise at-
tack at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, a day he said in this very Cham-ber from right up here at this level—he had a marble podium and not this wooden one—but he said that was a day that would live in infamy. 
Exactly 2 weeks later, December 21, 
1941, this was Franklin Roosevelt’s message to our Nation: 
Sincere and faithful men and women are 
asking themselves this Christmas: How can we light our trees? How can we give our gifts? How can we meet and worship with love and with uplifted spirit and heart in a world at war, a world of fighting and suf-fering, and death? How can we pause even for a day, even for Christmas day, in our urgent labor of arming a decent humanity against the enemies which beset it? 
Parenthetically, Mr. Speaker, he 
didn’t mean holiday. He meant what he said, Christmas day. 
Roosevelt goes on: 
How can we, as men and women, put the 
world aside in peaceful years to rejoice in the birth of Christ? Looking into the days to come, I have set aside a day of prayer and in that proclamation I have said: The year 1941 has brought upon our Nation a war of aggres-sion by powers dominated by arrogant rulers whose selfish purpose is to destroy free insti-tutions. They would thereby take from the freedom-loving peoples of the Earth the hard-won liberties gained over many cen-turies. The new year of 1942 calls for the courage. Our strength, as the strength of all 
men everywhere, is of greater avail as God upholds us. Therefore, I do hereby appoint the first day of the year 1942 as a day of prayer, of asking forgiveness for our short-comings of the past, of consecrations to the task of the present and of asking God’s help in days to come. We need His guidance that this people may be humble in spirit, but strong in the conviction of the right, stead-fast to endure sacrifice, and brave to achieve a victory of liberty and peace. 
Franklin Roosevelt says our strong-
est weapon in this war is that convic-tion of the dignity and brotherhood of man which Christmas day signifies against enemies who preach the prin-ciples of hate and practice them. We set our fate in human love and in God’s care for us in all men everywhere. 
A year later, on Christmas Eve, 
Franklin Roosevelt said: 
To you who serve in uniform, I also send a 
message of cheer that you are in the thoughts of your families and friends at home and that Christmas prayers follow you wherever you may be. To all Americans, I say that loving our neighbor as we love our-selves is not enough, that we, as a Nation and as individuals, will please God best by showing regard for the laws of God. There is no better way of fostering goodwill toward men than by first fostering goodwill toward God. 
b1045 
Then Franklin Roosevelt basically 
takes a quote from John 14:15 in say-ing: 
‘‘If we love Him, we will keep His 
Commandments. 
‘‘In sending Christmas greetings to 
the Armed Forces and merchant sailors of the United Nations, we include therein our pride in their bravery on the fighting fronts and on all the seas. 
‘‘It is significant that tomorrow— 
Christmas Day—our plants and fac-tories will be stilled. This is not true of the other holidays we have long been accustomed to celebrate. On all other holidays work goes on—gladly—for the winning of the war. So Christmas be-comes the only holiday in all the year. 
‘‘I like to think that this is so be-
cause Christmas is a holy day. May all it stands for live and grow throughout the years.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, 5 years later ex-
actly, Harry Truman nationally broad-cast this address at the lighting of the National—not holiday tree but Christ-mas Tree—on the White House lawn. Again, Mr. Speaker, just as those who failed to learn from the mistakes of history are destined to repeat them, we can avoid the mistakes by looking at what strengthened America and what caused God to bless America. 
We won a war against evil fascism 
that is raising its head yet again. Just as Hitler colluded with radical Islam, agreed with some of his fascist ideas against Jews, against Christians, there is so much ignorance. Some people try to say Hitler was a Christian. It is the farthest thing from it. 
These are Harry Truman’s words, De-
cember 1947 on Christmas Eve: 
‘‘My fellow countrymen: We are met 
on the South Lawn of the White House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.011 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10702 December 18, 2015 
Above the barren treetops rises the 
towering shaft of the Washington Monument. The scene is peaceful and tranquil. The shadows deepen, and the holy night falls gently over the Na-tional Capital, as we gather around our Christmas tree. 
‘‘Down the ages, from the first 
Christmas through all the years of 19 centuries, mankind, in its weary pil-grimage through a changing world, has been cheered and strengthened by the message of Christmas. 
‘‘The angels sang for joy at the first 
Christmas in a faraway Bethlehem. Their song has echoed through the cor-ridors of time and will continue to sus-tain the heart of man through eternity. 
‘‘Let us not forget that the first 
Christmas was a homeless one. A hum-ble man and woman had gone up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, to Bethlehem. There is a sense of desola-tion in St. Luke’s brief chronicle that Mary ‘brought forth her firstborn son, wrapped Him in swaddling clothes, and laid Him in a manger because there was no room for them in the inn.’ 
‘‘For many of our brethren in Europe 
and Asia, this too will be a homeless Christmas. There can be little happi-ness for those who will keep another Christmas in poverty and exile and in separation from their loved ones. 
‘‘As we prepare to celebrate our 
Christmas this year in a land of plenty, we would be heartless, indeed, if we were indifferent to the plight of less fortunate peoples overseas. 
‘‘We must not forget that our Revo-
lutionary fathers also knew a Christ-mas of suffering and desolation. Wash-ington wrote from Valley Forge 2 days before Christmas in 1777: ‘We have this day no less than 2,873 men in camp unfit for duty because they are bare-footed and otherwise naked.’ 
‘‘We can be thankful that our people 
have risen today, as did our forefathers in Washington’s time, to our obligation and our opportunity. 
‘‘At this point in the world’s history, 
the words of St. Paul have greater sig-nificance than ever before. He said, ‘And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.’ 
‘‘Let us then put our trust in the un-
erring star which guided the Wise Men to the manger of Bethlehem. Let us hearken again to the angel choir sing-ing, ‘Glory to God in the highest, and on Earth peace, goodwill toward men.’ 
‘‘With hope for the future and with 
faith in God, I wish all my countrymen a very Merry Christmas.’’ 
A year later, Harry Truman, as Presi-
dent of the United States, officially said: 
‘‘For of all the days of the year, 
Christmas is the family day. Christmas began that way. 
‘‘The moving event of the first 
Christmas was the bringing forth of the first born in the stable in Bethlehem. There began, in humble surroundings, the home life of the Holy Family, glo-rified in song and story and in the hearts of men down through the cen-
turies. The great joys and mysteries of that event have forever sanctified and enriched all home life. 
‘‘The hallowed associations of Christ-
mas draw all hearts toward home. With one accord, we receive with joy and reverence the message of the first Christmas: ‘Glory to God in the high-est, and on Earth peace, goodwill to men.’ 
‘‘What could be more appropriate 
than for all of us to dedicate ourselves to the cause of peace on this holy night. As a Nation, we have a history of little more than a century and a half. But the religion which came to the world, heralded by the song of the angels, has endured for 19 centuries. It will continue to endure. It remains today the world’s best hope for peace if the world will accept its fundamental teaching: that all men are brothers.’’ 
Then he quotes from Scripture: ‘‘God that made the world and all 
things therein hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the Earth.’’ 
Then Truman says: ‘‘In the spirit of 
that message from the Acts of the Apostles, I wish all of you a Merry Christmas.’’ 
I know, Mr. Speaker, there are people 
that go nuts when we talk about these official pronouncements by govern-ment officials as part of their govern-ment duty, but it is part of our history. 
For those who go ballistic when this 
part of our history, that led us to being the greatest nation in the history of the world—more assets for individuals; a country where the number one health problem for the Nation’s poor is obe-sity; a country where we have sac-rificed our greatest treasure, American lives, for other people’s freedom with-out a demand for imperialism, without a demand that they convert to our gov-ernment’s leadership—that is why they speak French in France, Japanese in Japan, and German in Germany. 
Dwight Eisenhower, who knew some-
thing about fighting, said this 7 years after the last statement I read from Harry Truman. This was his official pronouncement. President Eisenhower said: 
‘‘This evening’s ceremony here at the 
White House is one of many thousands in America’s traditional celebration of the birth, almost 2,000 years ago, of the Prince of Peace. 
‘‘For us, this Christmas is truly a 
sense of goodwill—and our first peace-ful one since 1949. Our hopes are bright, even though the world still stands di-vided in two antagonistic parts. 
‘‘More precisely than in any other 
way, prayer places freedom and com-munism in opposition, one to the other. The Communist can find no re-serve of strength in prayer because his doctrine of materialism and statism denies the dignity of man and, con-sequently, the existence of God. 
‘‘But in America, George Washington 
long ago rejected exclusive dependence upon mere materialistic values. In the bitter and critical winter at Valley 
Forge, when the cause of liberty was so near defeat, his recourse was sincere and earnest prayer. From it, he re-ceived new hope and new strength of purpose out of which grew the freedom in which we celebrate this Christmas season. 
‘‘As religious faith is the foundation 
of free government, so is prayer an in-dispensable part of that faith. 
‘‘Would it not be fitting for each of 
us to speak in prayer to the Father of all men and women on this Earth, of whatever nation, and of every race and creed—to ask that He—God—help us and teach us and strengthen us and re-ceive our thanks? 
‘‘Should we not pray that He help 
us?’’ 
He always capitalized ‘‘He’’ when he 
spoke of God. 
‘‘Should we not pray that He receive 
our thanks? For certainly, we are grateful for the opportunity given us to use our strength and our faith to meet the problems of this hour. And on this Christmas Eve, all hearts in America are filled with special thanks to God that the blood of those we love no longer spills on battlefields abroad. May He—God—receive the thanks of each of us for this, His greatest boun-ty—and our supplication that peace on Earth may live with us, always.’’ 
So the leader of our fight against fas-
cism, world domination of hate in World War II, Dwight Eisenhower, made those rather profound words. 
But, Mr. Speaker, we see through our 
history when our Nation was deeply troubled—whether it was Washington, whether it was Lincoln, whether it was Franklin Roosevelt in World War II, Eisenhower in the Korean war, Ken-nedy during Vietnam—all of our Presi-dents have known up to this point that our greatest hope comes through pray-er to God. 
I am not speaking these words and 
reading our historic statements by 
Presidents—by our leaders—to try to convert anybody, but just so our his-tory is understood, as our way con-tinues to grow darker, critical violence is escalating again, racial divides are growing deeper when I thought we had—we have—we have come so far. We need to turn, according to our former leaders, historically—what they said is: Turn to God. 
This is not to convert anybody. It is 
simply so that this record of where Presidents, leaders, and Americans used to turn be part of the R
ECORD  
today. 
So John Kennedy’s words, as Presi-
dent, December 17, 1962—at this time, there were only advisers in Vietnam— at the official lighting of the National Christmas Tree. It was still a Christ-mas tree for John Kennedy: 
‘‘With the lighting of this tree, which 
is an old ceremony in Washington and one which has been among the most important responsibilities of a good many Presidents of the United States, we initiate, in a formal way, the Christmas season. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.013 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10703 December 18, 2015 
‘‘We mark the festival of Christmas, 
which is the most sacred and hopeful day in our civilization. For nearly 2,000 years, the message of Christmas, the message of peace and goodwill towards all men, has been the guiding star of our endeavors. 
‘‘I had a meeting which included 
some of our representatives from far- off countries in Africa and Asia. They were returning to their posts for the Christmas holidays. 
b1100 
‘‘Talking with them afterwards, I 
was struck by the fact that in the far off continents Moslems, Hindus, Bud-dhists, as well as Christians, paused from their labors on the 25th day of De-cember to celebrate the birthday of the Prince of Peace. There could be no more striking proof that Christmas is truly the universal holiday of all men. It is the day when all of us dedicate our thoughts to others; when all are re-minded that mercy and compassion are the enduring virtues; when all show, by small deeds and large and by acts, that it is more blessed to give than to re-ceive. 
‘‘It is the day when we remind our-
selves that man can and must live in peace with his neighbors and that it is the peacemakers who are truly blessed. In this year of 1962 we greet each other at Christmas with some special sense of the blessings of peace. This has been a year of peril when the peace has been sorely threatened. But it has been a year when peril was faced and when reason ruled. As a result, we may talk, at this Christmas, just a little bit more confidently of peace on Earth, good will to men. As a result, the hopes of the American people are perhaps a lit-tle higher. We have much yet to do. We still need to ask that God bless every-one.’’ 
Of course, each President has made 
pronouncements of a similar nature various times. 
This was Jimmy Carter, President 
Carter, December 15, 1977, at what he described as the Christmas Pageant of Peace Ceremony on the White House Ellipse: 
‘‘Christmas has a special meaning for 
those of us who are Christians, those of us who believe in Christ, those of us who know that almost 2,000 years ago, the Son of Peace was born to give us a vision of perfection, a vision of humil-ity, a vision of unselfishness, a vision of compassion, a vision of love.’’ 
President Carter in 1978 said: ‘‘Rosalyn and I send our warmest 
wishes to our fellow citizens who cele-brate the birth of Christ and who re-joice with us in the coming of the peace He symbolizes. 
‘‘We welcome this opportunity to 
offer our thanks to those who have given us their encouragement and prayers. 
‘‘We also join in this season’s tradi-
tional expression of appreciation to God for His blessings in the past year, and we ask for His continuing guidance and protection as we face the chal-
lenges of 1979.’’ 
President George W. Bush, President 
Clinton, President George W. Bush, and President Obama have delivered Christmas messages, and President Obama his holiday messages. 
I would like to conclude at this time 
with President Reagan’s message, as he says on the observance of Christmas, December 19, 1988, his last Christmas message as President: 
‘‘The themes of Christmas and of 
coming home for the holidays have long been intertwined in song and story. There is a profound irony and lesson in this, because Christmas cele-brates the coming of a savior who was born without a home. 
‘‘There was no room at the inn for 
the Holy Family. Weary of travel, a young Mary close to childbirth and her carpenter husband Joseph found but the rude shelter of a stable. There was born the King of Kings, the Prince of Peace—an event on which all history would turn. Jesus would again be with-
out a home, and more than once; on the flight to Egypt and during His pub-lic ministry, when he said, ‘The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the son of man hath no-where to lay his head.’ 
‘‘From His very infancy, on, our Re-
deemer was reminding us that from then on we would never lack a home in Him. Like the shepherds whom the angel of the Lord appeared on the first Christmas Day, we could always say: ‘Let us now go even unto Bethlehem, and see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known to us.’ 
‘‘As we come home with gladness to 
family and friends this Christmas, let us also remember our neighbors who cannot go home themselves. Our com-passion and concern this Christmas and all year long will mean much to the hospitalized, the homeless, the con-valescent, the orphaned—and will sure-ly lead us on our way to the joy and peace of Bethlehem and the Christ child who bids us come. For it is only in finding and living the internal meaning of the nativity that we can be truly happy, truly at peace, truly home.’’ 
He concludes, as I will—President 
Reagan: 
‘‘Merry Christmas, and God bless 
you.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PAYING DOWN THE DEBT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. P
RICE) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I thank 
the Speaker for the recognition and the opportunity to address the House on this the final hour of the final day of the final week of the final month of this year in Congress. 
It has been a remarkable year. The 
Congress—the House especially—has seen some remarkable changes. I would 
like to share with you a little perspec-tive on where we find ourselves now from a budgetary standpoint. 
For the last year, I have had the 
privilege of chairing the Budget Com-mittee in the House of Representatives. That is the committee that deals with all of the spending that occurs in our Nation from the Federal Government standpoint. 
I would like to start by saying: What 
is it defining the goal that we have at the Budget Committee and in the Re-publican Conference here in the House of Representatives? 
That goal is broadly to create the 
greatest amount of opportunity and the greatest amount of success for the greatest number of people so that the greatest number of American Dreams can be realized in a fair and a compas-sionate system. 
That is kind of the 60,000-foot view 
that we have here in the House of Rep-resentatives at the Budget Committee among Republicans who have allowed me the privilege of chairing the Budget Committee. 
So from that point of view, in terms 
of the perspective of where we find our-selves and what our goal is, what does that have to do with the budget? What does that have to do with the numbers that get crunched in this town all the time and that we just finished a re-markable week talking about how to get the progrowth policies that are so necessary to get our economy growing and how do we move forward from a spending standpoint? 
Folks all across the country have dif-
fering views about how that ought to be done. But I think it is helpful to kind of step back and to look at the overall picture, the big picture. 
From a spending standpoint, the Na-
tion understands and appreciates that Washington spends a lot. $3.8 trillion is the amount of money that your Fed-eral Government will spend in this fis-cal year. That is 3.8 with too many zeros after it. It is hard to get your arms around the amount of money that that is. But it is important for all Americans to appreciate kind of how that breaks down. 
The point I want to begin with is this 
point about mandatory spending and discretionary spending. Folks tend to think mostly, if they don’t know how Washington works, that this $3.8 tril-lion is the money that Congress deals with every single year. Right? It is the spending that goes out the door here in Washington every single year and that continues to grow and grow and grow. 
We will go over some of those numbers. 
The fact of the matter is that this 
spending is broken down into two major categories. One is called manda-tory. I prefer the word automatic be-cause it really isn’t mandatory. That is the spending that has occurred and continues to occur because Congress, along with the President, at some point in the past has defined a certain amount of spending or certain pro-grams that need to be continued year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.014 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10704 December 18, 2015 
after year after year, regardless of 
what Congress does or until and unless Congress changes those programs. These are programs like Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and Medicaid. There are a lot of other mandatory programs. These are important programs. There is no doubt about it. 
The money that goes to those pro-
grams goes to them based upon an indi-vidual in this country qualifying for those programs based upon either their income or their age or some other cir-cumstance. The amount of money to be spent on those programs doesn’t change at all unless the House, the Senate, and the President agree to change it. 
That is the mandatory side or the 
automatic side. I prefer, again, to call it automatic because it is automatic spending that occurs. It is only manda-tory in that Congress in the past de-cided that that is what ought to be done. It doesn’t bind us to it, but we have to come to some agreement, as a Congress and President, the legislative and the executive branch, in order to change that. 
When you look at this chart here, 
what we see is that the mandatory pro-grams—or the mandatory spending, automatic spending, is in red. All other spending, which is the discretionary spending, is in blue. This is 1965, 2014, and 2040, the three different pie charts. 
We see that, in 1965, 50 years ago, the 
amount of mandatory spending—that is the automatic spending that occurs year after year after year unless Con-gress and the President agree to change something—the amount of mandatory spending as a percent of spending was about a third. About a third of all spending for the Federal Government 50 years ago was manda-tory spending. So two-thirds was dis-cretionary. 
Now, what is discretionary spending? 
If you think about all of the spending that occurs in Washington, everything that occurs in Washington that people like and want and desire, some people want to change some of it and some people want to raise some things and lower other things. 
But if you think about everything 
that Washington does with the excep-tion of Medicare, Medicaid, Social Se-curity, and some other more minor mandatory programs—those are the ones on the automatic side—if you think about what Washington does, all of the rest of that is the blue that is the discretionary spending. 
What is that? You can just march 
through the agencies of the Federal Government and define what those are. It is transportation. It is commerce. It is justice. It is the court system. It is roads. It is highways. It is infrastruc-ture. It is education. It is energy. It is all of the things. It is defense. It is a remarkable amount and needed amount that we spend in the defense arena. All of those things—all of those things—are the discretionary money. b1115 
That is the blue on this graph. Re-
member that, in 1965—50 years ago— that was two-thirds of the Federal budget. 
Now fast forward to 2014. They are, 
essentially, the same numbers as today; although, the blue has decreased a little more. The mandatory side, the automatic side, is now two-thirds—not one-third but two-thirds—of the spend-ing that comes out of the Federal Gov-ernment, which means those programs have continued to grow. Again, those are important programs—Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—and we will address the challenges that they have in a moment. 
The spending there has grown to two- 
thirds of Federal spending, which means that the blue portion, the dis-cretionary portion—that portion that people think about when they think 
about what the Federal Government spends money on, which is, again, de-fense and infrastructure and education and energy and all of the things that the Federal Government does—has been squeezed, if you will, to one-third of overall spending at the Federal level. 
What does that mean? That is the 
genesis. Is this important to anybody out there across this great land? 
It is the genesis for the battles that 
we have had on the level of spending for defense—yes—or for highways or for infrastructure or for education or for anything that we debate and discuss so as to try our best to represent the American people in a positive way about what kind of money and the number of resources—hardworking tax-payer money—ought to go for those programs. That money is getting de-creased. 
The Federal Government’s challenge 
is to be able to figure out how to turn this around because, in a few short years, the mandatory side will be three-quarters of the spending out of Washington, which means that that discretionary part—that part that peo-ple count on to try to grow the econ-omy and make it so that, again, the greatest number of American dreams can be realized by the greatest number of folks in a fair and a compassionate system—will get further and further and further diminished. So there is the challenge that we have, and the dif-ficulty is getting folks to address the mandatory side. 
Now, someone might say: Well, those 
programs are important. And they are. Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Secu-rity—those programs—are important. So why not just leave them as they are? People are doing just fine. They think things are rolling along rel-atively well. Why not just leave them where they are? 
Here is the dirty little secret about 
those programs: They are all going broke. Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—all of them—are running out of resources over a period of time. 
What does that mean? That means 
that the promises that the Federal Government has made—to seniors re-
garding health care, to individuals who take utilization of the Medicaid sys-tem, to seniors who have access to So-
cial Security resources to try to make it so that their retirement years are more secure—will not be there. All of those benefits to those individuals that the Nation has promised to them will not be there. They will not be there at the level that has been promised. 
You get some folks who say: Well, 
the length of time that it will take for us to have any real challenge in that arena is just too long. You don’t have to worry about it. We have got more than enough time to take care of it. 
The fact of the matter is, Mr. Speak-
er, it is right around the corner. From Social Security’s standpoint, the dis-ability program was destined to be-come insolvent next year. What did we do recently? We plugged the hole. We didn’t solve the problem. We plugged the hole, but that doesn’t make it so that it is any less likely that it will be a greater problem as the years go on. 
Medicare. As a physician, I can tell 
you that the Medicare system is in-credibly important to seniors across this great land. The Medicare system will run out of resources in 2030 to cover the services that have been promised. That is 14, 15 short years away. 
When you think that 15 years is too 
far in the future, just think about the challenge that we had during Y2K, when the millennium turned over. That was just 15 years ago. Most folks re-member that. Most folks remember the challenge that we had during that pe-riod of time. The fact of the matter is that 15 years is not a long time; so Medicare’s going broke in 15 years is something that we ought not ignore. 
Social Security. When does Social 
Security go broke? In 2034, which is 4 years after that—a very short period of time. Again, what does it mean if So-cial Security goes broke? It means that the benefits that have been assured and promised by your Federal Government are not going to be able to be provided to seniors. We think that is wrong. We think that is reckless and immoral to not do anything to fix that. We think it is important to save and strengthen and secure Medicare, Medicaid, and So-cial Security. 
You ask: What does that have to do 
with the budget? That gets us to what the Budget Committee did this past year, and I can’t tell you how proud I am of the work that was done on behalf of the Republican majority here in this House of Representatives. 
What did we do? We put in place, 
adopted a budget that would solve the challenges that we have in a way that gets us to a balanced budget, that gets us on a path to paying off the debt, that puts us on a path to solving, sav-ing, strengthening, and securing Medi-care, Medicaid, and Social Security, and that defines what the role of the Federal Government ought to be for all of the discretionary programs in that blue area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.016 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10705 December 18, 2015 
Where does the spending occur from 
the Federal Government level? This is a pie chart that defines, again, the mandatory side and the discretionary side of our spending. Remember, about two-thirds of spending at the Federal level is the automatic side. What are those programs? It includes Social Se-curity. 
In 2014, which is the last full year 
that we had full numbers, there was $845 billion for Social Security. Medi-care: $505 billion for Medicare. Med-icaid: $301 billion for Medicaid. Other mandatory programs—which are the others that I have talked about, which are things like food stamps and the like—are at $448 billion. Interest on the debt, which is this one, is about $221 billion. 
Let’s talk about interest on the debt 
for a moment. This is money that is spent to cover the interest on the debt that we already have. The United States has a debt of about $18.2 trillion; so the interest that we pay on that an-nually now is about $221 billion. It is destined to increase enormously over the next few years, and that has huge consequences, again, on trying to find the greatest amount of opportunity and the greatest amount of success for the greatest number of folks so that the greatest number of American dreams may be realized. 
How much is it going to increase? 
This is looking at just 10 years. The amount of interest—and that is if in-terest rates stay relatively reason-able—on the national debt, on the Fed-eral debt, will be $800 billion. It will be close to $1 trillion that is going to be spent just on interest. That is more than on defense. That is more than on Medicaid. That is more than on Medi-care. That is more than on education. That is more than on transportation. That is more than on science and space and technology. 
Again, all of those things that the 
American people say that they want and desire are going to be crowded be-cause of the mandatory spending—the automatic spending, yes—but the in-terest on the debt is approaching $1 trillion a year. 
Mr. Speaker, what we are trying to 
do on the Budget Committee is to say to our colleagues and to say to the American people that that is an irre-sponsible use of hard-earned taxpayer dollars to have that level of debt. It means that $1 trillion a year of that hard-earned money by the American people, who send it to Washington and expect that it is going to be used in a responsible way, is going to go toward interest on the debt. That doesn’t do a thing to send a kid to college, to buy a house, to pay the rent, to start a busi-ness. Any of the kinds of things, again, that the American people say they want are harmed by that level of spending on interest on the national debt. That is why this is so important. 
These numbers mean that the 
amount of opportunity and the amount of growth in our economy that will be available to make it so that those 
American dreams can be realized get lessened, and that is why it is so imper-ative that we address the challenges that we have from an economic stand-point. 
Some people would say: Well, that 
really isn’t a problem. All we need to do is to raise taxes—right?—to take more money from the American people. That is how you solve this problem. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, the level 
of revenue—the amount of money— coming into the Federal Government now is at its greatest point ever in real dollars. There is more money being sent to Washington by the American people and by businesses and folks all across this great land to fund the gov-ernment—more money than ever—than in the history of our society. That is a phenomenal statement because what that means is that, if one believes that one just ought to raise taxes on people and take more hard-earned money, then what is the limit? What is the goal? 
Our goal, again, is to create the 
greatest amount of opportunity for the greatest number of individuals and to create the greatest amount of success so that the greatest number of Amer-ican dreams can be realized in a fair and a compassionate system. That is our goal. We don’t believe that that goal is furthered by taking more money from hard-earned American tax-payers. 
The challenge is how you solve that. 
How do you make it so that you don’t get to a point at which $1 trillion a year is going to cover interest on the Federal debt? 
Here is a depiction of how that is 
solved. This is what I call the smile chart. You can see the smile. The fact, however, is that the smile is the blue line there and not the red line. This axis here is the level of debt held as a percent of the gross domestic product. On the lower axis, on the X axis, it goes from 1940 to 2040. Then the dark color here is the graph of what level of debt we had as a Nation from 1940, which was at the beginning of World War II, until now. You see that it goes up and down. 
The largest amount of debt that we 
had in this area was just after World War II, which was when we covered the expenses for the war. It tended to tamp down, and it got into the 20 to 30 per-cent range of the gross domestic prod-uct. That is kind of the range at which economists tell you is the sweet spot for how you get the economy growing and rolling and expanding and creating jobs and opportunities. 
You see over there, just after 2010, 
the incredible increase. That was this President and the Federal Govern-ment’s response to the economic chal-lenge that we had. What did they do? They printed a lot of money and in-creased the amount of debt—a huge in-crease in the amount of debt. 
Now, the red line is where their pro-
jections go. It is where the President and his party’s projections go with cur-
rent programs. Again, those are the programs that we have discussed. That is where their line goes on debt, which expands incredibly. We don’t get to that point on that line because the economy won’t tolerate that. It won’t accommodate that in a way that makes it so that people are going to be able to even find a job, because you can’t take that much money out of the economy and expect the economy to work. 
b1130 
So what we did was put in place our 
budget, adopt a budget, along with the Senate, that is the blue line. And that means that what we would do is figure out how to solve these challenges, get us on a path to paying off the debt. 
You have got to have a surplus before 
you can begin to pay off the debt. But we have got to get on that path to pay-ing off the debt so that we aren’t uti-lizing the incredibly hard-earned tax-payer money simply for the kind of things that don’t benefit anybody at all; and that is, interest on the debt. You cannot continue to have this level of spending. 
We are incredibly excited about the 
opportunities that we have. We have got a lot of challenges in terms of hav-ing our colleagues come onboard and the American people recognizing that these problems are real and they are real right now. 
We began a program in the Com-
mittee on the Budget called Restoring the Trust for All Generations. Mr. Speaker, if you had an interest, you could go to our Web site at www.budget.house.gov and look up the program that we have, Restoring the Trust for All Generations, an effort to try to build the critical mass of indi-viduals necessary to say: Yes, we want that greatest amount of opportunity and success for folks so that American Dreams can be realized in a fair and compassionate system. 
We recognize that in order for that to 
occur, we simply must address the mandatory, the automatic spending issues that are so challenging for us. In order to do that, we have got to make certain that we save and strengthen and secure Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and other mandatory pro-grams in a way that makes sense to the American people and put us on a path to being able to solve these chal-lenges. 
I am extremely excited about the op-
portunities available to us. I am frus-trated that we haven’t been able to get to them sooner than now. But I want to assure you, Mr. Speaker, that your Committee on the Budget and the indi-viduals on that committee and the in-dividuals in this Conference, I believe, recognize the challenges that we have and are looking forward, with great an-ticipation, to 2016, to the leadership from Speaker R
YAN and the admoni-
tion that he has provided for us to say: Look, we have got to make certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.017 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10706 December 18, 2015 
that we define what the legislation is 
that solves and saves and strengthens and secures these programs. We have got to get ourselves on that path to make it so that we can get to a point where we have, indeed, balanced the budget without raising taxes and get ourselves on a path to paying off the debt. 
If we are able to do that, Mr. Speak-
er, then we will, in fact, be able to stand proudly before the American peo-ple and say: What we have done is pro-vided that amount of opportunity and that amount of success for the vast number of the American people so that American Dreams can be realized. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish all a very Merry 
Christmas and a Happy New Year and look forward to that new year, again, with great anticipation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE 
SENATE 
A further message from the Senate 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concur-rence of the House is requested a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 515. An act to protect children from 
exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of in-tended travel by registered child-sex offend-ers outside the United States to the govern-ment of the country of destination, request-ing foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed a bill of the fol-lowing title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 227. An act to strengthen the Federal 
education research system to make research and evaluations more timely and relevant to State and local needs in order to increase student achievement. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
DEMOCRATIC LEADER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  
PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
DECEMBER 18, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to section 
1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), amended by the Division P of the Consolidated Appropriations Resolu-tion, 2003 (22 U.S.C. 6901), I am pleased to re-appoint the following individuals to the United States-China Economic and Security Review Commission. 
Ms. Carolyn Bartholomew, Washington, 
DC. 
Mr. Jeffrey L. Fiedler, Great Falls, VA. Thank you for your attention to these ap-
pointments. 
Sincerely, 
N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Democratic Leader. RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to 
the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 34 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1300 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. M
ESSER ) at 1 p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 18, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 18, 2015 at 12:34 p.m.: 
That the Senate concur in the House 
amendments to the Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 2029. 
That the Senate passed S. 2425. That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 1321. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PATIENT ACCESS AND MEDICARE 
PROTECTION ACT 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2425) to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation technology and certain radiation ther-apy services, to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR re-porting period for 2017 payment adjust-ments, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2425 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patient Ac-
cess and Medicare Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NON-APPLICATION OF MEDICARE FEE 
SCHEDULE ADJUSTMENTS FOR WHEELCHAIR ACCESSORIES AND SEAT AND BACK CUSHIONS WHEN FURNISHED IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLEX REHABILITATIVE POWER WHEELCHAIRS. 
(a) N ON-APPLICATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall not, prior to January 1, 2017, use information on the payment determined under the competitive acquisition programs under section 1847 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3) to adjust the payment amount that would oth-erwise be recognized under section 1834(a)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(1)(B)(ii)) for wheelchair accessories (including seating systems) and seat and back cushions when furnished in connection with Group 3 complex rehabilitative power wheelchairs. 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary may implement this subsection by program in-struction or otherwise. 
(b) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— 
(1) S TUDY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study on wheelchair accessories (including seating systems) and seat and back cushions fur-nished in connection with Group 3 complex 
rehabilitative power wheelchairs. Such study shall include an analysis of the following with respect to such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions in each of the groups described in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (B): 
(i) The item descriptions and associated 
HCPCS codes for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions. 
(ii) A breakdown of utilization and expend-
itures for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. 
(iii) A comparison of the payment amount 
under the competitive acquisition program under section 1847 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3) with the payment amount that would otherwise be recognized under section 1834 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m), including beneficiary cost sharing, for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions. 
(iv) The aggregate distribution of such 
wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions furnished under such title XVIII within each of the groups described in sub-paragraph (B). 
(v) Other areas determined appropriate by 
the Comptroller General. 
(B) G
ROUPS DESCRIBED .—The following 
groups are described in this subparagraph: 
(i) Wheelchair accessories and seat and 
back cushions furnished predominantly with Group 3 complex rehabilitative power wheel-chairs. 
(ii) Wheelchair accessories and seat and 
back cushions furnished predominantly with power wheelchairs that are not described in clause (i). 
(iii) Other wheelchair accessories and seat 
and back cushions furnished with either power wheelchairs described in clause (i) or (ii). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2016, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommenda-tions for such legislation and administrative as the Comptroller General determines to be appropriate. 
SEC. 3. TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT RULES FOR 
CERTAIN RADIATION THERAPY SERVICES UNDER THE MEDICARE PHYSICIAN FEE SCHEDULE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1848 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) S PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN RADIATION  
THERAPY SERVICES .—The code definitions, 
the work relative value units under sub-section (c)(2)(C)(i), and the direct inputs for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18DE7.019 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10707 December 18, 2015 
the practice expense relative value units 
under subsection (c)(2)(C)(ii) for radiation treatment delivery and related imaging serv-ices (identified in 2016 by HCPCS G-codes G6001 through G6015) for the fee schedule es-tablished under this subsection for services furnished in 2017 and 2018 shall be the same as such definitions, units, and inputs for such services for the fee schedule established for services furnished in 2016.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2)(K), by adding at the 
end the following new clause: 
‘‘(iv) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN RADIATION  
THERAPY SERVICES .—Radiation treatment de-
livery and related imaging services identi-fied under subsection (b)(11) shall not be con-sidered as potentially misvalued services for purposes of this subparagraph and subpara-graph (O) for 2017 and 2018.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS ON ALTERNATIVE  
PAYMENT MODEL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report on the de-velopment of an episodic alternative pay-ment model for payment under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act for radiation therapy services fur-nished in nonfacility settings. 
SEC. 4. ENSURING FLEXIBILITY IN APPLYING 
HARDSHIP EXCEPTION FOR MEAN-INGFUL USE FOR 2015 EHR REPORT-ING PERIOD FOR 2017 PAYMENT AD-JUSTMENTS. 
(a) E LIGIBLE PROFESSIONALS .—Section 
1848(a)(7)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(a)(7)(B)) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘(and, with re-spect to the payment adjustment under sub-paragraph (A) for 2017, for categories of eligi-ble professionals, as established by the Sec-retary and posted on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices prior to December 15, 2015, an applica-tion for which must be submitted to the Sec-retary by not later than March 15, 2016)’’ after ‘‘case-by-case basis’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE HOSPITALS .—Section 
1886(b)(3)(B)(ix) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(B)(ix)) is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence of subclause (I), by 
striking ‘‘(n)(6)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(n)(6)’’; and 
(2) in subclause (II), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘(and, with respect to the appli-cation of subclause (I) for fiscal year 2017, for categories of subsection (d) hospitals, as es-tablished by the Secretary and posted on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services prior to December 15, 2015, an application for which must be sub-mitted to the Secretary by not later than April 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘case-by-case basis’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall implement the provisions of, and the amendments made by, subsections (a) and (b) by program in-struction, such as through information on the Internet website of the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services. 
SEC. 5. MEDICARE IMPROVEMENT FUND. 
Section 1898(b)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’. 
SEC. 6. STRENGTHENING MEDICAID PROGRAM 
INTEGRITY THROUGH FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 1936 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1396u–6) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, or oth-
erwise,’’ after ‘‘entities’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding the costs of equipment, salaries and benefits, and travel and training)’’ after ‘‘Program under this section’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘by 100’’ 
and inserting ‘‘by 100, or such number as de-termined necessary by the Secretary to 
carry out the Program,’’. 
SEC. 7. ESTABLISHING MEDICARE ADMINISTRA-
TIVE CONTRACTOR ERROR REDUC-TION INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1874A(b)(1)(D) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk– 1(b)(1)(D)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘
QUALITY .—The Secretary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ QUALITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clauses (ii) 
and (iii), the Secretary’’; and 
(2) by inserting after clause (i), as added by 
paragraph (1), the following new clauses: 
‘‘(ii) I MPROPER PAYMENT RATE REDUCTION  
INCENTIVES .—The Secretary shall provide in-
centives for medicare administrative con-tractors to reduce the improper payment error rates in their jurisdictions. 
‘‘(iii) I
NCENTIVES .—The incentives provided 
for under clause (ii)— 
‘‘(I) may include a sliding scale of award 
fee payments and additional incentives to medicare administrative contractors that ei-ther reduce the improper payment rates in their jurisdictions to certain thresholds, as determined by the Secretary, or accomplish tasks, as determined by the Secretary, that further improve payment accuracy; and 
‘‘(II) may include substantial reductions in 
award fee payments under cost-plus-award- fee contracts, for medicare administrative contractors that reach an upper end im-proper payment rate threshold or other threshold as determined by the Secretary, or fail to accomplish tasks, as determined by the Secretary, that further improve payment accuracy.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to contracts en-tered into or renewed on or after the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
PPLICATION TO EXISTING CONTRACTS .— 
In the case of contracts in existence on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and that are not subject to the effective date under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, when appropriate and practicable, seek to apply the incentives provided for in the amendments made by subsection (a) through contract modifica-tions. 
SEC. 8. STRENGTHENING PENALTIES FOR THE IL-
LEGAL DISTRIBUTION OF A MEDI-CARE, MEDICAID, OR CHIP BENE-FICIARY IDENTIFICATION OR BILL-ING PRIVILEGES. 
Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) Whoever without lawful authority 
knowingly and willfully purchases, sells or distributes, or arranges for the purchase, sale, or distribution of a beneficiary identi-fication number or unique health identifier for a health care provider under title XVIII, title XIX, or title XXI shall be imprisoned for not more than 10 years or fined not more than $500,000 ($1,000,000 in the case of a cor-poration), or both.’’. 
SEC. 9. IMPROVING THE SHARING OF DATA BE-
TWEEN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AND STATE MEDICAID PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a plan to encourage and facilitate the participation of States in the Medicare-Medicaid Data Match Program (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Medi-Medi Program’’) under section 1893(g) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(g)). 
(b) P
ROGRAM REVISIONS TOIMPROVE MEDI- 
MEDIDATA MATCH PROGRAM PARTICIPATION  
BYSTATES .—Section 1893(g)(1)(A) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(g)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
inserting ‘‘or otherwise’’ after ‘‘eligible enti-ties’’; 
(2) in clause (i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘to review claims data’’ 
after ‘‘algorithms’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘service, time, or patient’’ 
and inserting ‘‘provider, service, time, or pa-tient’’; 
(3) in clause (ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘to investigate and re-
cover amounts with respect to suspect claims’’ after ‘‘appropriate actions’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a 
semicolon; 
(4) in clause (iii), by striking the period 
and inserting‘‘ ; and’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iv) furthering the Secretary’s design, de-
velopment, installation, or enhancement of an automated data system architecture— 
‘‘(I) to collect, integrate, and assess data 
for purposes of program integrity, program oversight, and administration, including the Medi-Medi Program; and 
‘‘(II) that improves the coordination of re-
quests for data from States.’’. 
(c) P
ROVIDING STATES WITHDATA ON IM-
PROPER PAYMENTS MADE FOR ITEMS OR SERV-
ICES PROVIDED TO DUAL ELIGIBLE INDIVID -
UALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop and implement a plan that allows each State agency responsible for administering a State plan for medical assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act access to rel-evant data on improper or fraudulent pay-ments made under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) for health care items or services provided to dual eligible individ-uals. 
(2) D
UAL ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘dual eligible indi-vidual’’ means an individual who is entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395c et seq.), or enrolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), and is eligible for med-ical assistance under a State plan under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or under a waiver of such plan. 
The bill was ordered to be read a 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR ADJOURNMENT 
SINE DIE ON FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I offer a privileged concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 104) and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the concurrent reso-
lution as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 104 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That when the House ad-
journs on any legislative day from Friday, December 18, 2015, through Saturday, Janu-ary 2, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned sine die, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent reso-lution; and that when the Senate adjourns on any day from Friday, December 18, 2015, through Tuesday, December 22, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee, it stand adjourned sine die, or until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.006 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10708 December 18, 2015 
the time of any reassembly pursuant to sec-
tion 3 of this concurrent resolution. 
SEC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 3. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-
ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 4. (a) When the Senate recesses or ad-
journs on any day of the second session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress from Sunday, January 3, 2016, through Friday, January 8, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it shall stand re-cessed or adjourned until noon on Monday, January 11, 2016, or until such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to re-cess or adjourn, or until the time of any re-assembly pursuant to subsection (b), which-ever occurs first. 
(b) The Majority Leader of the Senate or 
his designee, after concurrence with the Mi-nority Leader of the Senate, shall notify the Members of the Senate to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(c) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (b), when the Senate recesses or ad-journs on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee, the Senate shall again stand recessed or adjourned pursuant to subsection (a). 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 18, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 18, 2015 at 12:56 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 2152. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, DE-
CEMBER 18, 2015, TO TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today on a motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Tues-day, December 22, 2015, unless it sooner has received a message from the Sen-ate transmitting its concurrence in House Concurrent Resolution 104, in which case the House shall stand ad-journed sine die pursuant to that con-current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON (at the 
request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 227. An act to strengthen the Federal 
education research system to make research and evaluations more timely and relevant to State and local needs in order to increase student achievement; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
S. 2152. An act to establish a comprehen-
sive United States Government policy to en-courage the efforts of countries in sub-Saha-ran Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity ac-cess in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
S. 2261. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve the way beneficiaries are assigned under the Medi-care shared savings program by also basing such assignment on services furnished by Federally qualified health centers and rural health clinics; to the Committee on Ways and Means; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT 
RESOLUTION SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills and a joint resolution of the House of the following titles, which were there-upon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2297. An act to prevent Hizballah and 
associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2820. An act to reauthorize the Stem 
Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3594. An act to extend temporarily the 
Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. H.R. 3831. An act to amend title XVII of 
the Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage. 
H.R. 4246. An act to exempt for an addi-
tional 4-year period, from the application of the means-test presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and mem-bers of the National Guard who, after Sep-tember 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days. 
H.J. Res. 76. Joint resolution appointing 
the day for the convening of the second ses-sion of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 1090. An act to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act to provide eligibility for broad-casting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until Tuesday, December 22, 2015, at 4 p.m., unless it sooner has re-ceived a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 104, in which case the House shall stand adjourned sine die pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3814. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing Rear Admiral (lower half) Ricky L. Williamson, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104- 106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3815. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities [Docket No.:OCC-2015- 0023](RIN:1557-AD00) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
3816. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Margin and Capital Requirements for Covered Swap Entities [Docket No.: OCC- 2011-0008] (RIN: 1557-AD43) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.007 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10709 December 18, 2015 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial 
Services. 
3817. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — 2-propenoic acid, homopolymer, ester with a-[2,4,6-tris(1- phenylethyl)phenyl]-w-hydroxypoly(oxy-1,2- ethanediyl), compd. with 2,2’,2‘‘- nitrilotris[ethanol]; Tolerance Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0630; FRL-9939-71] re-ceived December 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3818. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; SD; Up-date to Materials Incorporated by Reference [EPA-R08-OAR-2015-0429; FRL-9939-87-Region 8] received December 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3819. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Ammonium Acetate; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0700; FRL-9939-39] received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3820. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pesticides; Revisions to Minimum Risk Exemption [EPA-HQ-OPP- 2010-0305; FRL-9934-44] (RIN: 2070-AJ79) re-ceived December 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
3821. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Spinosad; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0727; FRL-9933-41] received December 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3822. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Propiconazole on Tea; Pes-ticide Tolerance [Docket No.: EPA-HQ-OPP- 2015-0685; FRL-9940-01] received December 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
3823. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Propiconazole; Pesticide Tolerances [Docket No.: EPA-HQ-OPP-2014- 0788; FRL-9939-83] received December 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3824. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Spinetoram; Pesticide Tol-erances [Docket No.: EPA-HQ-OPP-2013-0730; FRL-9933-39] received December 18, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3825. A letter from the Deputy Division 
Chief, CIPD, Federal Communications Com-mission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Improvements to Benchmarks and Related Requirements Governing Hear-ing Aid-Compatible Mobile Handsets [Docket No.: 15-285] Amendment of the Commission’s 
Rules Governing Hearing Aid-Compatible Mobile Handsets [Docket No.: 07-250] re-ceived December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3826. A letter from the Secretary, Federal 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Telemarketing Sales Rule (RIN: 3084-AB19) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
3827. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt from Certification; Mica-Based Pearlescent Pigments; Confirma-tion of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2015- C-1154] received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3828. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a six-month periodic report, covering May 15, 2015 to November 15, 2015, on the national emergency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruc-tion that was declared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627) and 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3829. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting the Annual Report for FY 2015 of the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Secu-rity, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 81p(c); June 18, 1934, ch. 590, Sec. 16(c) (as amended by Public Law 99-386, Sec. 203(b)(2)); (100 Stat. 823); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3830. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting a notice of a proposed lease to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States, Transmittal No.: 02-16, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2796a(a); Public Law 90- 629, Sec. 62 (as added by Public Law 97-113, Se c. 109(a)); (95 Stat. 1525); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3831. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Semiannual Report to Congress for April 1, 2015, through September 30, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3832. A letter from the Chairman, National 
Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s Semiannual Report to the Congress for April 1, 2015, through Sep-tember 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. app. (Insp. Gen. Act) Sec. 5(b); Public Law 95-452, Sec. 5(b); (92 Stat. 1103); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3833. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish Hook-and-Line Component [Docket No.: 120404257-3325-02] (RIN: 0648-XE215) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3834. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-
mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-
ment Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE342) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3835. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the West Yakutat District of the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 140918791-4999-02] (RIN: 0648- XE296) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3836. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Coastal Migratory Pelagic Re-sources of the Gulf of Mexico and South At-lantic; 2015-2016 Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in the Florida West Coast Northern Subzone [Docket No.: 101206604-1758-02] (RIN: 0648-XE326) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3837. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries [Docket No.: 150121066-5717-02] (RIN: 0648- XE335) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
3838. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, West Coast Region, National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s temporary orders — Fraser River Sockeye and Pink Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Orders (RIN: 0648-XE261) received December 17, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
3839. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Borrower Defense Student Loan Dis-charges (Rev. Proc. 2015-57) received Decem-ber 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3840. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Certification Relating to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action Between the P5+1, the European Union, and Iran (H. Doc. No. 114—83); jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, Ways and Means, and Financial Services and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 3231. A bill to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18DE7.000 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10710 December 18, 2015 
amend title 5, United States Code, to protect 
unpaid interns in the Federal government from workplace harassment and discrimina-tion, and for other purposes; with amend-ments (Rept. 114–383). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. S. 1172. An act to improve the process of presidential transi-tion; with an amendment (Rept. 114–384, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. United States Se-cret Service: An Agency in Crisis (Rept. 114– 385). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Homeland Security dis-charged from further consideration. S. 1172 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. PELOSI: 
H.R. 4290. A bill to provide for certain as-
sistance and reforms relating to the terri-tories, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. 
H
UNTER , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER ): 
H.R. 4291. A bill to provide for additional 
security requirements for Syrian and Iraqi refugees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Mr. 
P
ASCRELL ): 
H.R. 4292. A bill to provide for research and 
the testing of innovative health care deliv-ery models to improve medication adher-ence, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, 
Mr. N
EAL, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, Mr. C ARTER of Geor-
gia, and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia): 
H.R. 4293. A bill to amend the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure that retirement investors receive ad-vice in their best interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. 
N
EAL, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. R EED, 
and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico): 
H.R. 4294. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to ensure that retirement investors receive advice in their best inter-ests, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself and 
Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): 
H.R. 4295. A bill to require the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to increase the rest periods of flight at-
tendants to the same rest periods of pilots; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself 
and Mr. C
ROWLEY ): 
H.R. 4296. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction for host families of foreign exchange and other students from $50 per month to $400 per month; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 4297. A bill to impose certain require-
ments on the Secretary of the Treasury re-lating to transmittals of country-by-country reports for purposes of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Action Plan; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AMODEI (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARTER of Texas): 
H.R. 4298. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Army to place in Arlington National Cemetery a memorial honoring the heli-copter pilots and crew members of the Viet-nam era, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BLUM (for himself, Mr. K
INGof 
Iowa, and Mr. C HABOT ): 
H.R. 4299. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to prevent the Secretary of Health and Human Services from limiting access to excepted benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. B
UR-
GESS, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. B ROOKS  
of Alabama, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. M EADOWS , Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 4300. A bill to improve the Federal 
flight deck officers program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 4301. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to search all public records to determine if an alien is inadmissable to the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: 
H.R. 4302. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to pursue with other countries the goal of the mutual elimination of gov-ernment-backed export credit agencies, and to provide for the abolishment of the Export- Import Bank of the United States if doing so would not put the United States at a com-petitive disadvantage; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 4303. A bill to provide for the estab-
lishment of an accountable and humane bor-der security strategy for the international land borders of the United States, address cultural, economic, ecological, environ-mental and humanitarian impacts of border security infrastructure, measures, and ac-tivities along the international land borders of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, Agriculture, Foreign Affairs, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-
tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 4304. A bill to direct the Department 
of Labor to conduct a study on residual con-tamination of workers at certain facilities related the Department of Energy’s proc-essing and production of materials that emitted radiation; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 4305. A bill to amend the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 to further enhance the assistance provided by the United States to Ukraine to defend against further aggression by Russia and Russian-backed separatists against Ukraine, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 4306. A bill to make permanent the 
Advisory Committee on Minority Veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, and Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 4307. A bill to establish within the 
Smithsonian Institution the National Mu-seum of Asian Pacific American History and Culture, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, and Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia): 
H.R. 4308. A bill to establish the Commis-
sion to Study the Potential Creation of a Na-tional Museum of Asian Pacific American History and Culture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on House Ad-ministration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. SABLAN (for himself, Mr. 
P
IERLUISI , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Ms. 
BORDALLO ): 
H.R. 4309. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to reimburse each posses-sion of the United States for the cost of the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. M
IL-
LERof Florida, and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 4310. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to check an alien’s interactions on and posting of material to the Internet prior to the issuance of a visa, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 4311. A bill to prohibit the Internal 
Revenue Service from modifying or amend-ing the standards and regulations governing the substantiation of charitable contribu-tions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. 
R
OYCE , Ms. M ENG, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , 
Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. W EBER of 
Texas): 
H.R. 4312. A bill to provide for more effec-
tive sanctions against Iran’s Revolutionary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.012 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10711 December 18, 2015 
Guard Corps or any of its officials, agents, or 
affiliates to counter support for inter-national terrorism and assistance to the Assad regime in Syria; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Financial Services, Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H. Con. Res. 104. Concurrent resolution 
providing for the sine die adjournment of the first session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; considered and agreed to. consid-ered and agreed to. 
By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. 
BARR): 
H. Con. Res. 105. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress regarding the ‘‘Paris Agreement‘‘ announced on December 12, 2015, at the 21st session of the United Na-tions Framework Convention on Climate Change; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. 
H
URDof Texas, and Mr. P EARCE ): 
H. Res. 572. A resolution celebrating the 
50th anniversary of the Texas Western Col-lege’s 1966 NCAA Basketball Championship and recognizing the groundbreaking impact of the title game victory on diversity in sports and civil rights in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H. Res. 573. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President has failed to adequately de-velop and execute a strategy capable of de-feating the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and a significant course correction is nec-essary at this time to ensure the protection of the people of the United States and United States allies; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H. Res. 574. A resolution calling for a res-
toration of civil government in Thailand es-tablished by fair, free, democratic, and open elections and expressing solidarity with the people of Thailand in their desire for democ-racy; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials 
were presented and referred as follows: 
164. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 1661, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
165. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of 
the State of Kansas, relative to Senate Con-current Resolution No. 1661, requesting the Congress of the United States call a conven-tion of the States to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-
tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. PELOSI: 
H.R. 4290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 4291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Arti-cle I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 1 (relating to providing for the general wel-fare of the United States) and 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) of such section. 
OR The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 4292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: 
H.R. 4293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 4294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
a) Article I, Section 1, which states, ‘‘All 
legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives’’; and 
b) Article I, Section 7, which states, ‘‘All 
Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills’’; and 
c) Article I, Section 8, which states, ‘‘The 
Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes,’’ and ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 4295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: 
H.R. 4296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 4297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mr. AMODEI: 
H.R. 4298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to 
providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (re-lating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
By Mr. BLUM: 
H.R. 4299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BRAT: 
H.R. 4300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall 
have the power to . . . provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 4301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: 
H.R. 4302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 4303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 4304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 4305. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 4306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 4307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 4308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. SABLAN: 
H.R. 4309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 4310. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8: ‘‘To establish a uni-
form rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies through-out the United States.’’ 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 4311. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8: ‘‘To make all laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in an department or offcer thereof.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:04 Mar 01, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H18DE5.REC H18DE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10712 December 18, 2015 
By Mr. SHERMAN: 
H.R. 4312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Consitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 59: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 178: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 224: Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 225: Ms. H AHN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 226: Ms. H AHN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
LEE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. 
SERRANO . 
H.R. 244: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 321: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 347: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 556: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 577: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 592: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 676: Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 711: Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. 
CHABOT . 
H.R. 721: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 735: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 815: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 829: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 842: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 919: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 969: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, and Mr. P ERRY . 
H.R. 985: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 986: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 1116: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. S HIMKUS , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
MACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1149: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 1211: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1274: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1282: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1283: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1306: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1343: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1457: Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 1538: Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. O’R OURKE , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 1600: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 1655: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. C RAMER , and 
Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1680: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1686: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. B EYER and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 1859: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2003: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2016: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 2043: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2087: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 2092: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2124: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2170: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2197: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. K APTUR , and Ms. 
SLAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2224: Ms. K USTER , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2257: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2283: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. M ICA, Mr. S MITH of New Jer-
sey, and Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 2302: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 2368: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. R OSS, Mr. S MITH of New Jer-
sey, and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2411: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 2434: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2449: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2461: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2493: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 2521: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2536: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 2539: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2627: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2657: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
BOST. 
H.R. 2805: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2817: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 2826: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2849: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 2858: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Mr. 
BRADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2902: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2903: Ms. M OORE and Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama. 
H.R. 2914: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 2962: Mr. F OSTER , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. 
ENGEL . 
H.R. 2984: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 3029: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
POLIQUIN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B YRNE , and Ms. 
MENG. 
H.R. 3060: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 3084: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 3092: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 3099: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 3151: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 3163: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. 
H.R. 3187: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 3220: Mr. N UNES and Mrs. M IMIWAL-
TERS of California. 
H.R. 3222: Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3235: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 3268: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
GARAMENDI . 
H.R. 3284: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3299: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 3326: Mr. L OEBSACK and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3355: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 3365: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California. 
H.R. 3366: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3377: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 3481: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3491: Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 3520: Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 3546: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. F ARR, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
DELBENE, Ms. K USTER , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. 
TURNER . 
H.R. 3605: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 3640: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 3684: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 3694: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 3706: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
RANGEL , 
H.R. 3729: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 3783: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 3785: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. F ATTAH and 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 3790: Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and 
Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 3805: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 3808: Mr. Y ODER , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee. 
H.R. 3834: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 3841: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 3853: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 3862: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3865: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 3872. Mr. C UMMINGS and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 3886: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3913: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3917: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia. 
H.R. 3927: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 3952: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 3986: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 3991: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 4019: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 4029: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 4055: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 4063: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 4089: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 4135: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 4144: Mr. F OSTER and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 4162: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 4177: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 4183: Mr. C HABOT and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 4184: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 4185: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. Y ODER , 
and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 4197: Mr. T ROTT . 
H.R. 4201: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 4209: Mr. S ERRANO and Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 4216: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 4223: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 4224: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 4226: Mr. D IAZ-BALART and Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 4240: Mr. K EATING , Mr. C HABOT , and 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 4242: Ms. M OORE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, and Mr. C APUANO . 
H.R. 4243: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS  
H.R. 4251: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 4253: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 4262: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. 
H.R. 4266: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 4273: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 4274: Mr. B ABIN. 
H. J. Res. 74: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. N OLAN and Mr. W ALZ. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:14 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.020 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H10713 December 18, 2015 
H. Con. Res. 88: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H. Con. Res. 101: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H. Res. 14: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H. Res. 237: Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 279: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. T AKANO . 
H. Res. 327: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H. Res. 432: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H. Res. 447: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. G IBSON . 
H. Res. 494: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE . 
H. Res. 532: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan. 
H. Res. 543: Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H. Res. 549: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 553: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 554: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H. Res. 558: Mr. N OLAN . 
H. Res. 564: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , and Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H. Res. 567: Mr. D OLD. 
H. Res. 569: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ARNEY , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT . 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
39. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
the City of Miami, Florida, relative to Reso-lution: R–15–0506, urging the President and 
Congress to protect Venezuelan refugees in the United States and to adjust their immi-gration status pursuant to H.R. 3744; which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— 
ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Member added his 
name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 3 by Mr. THOMPSON of California 
on the bill (H.R. 1076): Mr. Aguilar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE7.017 H18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8837 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2015 No. 185 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Merciful God, enthroned far above all 
powers, thank You for the gift of an-
other day. Help us to use this borrowed time wisely. Forgive us when we forget that You are still on Your throne and that the hearts of humanity are in Your hands. Remind our lawmakers that Your sovereignty is far above any 
conceivable command, authority, or control. May this knowledge of Your unstoppable providence motivate them to contribute to peace in our time. 
Bless the members of our military 
and their families, surrounding them all with the shield of Your Divine favor. Lord, bless also those who are ill and in pain, poor and in need, worried and in distress, discouraged and in de-spair, tempted and in danger. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
CAPITO ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.000 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8838 December 18, 2015 
INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW TO 
PREVENT DEMAND FOR CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing passage of H.R. 515, the com-mittee-reported title amendment be agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported title amend-
ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to 
protect children and others from sexual abuse and exploitation, including sex traf-ficking and sex tourism, by providing ad-vance notice of intended travel by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destina-tion, requesting foreign governments to no-tify the United States when a known sex of-fender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
OMNIBUS LEGISLATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
we know our constituents are deeply concerned about America’s struggling economy. So let’s take steps, as the legislation we will consider proposes, to support more jobs, more oppor-tunity, and more economic growth. 
Let’s enact permanent tax relief for 
American families and small busi-nesses. Let’s set the table for pro- growth tax reform. Let’s permanently eliminate an energy policy from the 1970s that not only costs American jobs but also strengthens America’s adver-saries like Iran and Russia. This will end the absurd position we are in now, where the Iranians, as a result of the President’s deal, can export oil and the United States can’t. 
Here is something else. We know our 
constituents are deeply concerned about America’s national security. So let’s take steps, as the legislation we will consider proposes, to strengthen our national security in a dangerous world. Let’s help ensure our military has more of the funding it needs to train, equip, and confront the threats that face us from literally every corner of the globe. Let’s bolster the FBI’s ability to confront terror within our borders. Let’s bring badly needed re-form to the Visa Waiver Program. The last provision is especially important. Let’s prevent the transfer of dangerous terrorists from Guantanamo’s secure detention center into America’s com-munities. Let’s provide the people we represent with some long overdue pro-tection from cyber attacks. Let’s honor our veterans and enact critical reforms to help address the crises we have seen at the VA. 
The legislation we will consider 
today would take steps to strengthen our economy and strengthen our na-tional security. It would also bolster the First Amendment. It would attack key pillars of ObamaCare and prevent a taxpayer bailout of this partisan law. That last provision is especially impor-tant. Protecting the middle class from financing a bailout of ObamaCare 
means we are likely to speed up Amer-ica’s day of liberation from ObamaCare as well. 
So here is my view. This legislation 
helps our economy, helps our national security, and strikes more blows to a partisan health law that hurts the mid-dle class. I think it is legislation worth supporting. 
f 
SENATE ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
before I leave the floor, I would like to say something about last year. The American people voted for a new ma-jority last November. We were humbled to have their support and take the Sen-ate in a new direction. The Senate has made great strides in the year since. I think we have shown how the Senate can not only get back to work, but also return to a place of higher purpose. 
We have committees working again. 
We opened up the legislative process. We gave Senators from both parties more of a say. As a result, we have got-ten a lot done for the American people. 
There are numbers that help tell the 
story, such as the fact that this Senate allowed 200 rollcall votes compared to just 15 last year. But it is the sub-stance of what we passed that truly shows what a new and more open Sen-ate can achieve for the American peo-ple: replacing No Child Left Behind with the most significant K–12 edu-cation reform in more than a dozen years; addressing crumbling roads and bridges with the first long-term Trans-portation bill in a decade; a balanced budget for the first time since 2001; help for our veterans; hope for the vic-tims of modern slavery; modernizing changes for our military and its acqui-sition systems; and notable, bipartisan reforms for programs like Medicare— reforms that set a precedent for further positive action in the future. 
We brought a permanent end to more 
of Washington’s artificial cliffs and manufactured dramas by working to-ward real reform instead of just tem-porary patches, and we will do that again today. We will enact permanent tax relief for families and small busi-nesses. We will bring an end to a job- destroying, 40-year ban on energy ex-ports. We will finally pass landmark cyber security legislation after years of Senate inaction. And just last night, we passed the first significant environ-mental reform bill in decades, one that will create more certainty for busi-nesses and ensure uniform safety standards for products our families use. 
This is all very good news for the 
American people. Nearly all the poli-cies I mentioned were, or will be, signed into law by the President. 
Others, while important, do not have 
his support. That includes legislation 
to rescue the middle class from the pain of ObamaCare, to support Key-stone’s energy jobs, and to protect Kentucky’s small businesses and coal families from Washington’s regulatory assault. It is now clear that it will take a new 
President—a new President—to achieve those things for the American people. But we are proving that you can still get a lot done with a President from a different party. We are proving you can actually enact significant, long-term reforms, achieve conservative policy goals, and get them signed into law. 
I am proud of what the new Senate 
has accomplished. I wish to thank the many friends across the aisle who joined us in passing so many bipartisan reforms for the American people. We are not only putting the Senate back to work; we are putting it back on the side of the American people. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
OMNIBUS LEGISLATION 
Mr. REID. Madam President, the ac-
complishments of the first session of this Senate has been a demonstration of what can happen when the minority is not trying to block everything. There has been no need this last year for scores and scores of cloture peti-tions being filed because we didn’t block things; we rarely did that. In the past, of course, it was done all the time. So we have demonstrated that it is important to have a minority that is responsible. 
Of course, we know the issues that 
have passed this year are issues that we worked on for a number of years and that had been blocked by Repub-licans. We are glad to have been part of this Congress and able to move forward on a number of issues that have been languishing for a long time. 
Of course, next year we need to do 
more for the middle class. There are lots of things that we haven’t been able to do and should do—minimum wage, making sure that my daughter and my granddaughter are paid the same as a man who does the same work. 
We also have to understand that the 
lack of college affordability is crushing our country. It is often said it is a larg-er debt than credit cards, and we have to do something to relieve that pres-sure on the American people. 
It is often said that legislation is the 
art of compromise, and I know that is true. Crafting bipartisan legislation is hard, tedious work. It requires a com-plex calibration of competing interests, needs, and realities. The legislation that will soon be before this body, the combined omnibus spending bill and tax extenders package, is a perfect ex-ample of a bipartisan compromise wrought in good faith. 
It wasn’t easy. In fact, coming to an 
agreement on this package was a pains-taking endeavor by Senate and House leaders and by House and Senate Mem-bers, but it was especially hard for our staffs. I am so appreciative of their ex-ceptionally good work. I know it meant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.001 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8839 December 18, 2015 
long hours, late nights and weekends 
spent here in the Capitol. Without their diligent efforts, we wouldn’t be here voting on this legislation today. 
On my leadership staff, no one 
worked harder than my chief of staff, Drew Willison. He was my lead nego-tiator, and he did an admirable job—a tremendous job. He worked very, very hard. I won’t go into all the hard work that he did, but I remember one night I was having trouble dozing off. I called him at midnight, and he responded on the phone. For the next three hours I still didn’t do too well sleeping, so I called him at 3 a.m. He still responded. He was here at the Capitol working— working to make this agreement a re-ality. In all his years here, I have found that Drew, a congressional fellow who came in from the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, was so good that I wouldn’t let him leave, and he has been a Senate person since then. He was se-
lected by me to be Assistant Sergeant at Arms. In everything he has been asked to do, he has done a remarkably good job. So I wasn’t surprised at all that he was able to do the work he did on these bills with tremendously dif-ficult legislative issues that will be be-fore this body shortly. 
I want to speak for just a minute 
about Gary Myrick, Secretary for the minority. He has been my floor general and my chief of staff. I depend on his expertise on the issues now before us, which soon will be before us, and on ev-erything we do here in the Senate. He is an expert on Senate rules, and I ap-preciate very much his good work. 
Bill Dauster, my deputy chief of 
staff—nobody on Capitol Hill better un-derstands policy or legislation than Bill. Anytime legislative staff—not just mine, but anyone’s staff in the Senate—has an issue dealing with leg-islation, they know Bill will be avail-able. I admire him. He is a fine man. I so appreciate the example he sets in being good to everybody. 
Kate Leone is my senior health coun-
sel. To say she does an exceptional job is an understatement. Kate is probably the world’s leading expert on ObamaCare, and she is an absolute ex-pert on all health policy issues. She brought her expertise to this agree-ment in full force with the able assist-ance of McKenzie Bennett, who also works on health care issues for me. Again, I appreciate very much her hard work. 
Ellen Doneski, my chief tax policy 
adviser, deserves praise. Tax policy is 
difficult. I took a couple of courses in law school on tax policy. To be honest with you, it didn’t interest me very much, but for my lack of interest, Ellen has been stupendous. Even while not feeling well, she has worked her way through the last few weeks ex-hausted, working with Democrats, Re-publican counterparts, and making in-tricate tax decisions and putting intri-cate tax provisions in the agreement that is before this body. 
Alex McDonough, my senior policy 
adviser, handles my energy and envi-ronmental problems. This legislation is 
one of the greatest investments in re-newable energy in American history. It is amazing what we have done in this 
legislation. The writing of this legisla-tion was done by Alex. This work that has been done on this bill dealing with renewable energy—picture 65 coal-fired powerplants with an average megawatt production, let’s say, of 800 megawatts. Sixty-five coal-fired plants would be gone, and they will be gone. That is how much pollution from fossil fuel will be saved as a result of the work done here. If you don’t like that exam-ple, try 50 million automobiles will be taken off the roads—not 5 million, 50 million. 
Alex, I appreciate your good work 
very much. This legislation wouldn’t be what it is today without Alex. 
Gavin Parke, my senior policy ad-
viser and counsel was here working hard on banking and financial in this legislation. He worked like everyone: long, hard hours on very complicated banking issues, housing issues. I appre-ciate and admire his good work and his pleasant personality. He was assisted by Sammi Swing, who worked with him on some housing issues that were extremely difficult in this bill. 
My brilliant chief counsel, Ayesha 
Khanna, oversaw cyber security, sur-veillance, and all kinds of things when I needed a good legal mind to help me work my way through understanding these issues. I appreciate her tireless efforts. 
My senior adviser, Tyler Moran, I 
don’t think there is anyone in Wash-ington who understands immigration issues more than Tyler. She worked in the White House. I was able to coax her into coming from the White House to work with us, and she has done an out-standing job on everything dealing with immigration—whether it is the DREAMers, whether it is litigation that followed the President doing an Executive order, helping the DREAM-ers’ parents, whatever it is, children coming across the border, all related issues, including refugees and visas. 
Jessica Lewis is one of the most 
pleasant, nicest people I have ever known. She is my national security ad-visor. I so appreciate her demeanor, her intellect, and her hard work. Late yes-terday, when we finished work here, we went to one of the secure rooms in the Capitol, and we spent time with her telling me what is going on around the world. A lot of it is not very pleasant, but that is her job. I appreciate her work on foreign policy and intelligence issues. She is assisted by my deputy national security advisor, Julie Klein, who is also a good person and knows foreign policy. 
Sara Moffat worked on interior-re-
lated issues and many other environ-mental issues but especially wild horses, sage grouse, and many other environmental issues that kept pop-ping up on this bill. 
George Holman helped me to fend off 
attacks on campaign finance reform and other issues as they arose. Caren Street spent weeks on the EB– 
5 visa issue. I found her to be someone who is very intelligent and always available. I appreciate her good work and her wonderful smile. 
Bruce King is stunningly smart. He is 
a Stanford person. He is my adviser, my confidant on issues relating to budget and finance. He is formerly staff director of the Budget Committee. He worked on all budget components of this bill and there were lots of them. I admire his soft speaking and his direct-ness. I really like him as a person. 
Jason Unger is my legislative direc-
tor. I have such admiration for him. He also is quiet and very effective. He is a person who believes in public service. This young man, who graduated with high honors from UCLA, decided he wanted to do something in public serv-ice, so he taught for the Teach For America Program for 5 years in Comp-ton, CA. It is a very difficult job. He taught little kids, and I bet he did a wonderful job, as he has done in the Capitol working with me as my legisla-tive director. 
My staffers were not alone in their 
efforts. They were helped tremendously by staff from other offices. The four principal leadership negotiators were, as I mentioned, Drew Willison, my chief of staff; Hazen Marshall from Senator M
CCONNELL ’s staff; Dick 
Meltzer from Leader P ELOSI ’s staff; 
Austin Smythe; and Cindy Herrle from Speaker R
YAN’s office. They worked 
well together. I am sure once in a while they would raise their voices with one another, but it worked out real well. It was a good team, and we have the re-sult to prove it. 
As I indicated, these were tough ne-
gotiations, but these five individuals worked very hard. They made tough choices and brought them to their prin-cipal and decisions were made. It was amazingly cooperative. It was done in a collegial manner. I believe that all the leaders were exceptionally well rep-resented by these men and women. 
I would be remiss not to mention 
B
ARBARA MIKULSKI ’s outstanding ap-
propriations team. The entire staff de-serves our thanks but especially Staff Director Chuck Kieffer, who is an insti-tution of the U.S. Senate. He is a fine person, a hard worker, and no one un-derstands the appropriations process better than he does, and of course Dep-uty Staff Director Jean Eisen, who has been remarkably involved. 
This leaves me to say a word about 
B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . When the history 
books are written of what has taken place in the U.S. Senate during the last 40 years, she will be a principal of that history. I had the good fortune of being able to come to the Senate with her. We served on the same committees. We have served on the Appropriations Committee for sure and enjoyed our re-lationship. There is no one I have served with in public office I have more respect for than B
ARBARA MIKULSKI . I 
admire her. I admire how she has been so dynamic in the U.S. Senate. She is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.003 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8840 December 18, 2015 
one of the finest orators we have ever 
had in the Senate while I have been here. She does it in a unique way, but we all listen. 
B
ARBARA MIKULSKI , thank you very 
much. 
We also had to work hard with the 
Finance Committee. I extend my ap-preciation to our ranking member, R
ON 
WYDEN . He and I have served together 
in Congress for a long time, more than three decades, but not only do I appre-ciate his work but also his staff direc-tor, Josh Sheinkman. I may not pro-nounce his name just right, but every-body knows Josh. I want the Finance Committee and all of their staff to know how much we appreciate this product that they were responsible for piecing together. 
I already talked a day or so ago 
about Dennis McDonough, the Presi-dent’s Chief of Staff. He is a remark-ably fine man. 
Brian Deese, Senior Adviser to the 
President, was one of the reasons we got the great agreement we got out of Paris with those accords dealing with the environment. 
Katie Beirne Fallon, President 
Obama’s Legislative Affairs Director, I have already laid out on the record what a wonderful person she is. 
Jason Furman, Chairman of the 
Council of Economic Advisers, I extend my appreciation to him and his entire family whom I know. 
Marty Paone, I talked about him. We really care a great deal about 
them. 
There are many others who helped 
craft this compromise. 
From the Republican Leader’s office: 
Brendan Dunn and Scott Rabb. 
From Speaker R
YAN’s office: George 
Callas and Matt Hoffman. 
From Leader P ELOSI ’s office: Kath-
erine Monge and Wendell Primus. 
From Senator C ORNYN ’s office: 
Monica Popp. 
From the Senate Finance Com-
mittee: Ryan Abraham, Brett Baker, Kim Brandt, Chris Campbell, Adam Carrasco, Anne Dwyer, Karen Fisher, Liz Jurinka, Matt Kazan, Jay Khosla, Jim Lyons, Juan Machado, Todd Metcalf, Matt Prater, Josh Sheinkman, Katie Simeon, Tiffany Smith, and Todd Wooten. 
From the Senate HELP Committee: 
Nick Bath and Andi Fristedt. 
From the Senate Banking Com-
mittee: Mark Powden. 
From the Senate Committee on Envi-
ronment and Natural Resources: An-gela Becker-Dippmann and Sam Fowler. 
From Senator S
CHUMER ’s office: 
Meghan Taira. 
From Senator G ILLIBRAND ’s office: 
Brooke Jamison. 
From Congressman L EVIN’s office: 
Karen McAffe. 
I realize I may be missing some peo-
ple. So to everyone who helped push this legislation across the finish line, thank you. You have done America a great service. RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. HATCH addressed the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, will my 
friend allow me to interrupt for just a second? 
Mr. HATCH. I will be happy to yield. 
f 
COMMENDING SENATOR HATCH 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I had it 
in my notes, but I didn’t do it. 
I wish to express my appreciation for 
the majority staff on the Finance Com-mittee. The chairman of this powerful Finance Committee is O
RRIN HATCH . 
We have served together in the Senate for these many years. There is not a finer gentleman in the Senate than O
RRIN HATCH . I apologize for reading 
over my notes. I appreciate very much his friendship and his leadership. 
Mr. HATCH. I thank the leader, and I 
feel the same way toward him. He and I are dear friends, and we are going to continue to be dear friends, despite our differences. 
f 
PROPER OPERATION OF THE 
SENATE 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise 
to discuss the state of the U.S. Senate. My 39 years of service in this body have given me an increasingly unique van-tage point to reflect upon this institu-tion. Over the years, I have seen the Senate both at its best—rising to meet the lofty expectations of the Framers— and, unfortunately, I have seen it at its worst. 
Last year I came to the floor repeat-
edly to speak out against what I viewed as the abuse of the Senate by the previous majority, under which this great body fell into great dysfunc-tion. In addition to identifying these abuses, I did my best to lay out a vi-sion for how the Senate ought to func-tion—how we could best live up to the best traditions of our forebearers. 
Over the past year, since my selec-
tion as President pro tempore, I have endeavored to continue to offer what lessons I have learned and what accu-mulated knowledge I have acquired over my nearly four decades here to help our new Republican majority to get the Senate working again. After a year of hard work, I can report a sig-nificant degree of success. Under the leadership of our new majority leader and his team, the Senate is back to work for the American people. 
By the end of last Congress, these 
best traditions of the Senate that have allowed it to serve the Republic for so 
well for so long were left, in my opin-ion, in severe disrepair. The then-ma-jority leadership curtailed debate on an unprecedented scale, moving to cut off debate before this body could even begin considering legislation. The lead-er also used the so-called nuclear op-tion to permanently weaken the oppor-tunity to debate nominations, includ-ing crucial lifetime nominations to the Federal court. In all of last year, the Senate voted on only 15 amendments, with the majority leadership refusing to countenance any amendment it did not support. The 113th Congress set a record for bills that bypassed commit-tees—this institution’s incubators of consensus. Instead of adhering to the committee process, the legislation was crafted in the back rooms of leadership offices and brought directly to the floor. 
Thanks to this institutional degrada-
tion, the Senate became a wasteland of partisan warfare. Much of the time spent in session was wasted on voting on the previous majority’s messaging bills. This legislation had no chance of passing the Senate and was designed simply to buttress the majority’s elec-tion-year arguments. The time that was not spent on this political games-manship was otherwise wasted largely on rushing through President Obama’s nominees at a breakneck pace. 
Our new majority has thus faced the 
daunting task of restoring the Senate to its proper function so this body can resume its rightful role as the source of wise legislation. These efforts have produced some impressive statistics. 
This year, the Senate has held al-
most 200 votes on amendments of indi-vidual Senators. That figure is nearly 9 times as many as last year. Earlier this year, the Senate brought up more amendments in a single week than all of last year. 
Debate has also flourished. The Sen-
ate spent over 25 percent more days in session than last year. The majority leader has greatly curtailed the prac-tice of filing cloture as soon as debate begins, restricting it to rare occasions that involve time-sensitive measures and, particularly, sensitive bipartisan legislation. 
Furthermore, our committees are all 
back to work. With only a few excep-tions, the legislation passed by the Senate has been crafted by the com-mittee rather than by leadership. The close, collaborative environment that the committees foster helps build bi-partisan consensus, even in these po-larizing times. In fact, many of our committees posted impressive statis-tics of bipartisan legislating. The Fi-nance Committee—the accomplish-ments of which I spoke on yesterday— has passed 37 bills, all bipartisan. The Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee has passed 71 bills, all bipartisan. The Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee has passed 10 pieces of legislation, and all but one was bipartisan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.005 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8841 December 18, 2015 
According to the Re ´sume´of Congres-
sional Activity, as of December 1, the Senate had passed 391 measures as compared to 290 in 2014 and 246 in 2013. While this year’s number compares fa-vorably to the two previous years, the Senate’s productivity is best measured not by a simple count of measures passed, in which a post office naming counts the same as a comprehensive budget for the entire Federal Govern-ment, but instead by the sort and sub-stance of measures passed. This meas-ure paints by far the best picture of the good work done by the Senate in the first year of our new Republican Sen-ate majority. 
Instead of wasting the Senate’s pre-
cious time on political show votes, the new majority leadership has focused the Senate’s consideration on measures that can actually pass, which almost always require bipartisan support. We have also made sure to fulfill Congress’s most basic fiscal manage-ment responsibilities. We passed the first bicameral budget since 2009 and the first budget that balances in 14 years. Based on that budget blueprint, the Appropriations Committee passed all 12 appropriations bills for the first time since 2009. While the minority un-fortunately chose to block numerous attempts we made to pass these bills on the floor through regular order, we struck a multiyear bipartisan budget deal to last through the rest of the Obama administration. Passing this legislation warded off the threat of an-other shutdown or a disastrous default on our debt. We have also struck a deal on an omnibus spending bill for next year that, while imperfect, makes im-portant progress in a number of areas, such as repealing the antiquated oil ex-port ban to create jobs at home and ward off the influences of Vladimir Putin and other dangerous rogues abroad, increasing resources for our military at a time of great threat, strengthening the Visa Waiver Pro-gram to protect against terrorists, and provisions to bar the transfer of Guan-tanamo detainees to American soil. 
As we look forward to next year, our 
leadership has built a pathway to re-turn to regular order in the appropria-tions process, allowing Congress to ful-fill our constitutional duty to oversee the executive branch through the power of the purse. 
The Senate also overcame a bitter 
partisan dispute to pass the annual Na-tional Defense Authorization Act to further our most basic responsibility to provide for the common defense. Under the leadership of our Armed Services Committee, with colleagues on both sides, we passed into law a bill that contains a wide variety of critical de-fense items, from acquisition reform to aid to Ukraine. Moreover, among the most important accomplishments of the year have been the long-term chal-lenges tackled by the Senate. Over the past few years, Congress earned a well- deserved reputation for kicking the can down the road on a number of key issues that affect Americans’ lives in 
crucial ways—from our commutes to our health care to our children’s edu-cation. This year Congress has taken a number of crucial steps to end this cycle of irresponsible delays. Instead of passing yet another patch to the high-way trust fund, we passed the first long-term highway bill in a decade; in-stead of leaving seniors in a lurch with yet another doc fix, we permanently fixed how Medicare reimburses physi-cians and passed a real down payment on real entitlement reform; instead of consigning ourselves to a backseat role in shaping the international economy of the future, we passed the first trade promotion authority legislation since 2002; instead of waiting until the last minute to pass another extension of critical tax breaks, we have struck a deal to make much important tax re-lief permanent and provide multiyear extensions of others, providing vital certainty to business and family budg-ets; and instead of leaving our schools webbed in by No Child Left Behind and the Obama administration’s condi-tioned waivers, we passed the Every Student Succeeds Act, which the Wall Street Journal called the greatest devolution of power to the States in a quarter century. 
Moreover, we pushed against the 
Obama administration’s most egre-gious overreach, preparing the way to reverse them under a future President. We passed Congressional Review Act resolutions to repeal the President’s most onerous and job-killing labor and environmental regulations, and most importantly, we passed the Senate’s first repeal of ObamaCare. 
Finally, after the turmoil in the con-
firmation process in recent years, we have moved at a deliberate pace in ex-amining the President’s nominees. De-spite the spurious claims of some on the other side, our record on confirma-tions fits favorably within historical norms. As of December 10, 316 of Presi-dent Obama’s judicial nominees have been confirmed, constituting more than 37 percent of the actual active Federal bench. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to finish my state-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
By comparison, only 292 of President 
George W. Bush’s nominees had been confirmed at the same point in his ten-ure, constituting less than 35 percent of the active judiciary. There are only 65 judicial vacancies today. Vacancies have been lower in only 13 of the 83 months, or less than 16 percent of the time, that this President has held of-fice. During 2015, the average number 
of judicial vacancies has been 58, the lowest average for any year of the Obama Presidency. 
This is a record of achievement that 
speaks for itself, one that easily shows why PoltiFact awarded the minority 
leader three Pinocchios for his accusa-tions that the Senate, under our new Republican majority, has been unpro-ductive by historical standards. While there have been, no doubt, many bumps in the road—and we still need more mutual restraint of both the minority and the majority—there should be no doubt that our new Republican major-ity has the Senate back to work for the American people. 
I thank the Presiding Officer for the 
extra time. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS 
Mr. ENZI. Madam President, on No-
vember 2, 2015, the President signed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 into law, H.R. 1314, P.L. 114–74. This bill passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 266 to 167 and the Senate by a vote of 64 to 35. Section 101 of H.R. 1314 rede-fined the term ‘‘discretionary spending limit’’ to add $50 billion in budget au-thority for fiscal year 2016. This in-crease was split evenly between defense and nondefense spending. More specifi-cally it increased the fiscal year 2016 discretionary spending limit for the re-vised security category to $548.091 bil-lion in new budget authority and the revised nonsecurity category to $518.491 billion in new budget authority. Sec-tion 3404 of the fiscal year 2016 budget resolution provides me with the au-thority to adjust levels and allocations for such changes in definitions in en-acted legislation. I am therefore ad-justing the allocation to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the budg-etary aggregates to reflect the spend-ing limits of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 
In addition to the changes triggered 
by P.L. 114–74, section 251 of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, BBEDCA, allows for various adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits, while sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 allow the chairman of the Budget Committee to establish and make revisions to allocations, ag-gregates, and levels consistent with those adjustments. The Senate will soon consider H.R. 2029, the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016. This bill includes numerous provisions that meet the terms laid out in section 251 of BBEDCA to generate a change in the discretionary spending limits. As such, this spending is eligible for an adjust-ment under the Congressional Budget Act. 
Earlier this year I made adjustments 
to budgetary aggregates and the Com-mittee on Appropriations’ allocation to reflect provisions in appropriations bills that qualified for cap adjustments under BBEDCA that were being consid-ered on the Senate floor. The adjust-ments I make today take these adjust-ments into consideration and reflect the appropriate level for adjustments for considering this Omnibus appro-priations bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.007 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8842 December 18, 2015 
Section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11 pro-
vides a separate allocation to the Com-mittee on Appropriations for overseas contingency operations, OCO/global war on terrorism, GWOT, spending. Furthermore, the budget resolution provides the chairman of the Com-mittee on the Budget the authority to change levels, aggregates, and alloca-tions related to OCO/GWOT based on new information. As such, I am making the appropriate adjustments to bring allocation levels in line with the amounts provided in H.R. 2029. 
As a result, I am increasing the budg-
etary aggregate for 2016 by $36,072 mil-lion in budget authority and reducing the aggregate for outlays by $997 mil-lion. I am increasing the fiscal year 
2016 non-OCO/GWOT allocations to the Appropriations Committee by $25,000 million in budget authority for defense, 
revised security category, $33,666 mil-lion in budget authority for non-de-fense, revised nonsecurity category, and $15,722 million in general purpose outlays. I am also reducing the OCO/ GWOT allocation to the Committee on Appropriations by $22,594 million in budget authority and $16,719 million in outlays. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ac-
companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
REVISION TO BUDGETARY AGGREGATES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-
tion 3404 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$s in millions 2016 
Current Spending Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 3,009,557 Outlays .......................................................... 3,067,943 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 36,072 Outlays .......................................................... ¥997 
Revised Spending Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 3,045,629 Outlays .......................................................... 3,066,946 
REVISION TO SPENDING ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(Pursuant to Sections 302 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Section 3404 of S. Con. Res 11, the Concurrent  Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$s in millions 2016 
Current Allocation*: 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 523,091 
Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 494,191 
General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,157,345 
Adjustments: 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 25,000 
Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 33,666 
General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 15,722 
Revised Allocation*: 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 548,091 
Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority .................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 527,857 
General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,173,067 
*Excludes amounts designated for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to Section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of  the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
Memorandum: Detail of Adjustments Made Above Regular Program Integrity Disaster Relief Emergency Total 
Revised Security Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................................ ......... 25,000 0 0 0 25,000 
Revised Nonsecurity Category Discretionary Budget Authority ................................................................... 2 5,000 1,523 7,143 0 33,666 
General Purpose Outlays ........................................................................................................ ...................... 13,788 1,311 388 235 15,722 
REVISION TO OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/ 
GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
(Pursuant to Section 3102 of S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on 
the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016) 
$s in millions 2016 
Current OCO/GWOT Allocation: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 96,287 Outlays .......................................................... 48,798 
Adjustments: 
Budget Authority ........................................... ¥22,594 
Outlays .......................................................... ¥16,719 
Revised OCO/GWOT Allocation: 
Budget Authority ........................................... 73,693 Outlays .......................................................... 32,079 
f 
OMNUBUS LEGISLATION 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
rise to speak on the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act of 2016, otherwise known as the omnibus bill. 
I wish to report to my colleagues in 
the Senate that the House has passed the bill this morning with a robust vote of 316 to 113. Three months ago it was unclear if we would be at this posi-tive point. We were uncertain if we could get a budget deal that would lift the caps for defense and nondefense spending, it was unclear if we could cancel sequester, and it was unclear if we could avoid a government shut-down. 
I am happy to say today that we have 
completed our work, and we have done it in the traditional style of this insti-tution and also of the Appropriations Committee and by working on a bipar-tisan basis. The chairman of the com-mittee, the Senator from Mississippi, Mr. C
OCHRAN , and I worked across the 
aisle to get the job done. I thank him for the leadership he provided the com-mittee, for his professionalism, and for the ability and the fact that we could work, both he and I, together. I thank both of our staffs for working with ci-vility and candor. 
For the third year in a row, we left 
no appropriations bill behind. We nego-tiated and we compromised. We com-promised without capitulation of our principles, which has always been a strong tradition of the Appropriations Committee. 
As we bring this bill to the floor, I 
urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill. I want to do it on the basis of content and on the basis of merit. 
Now, I will tell you what this bill 
does. First of all, it does a lot to pro-tect the United States of America. We know that right now America feels on edge. We know our leadership needs to provide clarity, consistency, and speci-ficity, but most of all, we need to pro-vide the resources that our institutions need so they can protect our country. 
This bill provides $606 billion for the 
national defense of the United States of America and to support, train, and equip our troops; to deal with the new threats of biosecurity and the rising ef-forts of ISIL so we can follow through with our vow to defeat and destroy them. 
We have a must-do list to make sure 
our troops have the best weapons and know that the troops and families are supported. We looked out for their health care and Tricare, and we looked out for the food that they need to buy 
in their commissaries. 
We know that protecting America is 
not only accomplished in the Defense Department. It also lies in the impor-tant agencies that do the tough work. We have adequately capitalized the State Department and provided money for embassy security so we can protect our embassies and those who work with them abroad. We have also funded Homeland Security. We have approved close to $11 billion so that the Coast Guard can protect our ports and water-ways, and we have added $50 million in new grants to counter violent extre-mism. We also made sure that we have given TSA, or the Transportation Se-
curity Administration, the equipment and people it needs to protect travelers with all of the airport screeners that have been requested. At the same time, we have funded the FBI, which is doing such an able job of rooting out the ter-rorists, including the lone wolf threats that are emerging in our own country. 
I want to particularly do a shout-out 
to the FBI in the Baltimore district for uncovering a plot in our own home State of Maryland where someone was organizing and planning a lone wolf ef-fort. 
I also wish to thank my colleagues 
for what we did in the budget deal. This bill provides $65 billion more to meet our national security needs, sup-port compelling human needs, and pro-mote the middle class. We made sure we kept our promises to our veterans. We have a $1.3 billion increase for vet-erans health care to meet their health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.023 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8843 December 18, 2015 
needs, the educational needs we prom-
ised them, and to deal with this back-log of disability benefits. 
We are not only looking to the past, 
we are looking to the future. We have made robust funds available in our in-novation area, whether it was the De-partment of Energy or the National In-stitutes of Health, which is in my home State. On our committee and across the aisle—Senator P
ATTY MURRAY , the 
ranking member, and Senator R OY 
BLUNT , the chairman of the HHS com-
mittee—we renamed the National In-stitutes of Health the ‘‘National Insti-tutes of Hope’’ because of what it does to find the cures and the break-throughs for Alzheimer’s, on which we have almost doubled the research in order to break the code on how we can find a cure or a cognitive stretch-out. We have added $2 billion because we worked together, because we know that when we want to find the cure for can-cer, Alzheimer’s, autism, we need to be able to do that. 
We looked also at working out other 
compelling needs, such as Head Start, child care and development grants in which we have added more money, and we make the first payment to fund the programs for elementary, middle, and high school. 
We also meet the physical infrastruc-
ture needs, where we have increased our funding in the T-HUD bill for Tran-sit New Starts to $2.2 billion. 
We increased the funding for the 
HOME Program. Instead of cutting it by 90 percent, we increased it by $50 million, to $950 million. 
We have also looked out for our 
ports, creating jobs by keeping goods moving through the full funding of the harbor maintenance trust fund and the Army Corps of Engineers. 
This is about jobs. This isn’t about 
money; this is about jobs. In my own home State of Maryland, the Port of Baltimore is an incubator for jobs. It keeps people going, whether it is the people who work to bring the ships in, whether it is the longshoremen, the tugboat operators, or those who benefit from the goods and services coming into our port or leaving our port. It is the ports that create our jobs, and we in Maryland are ready for the new ships coming through the newly built Panama Canal. We know this is a big deal that could help our communities all over America if we invest in our ports. 
I know many of our colleagues also 
want to know about riders. We faced hundreds of policy riders, some of which were highly controversial. We did the best we could with them. But while everybody talks about one item or this item, I want to talk about some of the ones we were able to deal with. 
We prevented double-trailer trucks 
from taking over our highways. We protected women’s health against dev-astating riders. We also made sure those who regulate our financial insti-tutions so that we never have another meltdown like we had 8 years ago are taken care of, and we looked out for 
the environment. 
The appropriations bills are good 
bills, and I could go over more items, but I see that the chairman of the com-mittee is on the floor. I again reiterate my appreciation to Senator C
OCHRAN  
and his very able staff. 
I also want to comment about the 
other side of the dome. Working with Congressman H
ALROGERS , the chair-
man of the Appropriations Committee, and Ranking Member N
ITALOWEY has 
indeed been a very professional rela-tionship. I wish that now, with new leadership in the House, they could function like the Appropriations Com-mittee. Do we disagree? Yes. The Pre-siding Officer is a member of that com-mittee, and she knows we are ready to duke it out when we have to. But we put it all out on the table. We discuss it. We debate it. 
We had an open process with amend-
ments in our committee. We have worked to resolve conflict by actually meeting and discussing with each other. We need the same thing with our colleagues on the other side of the dome. That is what we mean when we say we want to get back to regular order. 
Thanks to the budget deal we have 
now, I do hope that next year we can bring bills up one at a time for debate, discussion, and amendment. I hope we can do that. But I also hope the tone of the Appropriations Committee is adopted. We can make sure we advo-cate for our States and for our view-points, but we can do it in a way that it gets done. 
I want to conclude by thanking my 
entire staff, Chuck Kieffer and Jean Toal Eisen, the staff on the other side of the dome, and all of those who worked for me. I want to recognize Shannon Kula and Rachel MacKnight, as well as Brigid Houton and Mara Stark Alcala and Jean Kwon. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Madam President, I 
am pleased to recommend approval of the Omnibus appropriations and tax re-lief bill that will soon be considered by the Senate. This bill is consistent with the Budget Act that was enacted in No-vember. It funds the operations of the Federal Government for the remainder of this fiscal year. It provides funding for the Department of Defense and the State Department, along with the FBI, Customs and Border Protection, and U.S. immigration enforcement provi-sions. It provides a $2 billion increase for the National Institutes of Health. It also funds improvements to our Na-tion’s water and surface transportation infrastructure. 
I deeply appreciate the good work 
and active leadership of our commit-tee’s vice chairwoman, the distin-guished Senator from Maryland. She has been a pleasure to work with. She has been very helpful in producing this bill. I also thank the very able staff mem-
bers of the committee who have been very diligent and professional through-out this process. They are a credit to the Senate. 
Madam President, I urge approval of 
the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— 
S. 145 
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 204, S. 145; that the bill be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST— 
S. 145, S. 403, S. 521, S. 593, S. 610, S. 873, S. 1103, S. 1104, S. 1240, S. 1305, AND S. 1483 
Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, re-
serving the right to object, the bill Senator F
LAKE is referring to, S. 145— 
a bill I support—is part of a package of 11 bills that have been approved by the Energy and Natural Resources Com-mittee known as the lands bills. By the way, of the 11 bills, 7 of the principal sponsors are Republican and 4 are Democrats. S. 403 by Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR is on that list, which includes 
the North Country National Scenic Trail; S. 521 that I introduced con-cerning the President’s Station in Bal-timore; S. 593 by Senator B
ARRASSO  
that includes the Bureau of Reclama-tion report on their infrastructure as-sets; S. 610 that I introduced dealing with P.S. 103, which is Thurgood Mar-shall Elementary School; S. 873 by the chair, Senator M
URKOWSKI , to des-
ignate wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve; two bills, S. 1103 and S. 1104, by Senator D
AINES extending deadlines; S. 1240 by 
Senator H EINRICH designating the 
Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio wilderness areas in New Mexico; S. 1305 by Senator B
ARRASSO concerning the 
Colorado River Storage Project Act; and, lastly, S. 1483 by Senator A
LEX-
ANDER that would direct a feasibility 
study for designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, TN, as a unit of the National Park System. 
So therefore I ask unanimous con-
sent that the request by Senator F
LAKE  
be modified so that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of the following calendar items en bloc: Cal-endar No. 204, S. 145; Calendar No. 205, S. 403; Calendar No. 206, S. 521; Cal-endar No. 208, S. 593; Calendar No. 209, S. 610; Calendar No. 211, S. 873; Cal-endar No. 212, S. 1103; Calendar No. 213, S. 1104; Calendar No. 214, S. 1240; Cal-endar No. 215, S. 1305; and Calendar No. 216, S. 1483; that the applicable com-mittee-reported amendments be agreed to, the bills, as amended, if amended, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.008 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8844 December 18, 2015 
be read a third time and passed, and 
the motions to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
That would be the list I just men-
tioned, the lands bills that have been reported out unanimously by the En-ergy and Natural Resources Com-mittee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Mr. FLAKE. I have no objection to 
the modification. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CRUZ. Madam President, reserv-
ing the right to object, as the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee is well aware, in July I told Sec-retary Kerry in a written letter that if the administration sent to the United Nations this catastrophic Iranian nu-clear deal before submitting it to the U.S. Congress, that the consequence would be that each and every political appointee to the State Department would be held. Secretary Kerry none-theless decided to disregard the con-tents of that letter, submitted it to the United Nations in derogation of U.S. sovereignty, and accordingly, I have been blocking those political nominees. 
Mr. CARDIN. Will the Senator yield 
for one moment? 
Mr. CRUZ. Yes. Mr. CARDIN. I think this request 
deals with the lands bills, not the polit-ical appointments. I just wanted to point that out. These are the bills that came out of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee that deal with designating certain lands. We will have a chance later on the nominations. 
Mr. CRUZ. Well, reserving the right 
to object to that one, I would simply say we were going to do both. I thought you were doing the first one, but you are doing the other. 
On that as well, in my view, there is 
far too much Federal land in the United States that is under the control of the Federal Government. I was just yesterday in the State of Nevada, where some 84 percent of the State of Nevada is controlled by the Federal Government. We do not need the Fed-eral Government becoming the largest landlord in the United States. There-fore, I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator so modify his request? 
Mr. FLAKE. Yes, I so modify. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion was heard to the modification. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest? 
Mr. CARDIN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The majority leader. 
f 
CONSOLIDATED APPROPRIATIONS 
ACT, 2016 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the message to accompany H.R. 2029. 
The Presiding Officer laid before the 
Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: Resolved , That the House agree to the 
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2029) entitled ‘‘An Act making appropria-tions for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes,’’ with amend-ments. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur 
in the House amendments to the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 2029. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Joint Ex-planatory Statement for Division M— Intelligence Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT TO 
ACCOMPANY THE INTELLIGENCE AU-THORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The following consists of the joint explana-
tory statement to accompany the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
This joint explanatory statement reflects 
the status of negotiations and disposition of issues reached between the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence (hereinafter, ‘‘the Agreement’’). The joint explanatory statement shall have the same effect with respect to the implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
The joint explanatory statement comprises 
three parts: an overview of the application of the annex to accompany this statement; un-classified congressional direction; and a sec-tion-by-section analysis of the legislative text. 
P
ARTI: APPLICATION OF THE CLASSIFIED  
ANNEX  
The classified nature of U.S. intelligence 
activities prevents the congressional intel-ligence committees from publicly disclosing many details concerning the conclusions and recommendations of the Agreement. There-fore, a classified Schedule of Authorizations and a classified annex have been prepared to describe in detail the scope and intent of the congressional intelligence committees’ ac-tions. The Agreement authorizes the Intel-ligence Community to obligate and expend funds not altered or modified by the classi-fied Schedule of Authorizations as requested in the President’s budget, subject to modi-fication under applicable reprogramming procedures. 
The classified annex is the result of nego-
tiations between the House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence and the Sen-ate Select Committee on Intelligence. It rec-onciles the differences between the commit-tees’ respective versions of the bill for the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Homeland Security Intelligence Program for Fiscal Year 2016. The Agreement also makes recommendations for the Military Intel-ligence Program (MIP), and the Information Systems Security Program, consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and provides certain direc-tion for these two programs. 
The Agreement supersedes the classified 
annexes to the reports accompanying H.R. 4127, as passed by the House on December 1, 2015, H.R. 2596, as passed by the House on June 16, 2015, and S. 1705, as reported by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on July 7, 2015. All references to the House- passed and Senate-reported annexes are sole-ly to identify the heritage of specific provi-
sions. 
The classified Schedule of Authorizations 
is incorporated into the bill pursuant to Sec-tion 102. It has the status of law. The classi-fied annex supplements and adds detail to clarify the authorization levels found in the bill and the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions. The classified annex shall have the same legal force as the report to accompany the bill. 
P
ARTII: S ELECT UNCLASSIFIED  
CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTION  
Enhancing Geographic and Demographic Diver-
sity 
The Agreement directs the Office of the Di-
rector for National Intelligence (ODNI) to conduct an awareness, outreach, and recruit-ment program to rural, under-represented colleges and universities that are not part of the IC Centers of Academic Excellence (IC CAE) program. Further, the Agreement di-rects that ODNI shall increase and formally track the number of competitive candidates for IC employment or internships who stud-ied at IC CAE schools and other scholarship programs supported by the IC. 
Additionally, the Agreement directs that 
ODNI, acting through the Executive Agent for the IC CAE program, the IC Chief Human Capital Officer, and the Chief, Office of IC Equal Opportunity & Diversity, as appro-priate, shall: 
1. Add a criterion to the IC CAE selection 
process that applicants must be part of a consortium or actively collaborate with under-resourced schools in their area; 
2. Work with CAE schools to reach out to 
rural and under-resourced schools, including by inviting such schools to participate in the annual IC CAE colloquium and IC recruit-ment events; 
3. Increase and formally track the number 
of competitive IC internship candidates from IC CAE schools, starting with Fiscal Year 2016 IC summer internships, and provide a re-port, within 180 days of the enactment of this Act, on its plan to do so; 
4. Develop metrics to ascertain whether IC 
CAE, the Pat Roberts Intelligence Scholars Program, the Louis Stokes Educational Scholarship Program, and the Intelligence Officer Training Program reach a diverse de-mographic and serve as feeders to the IC workforce; 
5. Include in the annual report on minority 
hiring and retention a breakdown of the stu-dents participating in these programs who serve as IC interns, applied for full-time IC employment, received offers of employment, and entered on duty in the IC; 
6. Conduct a feasibility study with nec-
essary funding levels regarding how the IC CAE could be better tailored to serve under- resourced schools, and provide such study to the congressional intelligence committees within 180 days of the enactment of this Act; 
7. Publicize all IC elements’ recruitment 
activities, including the new Applicant Gate-way and the IC Virtual Career Fair, to rural schools, Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, and other minority-serving institu-tions that have been contacted by IC recruit-ers; 
8. Contact new groups with the objective of 
expanding the IC Heritage Community Liai-son Council; and 
9. Ensure that IC elements add such activi-
ties listed above that may be appropriate to their recruitment plans for Fiscal Year 2016. 
ODNI shall provide an interim update to 
the congressional intelligence committees on its efforts within 90 days of the enact-ment of this Act and include final results in its annual report on minority hiring and re-tention. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.021 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8845 December 18, 2015 
Analytic Duplication & Improving Customer Im-
pact 
The congressional intelligence committees 
are concerned about potential duplication in finished analytic products. Specifically, the congressional intelligence committees are concerned that contemporaneous publication of substantially similar intelligence prod-ucts fosters confusion among intelligence customers (including those in Congress), im-pedes analytic coherence across the IC, and wastes time and effort. The congressional in-telligence committees value competitive analysis, but believe there is room to reduce duplicative analytic activity and improve customer impact. 
Therefore, the Agreement directs ODNI to 
pilot a repeatable methodology to evaluate potential duplication in finished intelligence analytic products and to report the findings to the congressional intelligence committees within 60 days of the enactment of this Act. In addition, the Agreement directs ODNI to report to the congressional intelligence com-mittees within 180 days of enactment of this Act on how it will revise analytic practice, tradecraft, and standards to ensure cus-tomers can clearly identify how products that are produced contemporaneously and cover similar topics differ from one another in their methodological, informational, or temporal aspects, and the significance of those differences. This report is not intended to cover operationally urgent analysis or current intelligence. 
Countering Violent Extremism and the Islamic 
State of Iraq and the Levant 
The Agreement directs ODNI, within 180 
days of enactment of this Act and in con-sultation with appropriate interagency part-ners, to brief the congressional intelligence committees on how intelligence agencies are supporting both (1) the Administration’s Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) pro-gram first detailed in the 2011 White House strategy Empowering Local Partners to Pre-vent Violent Extremism in the United States, which was expanded following the January 2015 White House Summit on Coun-tering Violent Extremism, and (2) the Ad-ministration’s Strategy to Counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which was announced in September 2014. 
Analytic Health Reports 
The Agreement directs the Defense Intel-
ligence Agency (DIA) to provide Analytic Health Reports to the congressional intel-ligence committees on a quarterly basis, in-cluding an update on the specific effect of analytic modernization on the health of the Defense Intelligence Analysis Program (DIAP) and its ability to reduce analytic risk. 
All-Source Analysis Standards 
The Agreement directs DIA to conduct a 
comprehensive evaluation of the Defense In-telligence Enterprise’s all-source analysis capability and production in Fiscal Year 2015. The evaluation should assess the ana-lytic output of both NIP and MW funded all- source analysts, separately and collectively, and apply the following four criteria identi-fied in the ODNI Strategic Evaluation Re-port for all-source analysis: 1) integrated, 2) objective, 3) timely, and 4) value-added. The results of this evaluation shall be included as part of the Fiscal Year 2017 congressional budget justification book. 
Terrorism Investigations 
The Agreement directs the Federal Bureau 
of Investigation (FBI) to submit to the con-gressional intelligence committees, within 180 days of enactment of this Act, a report detailing how FBI has allocated resources between domestic and foreign terrorist threats based on numbers of investigations 
over the past 5 years. The report should be submitted in unclassified form but may in-clude a classified annex. 
Investigations of Minors Involved in 
Radicalization 
The Agreement directs the FBI to provide 
a briefing to the congressional intelligence committees within 180 days of enactment of this Act on investigations in which minors are encouraged to turn away from violent ex-tremism rather than take actions that would lead to Federal terrorism indictments. This briefing should place these rates in the con-text of all investigations of minors for vio-lent extremist activity and should describe any FBI engagement with minors’ families, law enforcement, or other individuals or groups connected to the minor during or after investigations. 
Furthermore, the Agreement directs the 
FBI to include how often undercover agents pursue investigations based on a location of interest related to violent extremist activity compared to investigations of an individual or group believed to be engaged in such ac-tivity. Included should be the number of lo-cations of interest associated with a reli-gious group or entity. This briefing also should include trend analysis covering the last five years describing violent extremist activity in the U.S. 
Declassification Review of Video of the 2012 
Benghazi Terrorist Attacks 
Numerous investigations have been con-
ducted regarding the 2012 terrorist attack against U.S. facilities in Benghazi. The Sen-ate Select Committee on Intelligence pro-duced one of the first declassified Congres-sional reports and continues to believe that the public should have access to information about the attacks, so long as it does not jeopardize intelligence sources and methods. 
The closed circuit television videos from 
the Temporary Mission Facility (TMF) cap-tured some of the activity that took place at the State Department facility on September 11, 2012, and their release would contribute to the public’s understanding of the event without compromising sources or methods. 
Therefore, the Agreement directs the Di-
rector of National Intelligence, or the appro-priate federal official, to conduct a declas-sification review and to facilitate the release to the public of the declassified closed cir-cuit television videos of the September 11, 2012, terrorist attack on the TMF in Benghazi, Libya, consistent with the protec-tion of sources and methods, not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act. 
P
ARTIII: S ECTION -BY-SECTION ANALYSIS AND  
EXPLANATION OF LEGISLATIVE TEXT 
The following is a section-by-section anal-
ysis and explanation of the Intelligence Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
T
ITLE I—INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES  
Section 101. Authorization of appropriations 
Section 101 lists the United States Govern-
ment departments, agencies, and other ele-ments for which the Act authorizes appro-priations for intelligence and intelligence-re-lated activities for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Section 102. Classified Schedule of Authoriza-
tions 
Section 102 provides that the details of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties and the applicable personnel levels by program for Fiscal Year 2016 are contained in the classified Schedule of Authorizations and that the classified Schedule of Authoriza-tions shall be made available to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives and to the Presi-dent. Section 103. Personnel ceiling adjustments 
Section 103 is intended to provide addi-
tional flexibility to the Director of National Intelligence in managing the civilian per-sonnel of the Intelligence Community. Sec-tion 103 provides that the Director may au-thorize employment of civilian personnel in Fiscal Year 2016 in excess of the number of authorized positions by an amount not ex-ceeding three percent of the total limit ap-plicable to each Intelligence Community ele-ment under Section 102. The Director may do so only if necessary to the performance of important intelligence functions. 
Section 104. Intelligence Community Manage-
ment Account 
Section 104 authorizes appropriations for 
the Intelligence Community Management Account (ICMA) of the Director of National Intelligence and sets the authorized per-sonnel levels for the elements within the ICMA for Fiscal Year 2016. 
Section 105. Clarification regarding authority 
for flexible personnel management among elements of intelligence community 
Section 105 clarifies that certain Intel-
ligence Community elements may make hir-ing decisions based on the excepted service designation. 
T
ITLE II—C ENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYSTEM  
Section 201. Authorization of appropriations 
Section 201 authorizes appropriations in 
the amount of $514,000,000 for Fiscal Year 2016 for the Central Intelligence Agency Re-tirement and Disability Fund. 
T
ITLE III—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
Section 301. Increase in employee compensation 
and benefits authorized by law 
Section 301 provides that funds authorized 
to be appropriated by the Act for salary, pay, retirement, and other benefits for federal employees may be increased by such addi-tional or supplemental amounts as may be necessary for increases in compensation or benefits authorized by law. 
Section 302. Restriction on conduct of intel-
ligence activities 
Section 302 provides that the authorization 
of appropriations by the Act shall not be deemed to constitute authority for the con-duct of any intelligence activity that is not otherwise authorized by the Constitution or laws of the United States. 
Section 303. Provision of information and assist-
ance to Inspector General of the Intelligence Community 
Section 303 amends the National Security 
Act of 1947 to clarify the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community’s authority to seek information and assistance from fed-eral, state, and local agencies, or units thereof. 
Section 304. Inclusion of Inspector General of 
Intelligence Community in Council of In-spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency 
Section 304 amends Section 11(b)(1)(B) of 
the Inspector General Act of 1978 to reflect the correct name of the Office of the Inspec-tor General of the Intelligence Community. The section also clarifies that the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community is a member of the Council of the Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Efficiency. 
Section 305. Clarification of authority of Pri-
vacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board 
Section 305 amends the Intelligence Re-
form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (IRTPA) to clarify that nothing in the stat-ute authorizing the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board should be construed to allow that Board to gain access to infor-mation regarding an activity covered by sec-tion 503 of the National Security Act of 1947. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.007 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8846 December 18, 2015 
Section 306. Enhancing government personnel 
security programs 
Section 306 directs the Director of National 
Intelligence to develop and implement a plan for eliminating the backlog of overdue peri-odic investigations, and further requires the Director to direct each agency to implement a program to provide enhanced security re-view to individuals determined eligible for access to classified information or eligible to hold a sensitive position. 
These enhanced personnel security pro-
grams will integrate information relevant and appropriate for determining an individ-ual’s suitability for access to classified infor-mation or eligibility to hold a sensitive posi-tion; be conducted at least 2 times every 5 years; and commence not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act, or the elimination of the backlog of overdue periodic investigations, whichever occurs first. 
Section 307. Notification of changes to retention 
of call detail record policies 
Section 307 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to notify the congres-sional intelligence committees in writing not later than 15 days after learning that an electronic communication service provider that generates call detail records in the ordi-
nary course of business has changed its pol-icy on the retention of such call details records to result in a retention period of less than 18 months. Section 307 further requires the Director to submit to the congressional intelligence committees within 30 days of en-actment a report identifying each electronic communication service provider (if any) that has a current policy in place to retain call detail records for 18 months or less. 
Section 308. Personnel information notification 
policy by the Director of National Intel-ligence 
Section 308 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to establish a policy to ensure timely notification to the congres-sional intelligence committees of the identi-ties of individuals occupying senior level po-sitions within the Intelligence Community. 
Section 309. Designation of lead intelligence of-
ficer for tunnels 
Section 309 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to designate an official to manage the collection and analysis of intel-ligence regarding the tactical use of tunnels by state and nonstate actors. 
Section 310. Reporting process for tracking 
country clearance requests 
Section 310 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to establish a formal re-porting process for tracking requests for country clearance submitted to overseas Di-rector of National Intelligence representa-tives. Section 310 also requires the Director to brief the congressional intelligence com-mittees on its progress. 
Section 311. Study on reduction of analytic du-
plication 
Section 311 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to carry out a study to identify duplicative analytic products and the reasons for such duplication, ascertain the frequency and types of such duplication, and determine whether this review should be considered a part of the responsibilities as-signed to the Analytic Integrity and Stand-ards office inside the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. Section 311 also re-quires the Director to provide a plan for re-vising analytic practice, tradecraft, and standards to ensure customers are able to readily identify how analytic products on similar topics that are produced contem-poraneously differ from one another and what is the significance of those differences. Section 312. Strategy for comprehensive inter-
agency review of the United States national security overhead satellite architecture 
Section 312 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in collaboration with the Secretary of Defense, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a strat-egy, with milestones and benchmarks, to en-sure that there is a comprehensive inter-agency review of policies and practices for planning and acquiring national security satellite systems and architectures, includ-ing the capabilities of commercial systems and partner countries, consistent with the National Space Policy issued on June 28, 2010. Where applicable, this strategy shall ac-count for the unique missions and authori-ties vested in the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community. 
Section 313. Cyber attack standards of measure-
ment study 
Section 313 directs the Director of National 
Intelligence, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Secretary of Defense, to carry out a study to determine the appropriate standards to measure the damage of cyber incidents. 
T
ITLE IV—M ATTERS RELATING TO ELEMENTS  
OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY  
SUBTITLE A —OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF  
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE  
Section 401. Appointment and confirmation of 
the National Counterintelligence Executive 
Section 401 makes subject to Presidential 
appointment and Senate confirmation, the executive branch position of National Coun-terintelligence Executive (NCIX), which was created by the 2002 Counterintelligence En-hancement Act. Effective December 2014, the NCIX was also dual-hatted as the Director of the National Counterintelligence and Secu-rity Center. 
Section 402. Technical amendments relating to 
pay under title 5, United States Code 
Section 402 amends 5 U.S.C. §5102(a)(1) to 
expressly exclude the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) from the provisions of chapter 51 of title 5, relating to position classification, pay, and allowances for General Schedule employees, which does not apply to ODNI by virtue of the National Security Act. This proposal would have no substantive effect. 
Section 403. Analytic Objectivity Review 
The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence’s Analytic Integrity and Stand-ards (AIS) office was established in response to the requirement in the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (IRTPA) for the designation of an entity re-sponsible for ensuring that the Intelligence Community’s finished intelligence products are timely, objective, independent of polit-ical considerations, based upon all sources of available intelligence, and demonstrative of the standards of proper analytic tradecraft. 
Consistent with responsibilities prescribed 
under IRTPA, Section 403 requires the AIS Chief to conduct a review of finished intel-ligence products produced by the CIA to as-sess whether the reorganization of the Agen-cy, announced publicly on March 6, 2015, has resulted in any loss of analytic objectivity. The report is due no later than March 6, 2017. 
SUBTITLE B —CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
AND OTHER ELEMENTS  
Section 411. Authorities of the Inspector General 
for the Central Intelligence Agency 
Section 411 amends Section 17 of the Cen-
tral Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 to con-solidate the Inspector General’s personnel authorities and to provide the Inspector Gen-eral with the same authorities as other In-spectors General to request assistance and 
information from federal, state, and local agencies or units thereof. 
Section 412. Prior congressional notification of 
transfers of funds for certain intelligence activities 
Section 412 requires notification to the 
congressional intelligence committees before transferring funds from the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund or the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund that are to be used for intelligence activities. 
T
ITLE V—M ATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN  
COUNTRIES  
SUBTITLE A —MATTERS RELATING TO RUSSIA  
Section 501. Notice of deployment or transfer of 
Club-K container missile system by the Rus-sian Federation 
Section 501 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit written notice to the appropriate congressional committees if the Intelligence Community receives intel-ligence that the Russian Federation has de-ployed, or is about to deploy, the Club-K con-tainer missile system through the Russian military, or transferred or sold, or intends to transfer or sell, such system to another state or non-state actor. 
Section 502. Assessment on funding of political 
parties and nongovernmental organizations by the Russian Federation 
Section 502 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit an Intelligence Community assessment to the appropriate congressional committees concerning the funding of political parties and nongovern-mental organizations in the former Soviet States and Europe by the Russian Security Services since January 1, 2006, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act. 
Section 503. Assessment on the use of political 
assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation 
Section 503 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit an Intelligence Community assessment concerning the use of political assassinations as a form of statecraft by the Russian Federation to the appropriate congressional committees, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act. 
SUBTITLE B —MATTERS RELATING TO OTHER  
COUNTRIES  
Section 511. Report of resources and collection 
posture with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea 
Section 511 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit to the appro-priate congressional committees an Intel-ligence Community assessment on Intel-ligence Community resourcing and collec-tion posture with regard to the South China Sea and East China Sea, not later than 180 days after the enactment of the Fiscal Year 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act. 
Section 512. Use of locally employed staff serv-
ing at a United States diplomatic facility in Cuba 
Section 512 requires the Secretary of State, 
not later than 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, to ensure that key su-pervisory positions at a United States diplo-matic facility in Cuba are occupied by citi-zens of the United States who have passed a thorough background check. Further, not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the provision requires the Secretary of State, in coordination with other appropriate government agencies, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to further reduce the reli-ance on locally employed staff in United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.008 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8847 December 18, 2015 
States diplomatic facilities in Cuba. The 
plan shall, at a minimum, include cost esti-mates, timelines, and numbers of employees to be replaced. 
Section 513. Inclusion of sensitive compart-
mented information facilities in United States diplomatic facilities in Cuba 
Section 513 requires that each United 
States diplomatic facility in Cuba—in which classified information will be processed or in which classified communications occur— that is constructed, or undergoes a construc-tion upgrade, be constructed to include a sensitive compartmented information facil-ity. 
Section 514. Report on use by Iran of funds 
made available through sanctions relief 
Section 514 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port assessing the monetary value of any di-rect or indirect form of sanctions relief Iran has received since the Joint Plan of Action (JPGA) entered into effect, and how Iran has used funds made available through such sanctions relief. This report shall be sub-mitted every 180 days while the JPOA is in effect, and not later than 1 year after an agreement relating to Iran’s nuclear pro-gram takes effect, and annually thereafter while that agreement remains in effect. 
T
ITLE VI—M ATTERS RELATING TO UNITED  
STATES NAVAL STATION , GUANTANAMO BAY, 
CUBA 
Section 601. Prohibition on use of funds for 
transfer or release of individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States 
Section 601 states that no amounts author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to transfer or re-lease individuals detained at Guantanamo Bay to or within the United States, its terri-tories, or possessions. 
Section 602. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
Section 602 states that no amounts author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to construct or modify facilities in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house detainees transferred from Guantanamo Bay. 
Section 603. Prohibition on use of funds for 
transfer or release to certain countries of in-dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
Section 603 states that no amounts author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to an element of the Intelligence Community may be used to transfer or re-lease an individual detained at Guantanamo Bay to the custody or control of any coun-try, or any entity within such country, as follows: Libya, Somalia, Syria, or Yemen. 
T
ITLE VII—R EPORTS AND OTHER MATTERS  
SUBTITLE A —REPORTS  
Section 701. Repeal of certain reporting require-
ments 
Section 701 repeals certain reporting re-
quirements. 
Section 702. Reports on foreign fighters 
Section 702 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit a report every 60 days for the three years following the en-actment of this Act to the congressional in-telligence committees on foreign fighter flows to and from Syria and Iraq. Section 702 requires information on the total number of 
foreign fighters who have traveled to Syria or Iraq, the total number of United States persons who have traveled or attempted to travel to Syria or Iraq, the total number of foreign fighters in Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, the total number of foreign fighters who have been processed with biometrics, any programmatic updates to the foreign fighter report, and a world-wide graphic that describes foreign fighter flows to and from Syria. 
Section 703. Report on strategy, efforts, and re-
sources to detect, deter, and degrade Islamic State revenue mechanisms 
Section 703 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit a report on the strategy, efforts, and resources of the Intel-ligence Community that are necessary to de-tect, deter, and degrade the revenue mecha-nisms of the Islamic State. 
Section 704. Report on United States counterter-
rorism strategy to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat the Islamic State, al-Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups, associated groups, and adherents 
Section 704 requires the President to sub-
mit to the appropriated congressional com-mittees a comprehensive report on the counterterrorism strategy to disrupt, dis-mantle, and defeat the Islamic State, al- Qa’ida, and their affiliated groups associated groups, and adherents. 
Section 705. Report on effects of data breach of 
Office of Personnel Management 
Section 705 requires the President to trans-
mit to the congressional intelligence com-munities a report on the data breach of the Office of Personnel Management. Section 705 requires information on the impact of the breach on Intelligence Community oper-ations abroad, in addition to an assessment of how foreign persons, groups, or countries may use data collected by the breach and what Federal Government agencies use best practices to protect sensitive data. 
Section 706. Report on hiring of graduates of 
Cyber Corps Scholarship Program by intel-ligence community 
Section 706 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report on the employment by the Intelligence Commu-nity of graduates of the Cyber Corps Scholar-ship Program. Section 706 requires informa-tion on the number of graduates hired by each element of the Intelligence Community, the recruitment process for each element of the Intelligence Community, and the Direc-tor recommendations for improving the hir-ing process. 
Section 707. Report on use of certain business 
concerns 
Section 707 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence to submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees a report of covered business concerns—including minor-ity-owned, women-owned, small disadvan-taged, service-enabled veteran-owned, and veteran-owned small businesses—among con-tractors that are awarded contracts by the Intelligence Community for goods, equip-ment, tools and services. 
SUBTITLE B —OTHER MATTERS  
Section 711. Use of homeland security grant 
funds in conjunction with Department of Energy national laboratories 
Section 711 amends Section 2008(a) of the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to clarify that the Department of Energy’s national laboratories may seek access to homeland security grant funds. Section 712. Inclusion of certain minority-serv-
ing institutions in grant program to en-hance recruiting of intelligence community workforce 
Section 712 amends the National Security 
Act of 1947 to include certain minority-serv-ing institutions in the intelligence officer training programs established under Section 1024 of the Act. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Joint Ex-planatory Statement for Division N— Cybersecurity Act of 2015 be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT TO 
ACCOMPANY THE CYBERSECURITY ACT OF 2015 
The following consists of the joint explana-
tory statement to accompany the Cybersecu-rity Act of 2015. 
This joint explanatory statement reflects 
the status of negotiations and disposition of issues reached between the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, the House Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Senate Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs, and the House Committee on Homeland Security. The joint explanatory statement shall have the same effect with respect to the imple-mentation of this Act as if it were a joint ex-planatory statement of a committee of con-ference. 
The joint explanatory statement comprises 
an overview of the bill’s background and ob-jectives, and a section-by-section analysis of the legislative text. 
P
ARTI: BACKGROUND AND NEED FOR  
LEGISLATION  
Cybersecurity threats continue to affect 
our nation’s security and its economy, as losses to consumers, businesses, and the gov-ernment from cyber attacks, penetrations, and disruptions total billions of dollars. This legislation is designed to create a voluntary cybersecurity information sharing process that will encourage public and private sector entities to share cyber threat information, without legal barriers and the threat of un-founded litigation—while protecting private information. This in turn should foster greater cooperation and collaboration in the face of growing cybersecurity threats to na-tional and economic security. 
This legislation also includes provisions to 
improve Federal network and information system security, provide assessments on the Federal cybersecurity workforce, and pro-vide reporting and strategies on cybersecu-rity industry-related and criminal-related matters. The increased information sharing enabled by this bill is a critical step toward improving cybersecurity in America. 
P
ARTII: S ECTION -BY-SECTION ANALYSIS AND  
EXPLANATION OF LEGISLATIVE TEXT 
The following is a section-by-section anal-
ysis and explanation of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015. 
T
ITLE I—C YBERSECURITY INFORMATION  
SHARING  
Section 101. Short title. 
Section 101 states that Title I may be cited 
as the ‘‘Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015.’’ 
Section 102. Definitions. 
Section 102 defines for purposes of this 
title key terms such as ‘‘cybersecurity pur-pose,’’ ‘‘cybersecurity threat,’’ ‘‘cyber threat indicator,’’ ‘‘defensive measure,’’ and ‘‘mon-itor.’’ The definition of ‘‘cybersecurity pur-pose’’ is meant to include a broad range of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.009 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8848 December 18, 2015 
activities taken to protect information and 
information systems from cybersecurity threats. The authorizations under this Act are tied to conduct undertaken for a ‘‘cyber-security purpose,’’ which both clarifies their scope and ensures that the authorizations cover activities that can be performed in conjunction with one another. For instance, a private entity conducting monitoring ac-tivities to determine whether it should use an authorized ‘‘defensive measure’’ would be monitoring for a ‘‘cybersecurity purpose.’’ Significantly, the authorization for ‘‘defen-sive measures’’ does not include activities that are generally considered ‘‘offensive’’ in nature, such as unauthorized access of, or execution of computer code on, another enti-ty’s information systems, such as ‘‘hacking back’’ activities, or any actions that would substantially harm another private entity’s information systems, such as violations of section 1030, of title 18, United States Code. 
Section 103. Sharing of information by the Fed-
eral Government. 
Section 103 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, the Secretary of Home-land Security, the Secretary of Defense, and the Attorney General to jointly develop and issue procedures for the timely sharing of classified and unclassified cyber threat indi-cators and defensive measures (hereinafter referenced collectively in this joint explana-tory statement as, ‘‘cyber threat informa-tion’’) with relevant entities. 
These procedures must also ensure the 
Federal Government maintains: a real-time sharing capability; a process for notifying entities that have received cyber threat in-formation in error; protections against unau-thorized access; and procedures to review and remove, prior to sharing cyber threat in-formation, any information not directly re-lated to a cybersecurity threat known at the time of sharing to be personal information of a specific individual or that identifies a spe-cific individual, or to implement a technical capability to do the same. These procedures must be developed in consultation with ap-propriate Federal entities, including the Small Business Administration and the Na-tional Laboratories. 
Section 104. Authorizations for preventing, de-
tecting, analyzing, and mitigating cyberse-curity threats. 
Section 104 authorizes private entities to 
monitor their information systems, operate defensive measures, and share and receive cyber threat information. Private entities must, prior to sharing cyber threat informa-tion, review and remove any information not directly related to a cybersecurity threat known at the time of sharing to be personal information of a specific individual or that identifies a specific individual, or to imple-ment and utilize a technical capability to do the same. 
Section 104 permits non-Federal entities to 
use cyber threat information for cybersecu-rity purposes, to monitor, or to operate de-fensive measures on their information sys-tems or on those of another entity (upon written consent). Cyber threat information shared by an entity with a State, tribal, or local department or agency may be used for the purpose of preventing, investigating, or prosecuting any of the offenses described in Section 105, below. Cyber threat information is exempt from disclosure under any State, tribal, local, or freedom of information or similar law. 
Section 104 further provides that two or 
more private entities are not in violation of antitrust laws for exchanging or providing cyber threat information, or for assisting with the prevention, investigation, or miti-gation of a cybersecurity threat. Section 105. Sharing of cyber threat indicators 
and defensive measures with the Federal Government. 
Section 105 directs the Attorney General 
and Secretary of Homeland Security to jointly develop policies and procedures to govern how the Federal Government shares information about cyber threats, including via an automated real-time process that al-lows for information systems to exchange identified cyber threat information without manual efforts, subject to limited exceptions that must be agreed upon in advance. Sec-tion 105 also directs the Attorney General and Secretary of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with heads of appropriate Federal entities and in consultation with certain pri-vacy officials and relevant private entities, to jointly issue and make publicly available final privacy and civil liberties guidelines for Federal entity-based cyber information shar-ing. 
Section 105 directs the Secretary of Home-
land Security, in coordination with heads of appropriate Federal entities, to develop, im-plement, and certify the capability and proc-ess through which the Federal Government receives cyber threat information shared by a non-Federal entity with the Federal Gov-ernment. This section also provides the President with the authority to designate an appropriate Federal entity, other than the Department of Defense (including the Na-tional Security Agency), to develop and im-plement an additional capability and process following a certification and explanation to Congress, as described in this section. The capability and process at the Department of Homeland Security, or at any additional ap-propriate Federal entity designated by the President, does not prohibit otherwise lawful disclosures of information related to crimi-nal activities, Federal investigations, or statutorily or contractually required disclo-sures. However, this section does not pre-clude the Department of Defense, including the National Security Agency from assisting in the development and implementation of a capability and process established consistent with this title. It also shall not be read to preclude any department or agency from re-questing technical assistance or staffing a request for technical assistance. 
Section 105 further provides that cyber 
threat information shared with the Federal Government does not waive any privilege or protection, may be deemed proprietary infor-mation by the originating entity, and is ex-empt from certain disclosure laws. Cyber threat information may be used by the Fed-eral government for: cybersecurity purposes; identifying a cybersecurity threat or vulner-ability; responding to, preventing, or miti-gating a specific threat of death, a specific threat of serious bodily harm, or a specific threat of serious economic harm, including a terrorist act or a use of a weapon of mass de-struction; responding to, investigating, pros-ecuting, preventing, or mitigating a serious threat to a minor; or preventing, inves-tigating, disrupting, or prosecuting an of-fense arising out of certain cyber-related criminal activities. 
Finally, Section 105 provides that cyber 
threat information shared with the Federal Government shall not be used by any Fed-eral, State, tribal, or local government to regulate non-Federal entities’ lawful activi-ties. 
Section 106. Protection from liability. 
Section 106 provides liability protection 
for private entities that monitor, share, or receive cyber threat information in accord-ance with Title I, notwithstanding any other provision of Federal, State, local, or tribal law. Section 106 further clarifies that noth-ing in Title I creates a duty to share cyber threat information or a duty to warn or act 
based on receiving cyber threat information. At the same time, nothing in Title I broad-ens, narrows, or otherwise affects any exist-ing duties that might be imposed by other law; Title I also does not limit any common law or statutory defenses. 
Section 107. Oversight of Government activities. 
Section 107 requires reports and rec-
ommendations on implementation, compli-ance, and privacy assessments by agency heads, Inspectors General, and the Comp-troller General of the United States, to en-sure that cyber threat information is prop-erly received, handled, and shared by the Federal Government. 
Section 108. Construction and preemption. 
Section 108 contains Title I construction 
provisions regarding lawful disclosures; whistleblower protections; protection of sources and methods; relationship to other laws; prohibited conduct, such as anti-com-petitive activities; information sharing rela-tionships; preservation of contractual rights and obligations; anti-tasking restrictions, including conditions on cyber threat infor-mation sharing; information use and reten-tion; Federal preemption of State laws that restrict or regulate Title I activities, exclud-ing those concerning the use of authorized law enforcement practices and procedures; regulatory authorities; the Secretary of De-fense’s authorities to conduct certain cyber operations; and Constitutional protections in criminal prosecutions. 
Section 109. Report on cybersecurity threats. 
Section 109 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence, with the heads of other appropriate Intelligence Community ele-ments, to submit a report to the congres-sional intelligence committees on cybersecu-rity threats, including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
Section 110. Exception to limitation on authority 
of Secretary of Deftnse to disseminate cer-tain information. 
Section 110 clarifies that, notwithstanding 
Section 393(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may author-ize the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures pursuant to the policies, procedures, and guidelines developed or issued under this title. 
Section 111. Effective period. 
Section 111 establishes Title I and the 
amendments therein are effective during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2025. The provisions of Title I will remain in effect however, for action authorized by Title I or information obtained pursuant to action au-thorized by Title I, prior to September 30, 2025. 
T
ITLE II—N ATIONAL CYBERSECURITY  
ADVANCEMENT  
SUBTITLE A —NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY AND  
COMMUNICATIONS INTEGRATION CENTER  
Section 201. Short title. 
Section 201 establishes that Title II, Sub-
title A may be cited as the ‘‘National Cyber-security Protection Advancement Act of 2015’’. 
Section 202. Definitions. 
Section 202 defines for purposes of Title II, 
Subtitle A, the terms ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees,’’ ‘‘cybersecurity risk,’’ ‘‘incident,’’ ‘‘cyber threat indicator,’’ ‘‘defen-sive measure,’’ ‘‘Department,’’ and ‘‘Sec-retary.’’ 
Section 203. Information sharing structure and 
processes. 
Section 203 enhances the functions of the 
Department of Homeland Security’s Na-tional Cybersecurity and Communications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.024 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8849 December 18, 2015 
Integration Center, established in section 227 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (redes-ignated by this Act). It designates the Center as a Federal civilian interface for multi-di-rectional and cross-sector information shar-
ing related to cybersecurity risks, incidents, analysis and warnings for Federal and non- Federal entities, including the implementa-tion of Title I of this Act. This section re-quires the Center to engage with inter-national partners; conduct information shar-ing with Federal and non-Federal entities; participate in national exercises; and assess and evaluate consequence, vulnerability and threat information regarding cyber incidents to public safety communications. Addition-ally, this section requires the Center to col-laborate with state and local governments on cybersecurity risks and incidents. The Center will comply with all policies, regula-tions, and laws that protect the privacy and civil liberties of United States persons, in-cluding by working with the Privacy Officer to ensure the Center follows the privacy poli-cies and procedures established by title I of this Act. 
Section 203 requires the Department of 
Homeland Security, in coordination with in-dustry and other stakeholders, to develop an automated capability for the timely sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures. It is critical for the Department to develop an automated system and sup-porting processes for the Center to dissemi-nate cyber threat indicators and defensive measures in a timely manner. 
This section permits the Center to enter 
into voluntary information sharing relation-ships with any consenting non-Federal enti-ty for the sharing of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and information for cy-bersecurity purposes. This section is in-tended to provide the Department of Home-land Security additional options to enter into streamlined voluntary information sharing agreements. This section allows the Center to utilize standard and negotiated agreements as the types of agreements that non-Federal entities may enter into with the Center. However, it makes clear that agree-ments are not limited to just these types, and preexisting agreements between the Cen-ter and the non-Federal entity will be in compliance with this section. 
Section 203 requires the Director of the 
Center to report directly to the Secretary for significant cybersecurity risks and inci-dents. This section requires the Secretary to submit to Congress a report on the range of efforts underway to bolster cybersecurity collaboration with international partners. Section 203 allows the Secretary to develop and adhere to Department policies and pro-cedures for coordinating vulnerability dis-closures. 
Section 204. Information sharing and analysis 
organizations. 
Section 204 amends Section 212 of the 
Homeland Security Act to clarify the func-tions of Information Sharing and Analysis Organizations (ISAOs) to include cybersecu-rity risk and incident information beyond that pertaining to critical infrastructure. ISAOs, including Information Sharing and Analysis Centers (ISAOs) have an important role to play in facilitating information shar-ing going forward and has clarified their functions as defined in the Homeland Secu-rity Act. 
Section 205. National response framework. 
Section 205 amends the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 to require the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, with proper coordination, to regularly update the Cyber Incident Annex to the National Re-sponse Framework of the Department of Homeland Security. Section 206. Report on reducing cybersecurity 
risks in DHS data centers. 
Section 206 requires the Secretary of the 
Department of Homeland Security to submit a report to Congress not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act on the feasibility of using compartmentalization between systems to create conditions conducive to reduced cy-bersecurity risks in data centers. 
Section 207. Assessment. 
Section 207 requires the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act to submit a report on the implementation of Title II, including increases in the sharing of cyber threat indicators at the National Cy-bersecurity and Communications Integration Center and throughout the United States. 
Section 208. Multiple simultaneous cyber inci-
dents at critical infrastructure. 
Section 208 requires the appropriate De-
partment of Homeland Security Under Sec-retary to draft and submit to Congress not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act a report on the feasibility of pro-ducing a risk-informed plan to address the risks of multiple simultaneous cyber inci-dents affecting critical infrastructure as well as cascade effects. 
Section 209. Report on cybersecurity 
vulnerabilities of United States ports. 
Section 209 requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act to submit to Congress a report on the vulner-ability of United States ports to cybersecu-rity incidents, as well as potential mitiga-tions. 
Section 210. Prohibition on new regulatory au-
thority. 
Section 210 clarifies that the Secretary of 
Homeland Security does not gain any addi-tional regulatory authorities in this subtitle. 
Section 211. Termination of reporting require-
ments. 
Section 211 adds a 7-year sunset on the re-
porting requirements in Title II, Subtitle A. 
SUBTITLE B —FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY  
ENHANCEMENT  
Section 221. Short title. 
Section 221 establishes that Title II, Sub-
title B may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Cyberse-curity Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
Section 222. Definitions. 
Section 222 defines for purposes of Title II, 
Subtitle B, the terms ‘‘agency,’’ ‘‘agency in-formation system,’’ ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committees,’’ ‘‘cybersecurity risk,’’ ‘‘information system,’’ ‘‘Director,’’ ‘‘intel-ligence community,’’ ‘‘national security sys-tem,’’ and ‘‘Secretary.’’ 
Section 223. Improved Federal network security. 
Section 223 amends the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 by amending Section 228, as re-designated, to require an intrusion assess-ment plan for Federal agencies and adding a Section 230 to authorize a federal intrusion detection and prevention capabilities’’ for Federal agencies. 
Section 230 of the Homeland Security Act 
of 2002, as added by Section 223(a) of the bill, authorizes the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to employ the Department’s intrusion detection and intrusion prevention capabili-ties, operationally implemented under the ‘‘EINSTEIN’’ programs, to scan agencies’ network traffic for malicious activity and block it. The Secretary and agencies with sensitive data are expected to confer regard-ing the sensitivity of, and statutory protec-tions otherwise applicable to, information on agency information systems. The Secretary is expected to ensure that the policies and 
procedures developed under section 230 ap-propriately restrict and limit Department access, use, retention, and handling of such information to protect the privacy and con-fidentiality of such information, including ensuring that the Department protects such sensitive data from disclosure, and trains ap-propriate staff accordingly. 
Section 223(b) mandates that agencies de-
ploy and adopt those capabilities within one year for all network traffic traveling to or from each information system owned or op-erated by the agency, or two months after the capabilities are first made available to the agency, whichever is later. The sub-section also requires that agencies adopt im-provements added to the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities six months after they are made available. Improvements is in-tended to be read broadly to describe expan-sion of the capabilities, new systems, and added technologies, for example: non-signa-ture based detection systems such as heuristic- and behavior-based detection, new countermeasures to block malicious traffic beyond e-mail filtering and Domain Name System (DNS)-sinkholing, and scanning techniques that allow scanning of encrypted traffic. 
Section 224. Advanced internal defenses. 
Section 224 directs the Secretary of Home-
land Security to add advanced network secu-rity tools to the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation program; develop and implement a plan to ensure agency use of advanced net-work security tools; and, with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, prioritize advanced security tools and update metrics used to measure security under the Federal Information Security Management Act of 2002. 
Section 225. Federal cybersecurity requirements. 
Section 225 adds a statutory requirement 
for the head of each agency not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act to implement several standards on their networks to include identification of sen-sitive and mission critical data, use of encryption, and multi-factor authentication. 
Section 226. Assessment; reports. 
Section 226 includes a requirement for a 
Government Accountability Office study to be conducted on the effectiveness of this ap-proach and strategy. It also requires reports from the Department of Homeland Security, Federal Chief Information Officer, and the Office of Management and Budget. Required reporting includes an annual report from the Department of Homeland Security on the ef-fectiveness and privacy controls of the intru-sion detection and prevention capabilities; information on adoption of the intrusion de-tection and capabilities at agencies in the Office of Management and Budget’s annual Federal Information Security Management Act report; an assessment by the Federal Chief Information Officer within two years of enactment as to continued value of the in-trusion detection and prevention capabili-ties; and a Government Accountability re-port in three years on the effectiveness of Federal agencies’ approach to securing agen-cy information systems. 
Section 227. Termination. 
Section 227 creates a 7-year sunset for the 
authorization of the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities in Section 230 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by Section 223(a). 
Section 228. Identification of information sys-
tems relating to national security. 
Section 228 requires the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence and the Director of the Office of Management, in coordination with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.025 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8850 December 18, 2015 
other agencies, not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act to identify unclassified information systems that could reveal classified information, and submit a report assessing the risks associated with a breach of such systems and the costs and im-pact to designate such systems as national security systems. 
Section 229. Direction to agencies. 
Section 229 authorizes the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to issue an emergency di-rective to the head of an agency to take any lawful action with respect to the operation of an information system for the purpose of protecting such system from an information security threat. In situations in which the Secretary has determined there is an immi-nent threat to an agency, the Secretary may authorize the use of intrusion detection and prevention capabilities in accordance with established procedures, including notice to the affected agency. 
T
ITLE III—F EDERAL CYBERSECURITY  
WORKFORCE ASSESSMENT  
Section 301. Short title. 
Section 301 establishes Title III may be 
cited as the ‘‘Federal Cybersecurity Work-force Assessment Act of 2015’’. 
Section 302. Definitions. 
Section 302 defines for purposes of Title III 
the terms ‘‘appropriate congressional com-mittees,’’ ‘‘Director,’’ ‘‘National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education,’’ and ‘‘work roles.’’ 
Section 303. National cybersecurity workforce 
measurement initiative. 
Section 303 requires the head of each Fed-
eral agency to identify all positions within the agency that require the performance of cybersecurity or other cyber-related func-tions, and report the percentage of personnel in such positions holding the appropriate certifications, the level of preparedness of personnel without certifications to take cer-tification exams, and a strategy for miti-gating any identified certification and train-ing gaps. 
Section 304. Identification of cyber-related work 
roles of critical need 
Section 304 requires the head of each Fed-
eral agency to identify information tech-
nology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-related roles of critical need in the agency’s work-force, and substantiate as such in a report to the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. Section 304 also requires the Direc-tor of the Office of Personnel Management to submit a subsequent report not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, on critical needs for information tech-nology, cybersecurity, or other cyber-related workforce across all Federal agencies, and the implementation of this section. 
Section 305. Government Accountability Office 
status reports. 
Section 305 requires the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States to analyze and monitor the implementation of sections 303 and 304 and not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act submit a report on the status of such implementation. 
T
ITLE IV—O THER CYBER MATTERS  
Section 401. Study on mobile device security. 
Section 401 requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act to conduct a study on threats relating to the security of the mobile devices used by the Federal Government, and submit a report de-tailing the findings and recommendations arising from such study. 
Section 402. Department of State international 
cyberspace policy strategy. 
Section 402 requires the Secretary of State 
not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act to produce a com-
prehensive strategy relating to United States international policy with regard to cyberspace, to include a review of actions taken by the Secretary of State in support of the President’s International Strategy for Cyberspace and a description of threats to United States national security in cyber-space. 
Section 403. Apprehension and prosecution of 
international cyber criminals. 
Section 403 requires the Secretary of State, 
or a designee, to consult with countries in which international cyber criminals are physically present and extradition to the United States is unlikely, to determine what efforts the foreign country has taken to ap-prehend, prosecute, or otherwise prevent the carrying out of cybercrimes against United States persons or interests. Section 403 fur-ther requires an annual report that includes statistics and extradition status about such international cyber criminals. 
Section 404. Enhancement of emergency services. 
Section 404 requires the Secretary of 
Homeland Security not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act to establish a process by which a Statewide Interoperability Coordinator may report data on any cybersecurity risk or incident involving any information system or net-work used by emergency response providers within the state. Reported data will be ana-lyzed and used in developing information and recommendations on security and resilience on measures for information systems and networks used by state emergency response providers. 
Section 405. Improving cybersecurity in the 
health care industry. 
Section 405 requires the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to establish a task force and not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the task force to sub-mit a report on the Department of Health and Human Services and the health care in-dustry’s preparedness to respond to cyberse-curity threats. In support of the report, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will convene health care industry stakeholders, cybersecurity experts, and other appropriate entities, to establish a task force for ana-lyzing and disseminating information on in-dustry-specific cybersecurity challenges and solutions. 
Consistent with subsection (e), it is 
Congress’s intention to allow Health and Human Services the flexibility to leverage and incorporate ongoing activities as of the day before the date of enactment of this act to accomplish the goals set forth for this task force. 
Section 406. Federal computer security. 
Section 406 requires the Inspector General 
of any agency operating a national security system, or a Federal computer system that provides access to personally identifiable in-formation, not later than 240 days after the date of enactment of this Act to submit a re-port regarding the federal computer systems of such agency, to include information on the standards and processes for granting or denying specific requests to obtain and use information and related information proc-essing services, and a description of the data security management practices used by the agency. 
Section 407. Stopping the fraudulent sale of fi-
nancial information of people of the United States. 
Section 407 amends 18 U.S. Code §1029 by 
enabling the Federal Government to pros-ecute overseas criminals who profit from fi-nancial information that has been stolen from Americans. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, the 
bill we are considering today contains a provision in section 305 providing for some tax relief for refiners whose costs will increase as a result of the repeal of the ban on oil exports. This provision permits refiners to modify the calcula-tion of production activities income to lessen the impact of high transpor-tation costs in bringing crude oil to their refineries. The provision permits adjusting such activities income for properly allocable transportation costs. Many times transportation costs are embedded within an invoice and not broken out as a separate line item, such as included in the delivered price of crude. These are clearly transpor-tation costs intended to be taken into account for purposes of this section. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, in Sec-
tion 303 of the House amendment No. 1 to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2029, the text of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2016, the section 48 Invest-ment Tax Credit, 26 U.S.C. section 48, is extended for 5 years, beginning on January 1, 2017, and phased down to 26 percent in 2020 and 22 percent in 2021. Section 303 inadvertently only extends the credit for solar energy tech-nologies, rather than all of the tech-nologies currently eligible to receive the credit. 
The intention of the agreement that 
I reached with the majority leader was to extend the section 48 Investment Tax Credit for all of the eligible tech-nologies for 5 years and to treat each technology eligible for a 30 percent credit the same with respect to a phase down in the years 2020 and 2021. The permanent 10 percent credit for eligible technologies under section 48 will re-main in place. 
The majority leader and I hope to ad-
dress this early next year in an appro-priate legislative vehicle. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, for 
several weeks, negotiations have been ongoing on a multitude of controver-sial provisions relating to the omnibus. While those debates were raging in dif-ferent parts of the Capitol, work on the Defense appropriations bill continued quietly and efficiently. 
I believe many Americans would be 
surprised to know about the exemplary level of bipartisanship that went into crafting this legislation, which pro-vides the funding to take care of the women and men serving our country in uniform. 
This bill provides for the pay and 
benefits of each member of the Armed Forces, equips them with the tools they need, and develops the next gen-eration of technology to improve our national security. 
Neither the chairman of the Defense 
Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator C
OCHRAN , nor I got everything we 
wanted out of this bill. Tough decisions had to be made. 
Chairman C
OCHRAN supported a num-
ber of my suggestions for the bill, we worked together on others, and we dis-agreed on a few. The end result is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.026 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8851 December 18, 2015 
good bill that meets the needs of our 
national security. 
The Defense appropriations bill pro-
vides all the needed resources for ongo-ing military operations, including the funds requested by the President to carry out anti-ISIL operations in Syria and Iraq. 
It adds $1.2 billion to the request to 
account for maintaining a larger pres-ence in Afghanistan through 2016. And because the situation in Afghanistan, Syria, and Iraq is so fluid, it includes additional OCO reprogramming author-ity—a total of $4.5 billion—to respond to unexpected events. 
We also maintain robust funding for 
intelligence collection on traditional and nontraditional threats to this country, so that our Nation can con-tinue to be a step ahead of threats to Americans and our allies. 
The DOD has a long history of sci-
entific innovation for the purpose of keeping our troops safe and providing an edge over our adversaries. We also know that millions of Americans who have never served in uniform often ben-efit from these defense breakthroughs. This bill provides a total of $1.94 billion for DOD medical research programs, which is 5 percent real growth over last year’s funding level. 
The medical research funding in this 
bill is directed toward competition, whether it is the $667 million in core research funding, the $278 million in the Peer-Reviewed Medical Research Program, the $120 million for breast cancer research, or the variety of other research programs provided in the leg-islation. 
I have heard criticism that medical 
research doesn’t belong in a defense bill. 
Defense medical research is rel-
atively small—NIH research funding is 15 times larger—but DOD has made im-portant breakthroughs that help serv-icemembers, their families, and all Americans. 
As one example, Army researchers 
have developed E75, a vaccine that cuts in half the chance that breast cancer will return. Women around the country benefited from that breakthrough, in-cluding those in uniform and those in military families seeking care at DOD hospitals. 
The bill also provides $2.3 billion for 
nonmedical basic research, a $220 mil-lion increase over the President’s re-quest. These funds help expand our knowledge of the universe in a variety of disciplines and may eventually lead to the next technology breakthrough that will enrich our lives. 
The bill includes $487 million for 
U.S.-Israeli cooperative missile defense programs, fully funding the request from the Government of Israel. 
We provide for a strong stand against 
Russian aggression in Europe. The Eu-ropean Reassurance Initiative, which increases U.S. troop presence and training in more than a dozen coun-tries, is fully funded. An additional $250 million is provided for lethal and non-lethal aid to the Ukraine security serv-
ices. The bill also includes $412 million to fully fund upgrades to the Army’s Stryker fleet because of the threat from Russia. 
However, the agreement takes a 
more cautious view of DOD’s program to train the Syrian opposition. It is one of many programs for which the De-partment can request funds by re-programming from the Counterterror-ism Partnerships Fund. This process improves congressional oversight as well as places the onus on DOD to jus-tify further expenses for the Syrian training program. 
The bill includes a long list of in-
creases to defense programs that were underfunded in the President’s request. These programs are essential to main-taining the military advantage against our opponents and also support a strong and stable defense industrial base. 
Some of the highlights include: $1 
billion for an additional DDG–51 de-stroyer, 12 additional F–18 aircraft, 11 additional F–35 Joint Strike Fighters, $300 million for the Navy’s UCLASS drone, sufficient funding to keep the A– 10 operating for another year, and $1 billion for the National Guard and Re-serve Equipment Account. 
Finally, the bill includes a provision 
to guarantee competition for the launch of DOD satellites. I have stud-ied the history of DOD’s space launch programs, and it is a testament to how poor oversight leads to taxpayers being stuck with an expensive bill. 
In the mid-2000s, United Launch Alli-
ance gained a monopoly on satellite launches. Over a few short years, the cost of its rockets escalated by 65 per-cent. Just this year, SpaceX was cer-tified to compete against ULA. These competitions have barely begun, and already we are seeing large savings in launch costs. But provisions in the De-fense Authorization Act are threat-ening to create a new launch monop-oly, this time with SpaceX in charge. 
The issue is that ULA uses a Russian 
rocket engine, and a new American- made engine will not be ready to com-pete until 2022. During that time, DOD wants to compete 37 launches, but under Defense authorization bills, ULA is only allowed to win four of those contracts. 
We all want to eliminate reliance on 
Russian engines. This bill adds $144 million to make a new U.S.-built rock-et a reality as soon as possible. 
I must remind Senators that NASA 
and NOAA are not restricted from using Russian engines for its satellites. Why should we agree to a double stand-ard—a looming monopoly for national security space launches but full and open competition for scientific mis-sions? 
The provision in this bill simply 
guarantees that the Air Force for the next year will live under the same rules as NASA and NOAA, while a new American-made rocket is developed and will hopefully be ready in 2022. This large and complex bill amounts 
to half of the discretionary budget of the United States. It is essential to our national security, and this bill im-proves on DOD’s budget proposals in many ways. 
Once again, I would like to thank my 
friend, Chairman C
OCHRAN , for his 
steady hand in moving this legislation forward in a constructive and bipar-tisan manner. The Defense Sub-committee has a long history of strong partnerships, and I am pleased that this tradition carries on today. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, hard- 
working Americans deserve more than living paycheck to paycheck, worrying about having to choose between paying an electric bill or putting healthy food on the table. This appropriations law 
ends a year of continuing budget uncer-tainty and extends tax credits for mil-lions of hard-working families. We have kept out harmful riders that would have undermined everything from Wall Street reform to clean air and water laws. There are many steps forward in this bill for Vermonters and all Americans, but we need stronger steps. We need to carry this into the new year and strengthen it, to help lift the middle class and to protect the most vulnerable among us. 
We need much more progress in cre-
ating well-paying jobs in rural areas like Vermont, not just in the Nation’s urban centers. We need to do more to protect Social Security and Medicare and other programs in the safety net. We need to do more to make college af-fordable for students and families. 
This bill will let Congress begin the 
new year with focusing on America’s middle class, taking stronger steps to help working families. By standing to-gether, Senate Democrats have made it possible to cancel the harmful seques-ter and to lift caps to make invest-ments possible that will make a dif-ference in communities across Vermont—from cleanup efforts on Lake Champlain, to ramping up our fight against opioid addiction, to equipping our police officers with life-saving bulletproof vests. 
This omnibus spending bill is good 
news for my home State of Vermont, too. It includes important funds for the EPA’s Lake Champlain Geographic Program, which will be critical as Vermont and the EPA take on ambi-tious new work and regulations to ad-dress water quality and phosphorus levels in Lake Champlain. As much as Vermonters and millions of visitors to our State enjoy Lake Champlain, we know that business as usual simply will not cut it. We need serious action, measurable work on the ground, and strong Federal resources in order to make real progress to clean up Lake Champlain. That is why I made sup-porting the EPA’s geographic programs a top priority for fiscal year 2016. That this final bill maintains the strong Federal investments that were made last year reflects a real partnership among Federal, State, and local part-ners. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.073 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8852 December 18, 2015 
The omnibus makes essential invest-
ments to help States and local munici-palities fight the scourge of opioid and heroin addiction, which continues to devastate too many communities. Vermont has been a national leader in calling attention to this problem and bringing together communities to find solutions. This spending package in-cludes a number of programs that will continue to support those efforts. We know that it will require strong Fed-eral support to join State and local ef-forts to address this heroin crisis. In particular, this omnibus package in-cludes funding for the Anti-Heroin Task Force Program that began last year to provide support to State law enforcement efforts like those of the Vermont Drug Task Force in disman-tling supply chains trafficking heroin into our States. 
Because we know that enforcement 
alone cannot solve this problem, this bill also includes increased funding for grants to expand medication assisted 
treatment programs, and funding to distribute lifesaving naloxone to pre-vent overdoses. It offers continued sup-port for drug court programs that pre-vent individuals suffering from addic-tion from needlessly entering our criminal justice system and instead helps set them on a path towards treat-ment and recovery. I am proud to sup-port for funding these critical pro-grams that provide a lifeline to com-munities struggling to eliminate this opioid crisis. 
This omnibus bill will grow jobs in 
Vermont and across the country. When I walk down the street in Montpelier or talk to people at the grocery store in Waterbury, I hear too many stories from Vermonters who are working two, even three jobs to make ends meet. Congress needs to do more to spur job growth, and I believe this bill will make a measurable impact. 
The heart and soul of Vermont’s 
economy are our small businesses. In fact, over 90 percent of the employers in Vermont are small businesses, em-ploying more than half of all Vermonters that work in the private sector. So naturally, the Small Busi-ness Administration, SBA, and the pro-grams it supports are critically impor-tant to ensuring that Vermont busi-nesses have access to the capital they need to expand. Year after year, we see all sectors of the Vermont economy utilizing SBA programs from manufac-turing, to agriculture, clean energy, and even craft brewing. Vermont Preci-sion Tools in Swanton, which manufac-tures high-quality burs for the medical device industry, is one such example. Pete’s Greens, a certified organic vege-table farm that has been a leader in Vermont’s agricultural renaissance, is another. This past year, the SBA had its highest level of lending in Vermont, backing more than $53 million in loans. This omnibus bill will ensure that Vermonters have access to just as much capital in 2016. 
Another critical source of capital for 
Vermont’s businesses has been made possible through the Treasury Depart-
ment’s Community Development Fi-nancial Institutions Fund, CDFI. Com-munity Capital of Vermont is one of our State’s organizations that have le-veraged CDFI funds and the SBA’s microloan program to help neighbor-hood businesses—such as Barrio Bak-ery in the Old North End of Burlington, Patchwork Farm Bakery in Hardwick, Liberty Chocolates in Montpelier, and Bent Hill Brewery in Randolph. This year we were able to increase funding for the CDFI program, while also in-creasing access to healthy food and ex-panding work in rural areas. 
Vermont is a northern border State, 
and the connection we share with our Canadian neighbors is an important one for our cultural and economic iden-tity. Senators from neighboring States know well that some communities have experienced unique economic chal-lenges, and that is why we worked to-gether to create the Northern Border Regional Commission, NBRC. I appre-ciate their support and joining with me to increase the NBRC budget to $7.5 million for the coming year. In the short time the commission has existed, it has helped companies like Superior Technical Ceramics in St. Albans de-velop a plan to increase their exports; the Vermont Sustainable Jobs Fund is helping grow Vermont’s wood products sector; an industrial park in Franklin County has received funds for improve-ments to entice Canadian companies to expand in the United States; and—a jewel of the Northeast Kingdom— Willoughby Lake, will have increased amenities resulting in more travel and tourism. 
As a result of the Bipartisan Budget 
Act Congress approved in October, crit-ical funding was restored to the HOME program, which helps States and com-munities preserve existing and produce new units of affordable housing. The Senate-passed Transportation, Housing and Urban Development bill decimated the HOME program, providing a paltry $66 million. Because of the Bipartisan Budget Act, in fiscal year 2016, the HOME program will receive $950 mil-lion—an increase of $50 million over 2015 funding—which will help every State, including Vermont, address crit-ical housing needs. 
The National Institutes of Health, 
the Nation’s leading medical research hub, will receive a $2 billion increase in funding, which will benefit research in-stitutions like the University of Vermont. 
The bill continues to support commu-
nity health centers that will be funded at just over $5 billion next year. In Vermont alone, 11 federally qualified community health centers with 56 de-livery sites provided care over the past 2 years to nearly 200,000 patients. These health centers employ over 900 people. 
The omnibus reauthorizes for 3 years 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and provides needed funding to support it. Early next year, I hope Con-gress will redouble its efforts to ensure that this critical conservation pro-
gram—which supports projects in every State, in every corner of our country— receives permanent authorization and full funding—all at no expense to the taxpayer. 
Important, too, is that this omnibus 
rejects efforts by industry giants to block Vermont’s Act 120, which re-quires the labeling of genetically engi-neered foods. Vermonters support their law, because they believe—as do I— that consumers have the right to know what is in the food they are eating. An omnibus spending bill is no place to make national policy that undermines carefully crafted laws at the state level. 
As ranking member of the Depart-
ment of State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Subcommittee, I want to thank Chairman L
INDSEY GRAHAM , 
Chairwoman K AYGRANGER , and Rank-
ing Member N ITALOWEY for the way 
they worked with me and my staff to reach agreement on the State and for-eign operations title of this omnibus bill. Their expertise was invaluable in producing a bill that provides funding for important diplomatic, develop-ment, security, and humanitarian pri-orities of the United States and that reflect our Nation’s values. 
Division K of the omnibus, for the 
Department of State and foreign oper-ations, provides a total of $52.7 billion in discretionary budget authority. This funding helps protect U.S. personnel, including our diplomats, working over-seas; funds programs to combat traf-ficking in persons, wildlife poaching, and drug smuggling; provides historic levels of funding to combat HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria, and other dis-eases that threaten hundreds of mil-lions of people around the world; sup-ports key allies in countering ISIL and other terrorist organizations; provides funds to promote renewable energy and protect the environment; and funds re-lief programs for refugees and other victims of conflict and natural disas-ters. These are just a few examples. Di-vision K also includes important provi-sions to ensure transparency, combat corruption, and prevent assistance to and encourage accountability for those who would misuse U.S. assistance by violating human rights or engaging in corruption or other financial crimes. 
I am particularly pleased that the 
bill includes increased funding for agent orange remediation and health and disability programs in Vietnam; the Leahy War Victims Fund to assist innocent victims of war, clear unexploded bombs in Southeast Asia and other parts of the world; and edu-cational and cultural exchange pro-grams including the amount requested for the Fulbright exchange program. In addition, authority is provided to help threatened scholars around the world find academic institutions where they can continue their work in safety. 
The bill also supports programs that 
directly benefit Vermonters, including the amount requested for the Peace 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.037 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8853 December 18, 2015 
Corps and funding above the amount 
requested for the Great Lakes Fishery Commission to support additional sea lamprey control in the Great Lakes and the Lake Champlain Basin. 
I am disappointed that a provision I 
authored, which was included in the Senate bill, to enable the U.S. to pro-vide technical assistance to support in-vestigations, apprehensions, and pros-
ecutions of those who commit genocide and other crimes against humanity, was not included. There are also some things that I wish were not in this bill, including a provision carried from last year that would weaken limits on car-bon emissions from projects financed by the Export-Import Bank and Over-seas Private Investment Corporation. No bill is perfect, and we will undoubt-edly revisit these and other issues next year. 
I have heard from many Vermonters 
concerned that controversial policy provisions were to be included in this final spending bill. While I am grateful this final bill does not include many of the poison pill policy riders included in the House and Senate passed bills— measures that would have eroded health care services, repealed Dodd- Frank, and threatened key environ-mental protections, among other issues—I am concerned that it includes a giveaway to Big Oil by lifting the decades-long ban on crude oil exports. While I understand that, in exchange for lifting the ban, the omnibus is free of several proposed policy riders that would undermine Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act regulations and ex-tends several environmental and re-newable energy tax measures, I share the concerns of many environmental-ists that lifting this ban will result in increased oil development and we could see higher gasoline prices in New Eng-land. 
I am disappointed that the omnibus 
includes two policy riders that will fur-ther wear away transparency and ac-countability in our campaign finance system. These provisions will only pro-mote the spending of dark money in Federal elections and further erode the trust of the American people in their political system. 
I am also disappointed that the omni-
bus is being used to jam cyber security information sharing legislation through Congress. This is not the way to pass major legislation, particularly one that threatens to significantly harm Americans’ privacy rights. This new version of the cyber security infor-mation sharing bill—which was nego-tiated behind closed doors by leaders of the Senate and House Intelligence Committees—rolls back a number of significant consumer and privacy pro-tections that were included in the Sen-ate-passed bill and over which the Ju-diciary Committee has primary juris-diction, including language that could affect the scope of liability protections and that would expand Federal preemp-tion of State FOIA and transparency laws. These changes are dangerous and unnecessary. Congress should have 
been given an opportunity to study, de-bate, and vote on a bill of this mag-nitude under regular order—not choose between this bill and a government shutdown. I hope that, when the Senate returns next year, we can consider leg-islation to mitigate the potential harm of this legislation. 
Of course, with this omnibus spend-
ing bill, the Senate will consider the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes, PATH, Act. Last year, in the closing days of Congress, I opposed a 1-year, retroactive extension of expiring tax credits, not because I do not support those credits, but because our small businesses, middle-class families, and entrepreneurs need more certainty. The PATH Act provides that in some instances through 2016 and in other in-stances with permanency. 
I am pleased that the PATH Act ex-
tends permanently the earned income tax credit, EITC, and the child tax credit, CTC. These credits have helped Vermont families recover from the re-cession. Vermont was one of the first States in the nation to supplement fed-eral EITC dollars. In 2013, low-income families in Vermont received an esti-mated $2,400 in State and Federal tax credits that year. For the many fami-lies who qualify for these programs, these credits provide a significant in-crease in take-home pay. This not only has the potential to lift families out of poverty, it also motivates many to re-turn to the workforce. While I would have preferred that these extensions be paired with an indexing proposal, ex-tending permanency to them is wel-comed news for millions of American families. 
The PATH Act also supports small 
businesses by encouraging hiring, pro-moting investment in low-income areas, promoting domestic renewable energy development, and encouraging research and development. I am grate-ful that the bill includes a permanently extension of the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory. I have long championed this deduction. It helps organizations like the Vermont Food Bank and encourages donors to support food shelfs across the country. 
Finally, I am deeply disappointed 
that, despite bipartisan, bicameral agreement, needed reforms to the EB–5 regional center program were not in-cluded in this final bill. On Tuesday evening, just hours before the bill be-came public, congressional leaders inexplicably decided to extend the EB– 5 program without any reform. The program was given a free pass despite broad, bipartisan agreement that it is in urgent need of an overhaul. Time and again, concerns have been raised about the regional center program’s susceptibility to fraud, its lack of over-sight and transparency, and the ramp-ant abuse of its incentives to invest in underserved communities—under-mining a core premise of the program. Homeland Security Secretary Johnson, the Government Accountability Office, 
and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Office of Inspector General have all raised concerns. 
While the program’s flaws are obvi-
ous to anyone paying attention, the necessary fixes are as well. I have long worked to improve the regional center program, and my EB–5 amendment to the Senate’s comprehensive immigra-
tion reform bill in the last Congress was unanimously approved in the Judi-ciary Committee. This Congress, I au-thored far-reaching reforms with Chairman G
RASSLEY and House Judici-
ary Chairman G OODLATTE and Ranking 
Member C ONYERS . We had the support 
of by far the largest trade association representing the EB–5 industry, as well as the civil rights community. We pushed hard to include our reforms in the omnibus, but some congressional leaders inexcusably rejected these vital reforms. 
We have a comprehensive, bipartisan 
reform bill that the chairmen and ranking members of both the House and Senate Judiciary Committees sup-port. These reforms would address the many troubles that plague this pro-gram, including increasing oversight and transparency, protecting investors, and promoting investment and job growth in underserved communities as Congress always intended. We cannot again squander this opportunity. We should act on our bill when we return in January to ensure integrity and to demand ongoing oversight of the pro-gram. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, 
the bill before us today represents a co-lossal addition to our Nation’s debt, which currently stands at $18.4 trillion. Earlier this year, the Budget Com-mittee worked hard to develop a budg-et plan that would balance in the next 10 years by saving money, cutting costs, and examining inefficient pro-grams and provisions. It was not easy to find the cuts necessary to achieve the goals laid out in that proposal. But the tax extenders bill costs are a large step away from getting our Nation back on a sound fiscal footing and ac-complishing the objectives laid out in the budget plan. 
When the Joint Committee on Tax-
ation, JCT, scored the bill, they found that in just the next year, it will add $157 billion to the debt, and that cost will swell to $622 billion over the next 10 years. The government will have to borrow this money; we do not have it to spend. The Committee for a Respon-sible Federal Budget, CRFB, headed by Maya MacGuiness, took an inde-pendent look at these tax provisions. According to the CRFB, the United States will have to pay an additional $130 billion in interest charges over the next 10 years on the money borrowed to finance this legislation. Maya’s organi-zation makes one more important point that many here in Congress have not sufficiently considered. The $622 billion advertised cost will balloon even further to $2 trillion over the next 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.037 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8854 December 18, 2015 
two decades. Certainly, many of the 
provisions in this package are good, but President Obama and Congress need to recognize there are limits. 
The bill also extends costly tax cred-
its that are scored rightly by the Con-gressional Budget Office as support payments, not tax deductions; and al-lows tax credits, earned income tax credits, for illegal aliens favored by President Obama’s Executive amnesty and the additional income tax credit, which allows billions to go to illegal aliens. These provisions are unwise and need serious reform before extending. 
There are indeed some good provi-
sions in this bill. Businesses across the nation will benefit by the research and development and section 179 bonus de-preciation tax credits being made per-manent. Many businesses in my State rely on the credits and making them permanent provides consistency for better planning. But the $611 billion cost in new expenditures and lost reve-nues is huge. This Congress has to know that a $2 trillion addition to the debt over the next 20 years is simply too much. This is a step away not to-wards fiscal responsibility. 
It is these kinds of rationalizations 
that can cause a country to go broke. For perspective, Congress struggled mightily to find $77 billion above the gas tax to pay for the 5-year highway bill. This tax package is so huge it will make the highway bill costs look insig-nificant. 
Colleagues, we cannot be in denial 
about how much this bill costs. We all have a strong desire for tax cuts and tax reform. I have supported such bills many times in the past, but this bill has little reform and great cost. I am disappointed that I cannot support this bill. 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I want 
to speak today about the Omnibus ap-propriations and tax bill. First, I want to applaud my colleagues who have worked tirelessly towards this deal for over a year now. Our leadership and the leaders of our Appropriations, Fi-nance, and Budget Committees have been setting the stage for this action and I want to thank them. 
This bill, H.R. 2029, the Consolidated 
Appropriations Act, 2016, addresses many priorities that I have been fight-ing for since joining the Senate in 2013. It comes on the heels of the Bipartisan Budget Act we passed in October of this year, which addressed for 2 years the arbitrary budget caps set by se-questration and implements the first year of that agreement. 
First enacted as part of the Bipar-
tisan Budget Control Act of 2011, these arbitrary budget caps have been hurt-ing our national defense and domestic priorities since sequestration went into effect in 2013 by arbitrarily forcing critical agencies such as the Depart-ment of Defense to set strategy and policy based on artificial caps. As a former mayor and Governor I have a lot of experience with budgets and de-cisionmaking. I understand using budg-ets gimmicks to set policy is the oppo-
site of what we should be doing. It is a strategy that is unsustainable and must be addressed if we are to properly manage our finances. 
In 2013, on the heels of the dev-
astating government shutdown, Con-gress passed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 to reduce uncertainty, adjust the budget caps to reflect current needs, and put the idea of another gov-ernment shutdown behind us. That deal was a bipartisan compromise, heralded by Members from both sides of the aisle. We learned from that exercise that both parties can come together to give budget certainty to families and businesses. 
This year, we faced the prospect of 
another harmful episode of sequestra-tion whereby Congress’s priority set-ting was once again to be determined by the budget law passed in 2011. Once again, lawmakers came together, and we passed the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, another 2-year bill which set ap-propriate spending targets and gave ap-propriators time to write full appro-priations bills for the remainder of this fiscal year, thereby avoiding the risk of shutdowns or fiscal cliffs at the end of the year. 
Because of all that activity, we find 
ourselves here today with this bill. Within this bill there is a lot of good: strong funding for Defense Department priorities like shipbuilding and the Ohio-class replacement; strong funding for educational programs like Head Start, Preschool Development Grants, and Teacher Quality Partnership Grants; strong funding for State De-partment embassy security training programs; strong funding for military construction projects around Virginia; strong commitments for the environ-ment such as the American Battlefield Protection Act, Chesapeake Bay Pro-gram, and the Army Corps programs in Norfolk; strong funding for the Na-tional Park Service and for NASA’s programs at Wallops Island; and strong funding for Plan Central America. 
This bill also includes critically im-
portant programs on the revenue side. Three critical low- and middle-income tax programs—the child tax credit, earned income tax credit, and Amer-ican opportunity tax credit—have been made permanent in this bill, so has the research and development tax credit, along with an expansion in this credit for startups championed by Senator C
OONS that I have cosponsored. Also 
made permanent are tax programs for teachers, for conservation, and for military families. We have made other programs last for another 5 years. And others will be extended for 2 years, a step forward for these programs we have been extending for only 1 year at a time. 
This package also contains energy 
policy that will advance our national goal of generating energy cleaner to-morrow than today, while ensuring that our short-term need for fossil fuels is met by American supplies and developed by American workers. The 
deal lifts the 40-year old ban on export of U.S. crude oil, which will create American jobs. The deal extends wind and solar tax incentives for 5 years. 
The deal also hikes funding for the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund by 50 percent this year, which will support open space preservation efforts around the country and in Virginia at Rappa-hannock River Valley National Wild-life Refuge, George Washington and Thomas Jefferson National Forests, the Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historical Trail, and else-where. Finally, it includes assistance for U.S. oil refineries, while stopping virtually all policy riders seeking to undermine critical air and water pollu-tion laws. 
This bill is by no means perfect. In 
particular, while I agree with many of the tax provisions included in this bill, a must-pass government funding bill is not the place to have the important tax policy debates facing this country. By passing this bill with so many tax provisions with little debate, we put off a broader agreement on comprehensive tax reform. I do agree with many as-pects of this tax deal. But by taking this action now, we leave other critical tax policy decisions on the table with no debate on how we as a body should prioritize these issues. 
And I am struck by the irony that all 
year long we debated how to provide sequester relief of about $100 billion for our national security and for education and health and research funding that will improve our economy. Those poli-cies needed offsets. But this tax pack-age will increase the deficit by nearly $700 billion, and there has not been dis-cussion of offsetting this cost. That seems to me to be a bad precedent and an unfair distinction. In an era domi-nated by conversations about our na-tional debt and deficits, we should do better to seek ways address these changes in a fiscally responsible way. 
In the end, I choose to support this 
bill. The good in this legislation and the need for our Federal agencies to be able to plan and set the priorities of this country makes support the right decision. And the bipartisan character of the agreement will hopefully encour-age more such cooperation. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, the 
cyber security bill included in the om-nibus is a first step towards improving our Nation’s dangerously inadequate defenses against cyber attacks. I know that the chairman and vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee worked hard to ensure that a cyber se-curity bill passed this year. 
Unfortunately, however, the Amer-
ican people and economy will remain vulnerable to a catastrophic cyber at-tack against our critical infrastructure even after this bill becomes law. 
Critical infrastructure refers to enti-
ties that are vital to the safety, health, and economic well-being of the Amer-ican people, such as the major utilities that run the Nation’s electric grid, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.036 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8855 December 18, 2015 
national air transportation system 
that moves passengers and cargo safely from one location to another, and the elements of the financial sector that ensure the $14 trillion in payments made every day are securely routed through the banking system. 
The Senate-passed cyber bill included 
an important provision I authored with the support of Senators M
IKULSKI , 
COATS , REED, WARNER , HEINRICH , KING, 
HIRONO , and W YDEN that would have re-
quired the Department of Homeland Security, in conjunction with the ap-propriate Federal agencies, to under-take an assessment of the fewer than 65 critical infrastructure entities at greatest risk of causing catastrophic harm if they were the targets of a suc-cessful cyber attack. 
By ‘‘catastrophic harm,’’ the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security means a single cyber attack that would likely result in 2,500 deaths, $50 billion in eco-nomic damage, or a severe degradation of our national security. In other words, if one of these entities upon which we depend each day were at-tacked, the results would be dev-astating. 
Following the assessment, the provi-
sion then required a report to Congress describing the steps that could be taken to lessen the vulnerability of these entities and to decrease the risk of catastrophic harm resulting from such a cyber attack against our crit-ical infrastructure. 
Inexplicably, this provision, which 
was supported by a majority of the members of the Senate Intelligence Committee, was eliminated in the ne-gotiations between the leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence Com-mittees. 
I am told that this important provi-
sion was dropped because of opposition from certain industry groups that claimed that the current investment and regulatory structure is sufficient to protect our critical infrastructure; yet our provision explicitly included existing regulators in the assessment process and required no new mandates. Compromise language that would have made this even clearer was also re-jected. 
Our provision appropriately distin-
guished between the vast majority of businesses, such as a retail store or a chain of small ice cream shops, and the fewer than 65 critical infrastructure entities that could debilitate the U.S. economy or our way of life if attacked; yet the final version of the cyber bill treats these very different entities in exactly the same way. 
I ask unanimous consent that a No-
vember 30, 2015, letter sent from a ma-jority of the Senators on the Senate In-telligence Committee to the chairmen and vice chairmen of the House and Senate Intelligence Committees that corrects the R
ECORD on what this pro-
vision does and why it is necessary be printed in the R
ECORD following my re-
marks. 
These fewer than 65 entities warrant 
our special attention because there is ample evidence, both classified and un-
classified, that demonstrates the threat facing critical infrastructure and the deficiencies in the cyber secu-rity capability to defend them. 
The Director of National Intel-
ligence, Jim Clapper, has testified that the greatest threat facing our country is in cyber space. He has stated before the Armed Services Committee that the number one cyber challenge that concerns him the most is an attack on our Nation’s critical infrastructure. 
His assessment is backed up by sev-
eral intrusions into the industrial con-trols of critical infrastructure. Since 2009, the Wall Street Journal has pub-lished reports regarding efforts by for-eign adversaries, such as China, Russia, and Iran, to leave behind software on American critical infrastructure and to disrupt U.S. banks through cyber in-trusions. 
Multiple natural gas pipeline compa-
nies were the target of a sophisticated cyber intrusion campaign beginning in December 2011, and Saudi Arabia’s oil company, Aramco, was subject to a de-structive cyber attack in 2012. 
When I asked Admiral Rogers, the 
Director of the National Security Agency with responsibility for cyber space, how prepared our country was for a cyber attack against our critical infrastructure in a hearing this sum-mer, he replied that we are at a ‘‘5 or 6.’’ 
Last month, the Deputy Director of 
the NSA, Richard Ledgett, was asked during a CNN interview if foreign ac-tors already have the capability of shutting down key U.S. infrastructure, such as the financial sector, energy, transportation, and air traffic control. His response? ‘‘Absolutely.’’ 
When it comes to cyber security, ig-
norance is not bliss. The least we should do is to ask DHS and the appro-priate Federal agencies to describe what more could be done to prevent a catastrophic cyber attack on critical infrastructure that could cause thou-sands of deaths and/or a devastating blow to our economy or national de-fense. 
Congress has missed an opportunity 
to improve our Nation’s cyber pre-paredness by refusing to even ask DHS or the appropriate Federal agencies to understand and identify what more could be done to prevent a catastrophic cyber attack on the fewer than 65 crit-ical infrastructure entities. 
A cyber attack on our critical infra-
structure is not a matter of ‘‘if,’’ but a matter of ‘‘when.’’ We are at Sep-tember 10 levels in terms of cyber pre-paredness—a sentiment expressed by former Secretary of Defense Leon Pa-netta in 2012 and in the 9/11 Commis-sion’s 10th anniversary report released last year. 
We cannot afford to wait for a ‘‘cyber 
9/11’’ before protecting our critical in-frastructure. By rejecting this provi-sion, this Congress has elected to take just such a risk. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, November 30, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD BURR, 
Chairman, Senate Select Committee on Intel-
ligence, Washington DC. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
House Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , 
House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence, Washington, DC. 
Hon. D IANNE FEINSTEIN  
Vice Chairman, Senate Select Committee on In-
telligence, Washington, DC. 
Hon. B ENNIE G. T HOMPSON , 
House Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. Hon. A
DAMB. S CHIFF , 
House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence, Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN BURR, V ICE CHAIRMAN  
FEINSTEIN , C HAIRMAN MCCAUL, R ANKING  
MEMBER THOMPSON , CHAIRMAN NUNES , AND 
RANKING MEMBER SCHIFF : We strongly sup-
port the enactment of a voluntary cyberse-curity information sharing bill, which will promote better communication between the private sector and the federal government on cyber threats and vulnerabilities. For 99 per-cent of businesses, the voluntary informa-tion sharing framework established in law should be sufficient to avoid catastrophic harm. 
It would be a mistake, however, to treat 
the country’s most critical infrastructure, upon which our people and our economy de-pend, the same way as a retail business, such as a chain of small ice cream shops. That is why Section 407 of S. 754, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA) appro-priately distinguishes between the vast ma-jority of businesses and those entities al-ready designated by the federal government as critical infrastructure at greatest risk. Unless Section 407 of S. 754, the Cybersecu-rity Information Sharing Act (CISA) is re-tained in the final cybersecurity bill, these very different entities will be treated exactly the same way under this legislation. 
Critical infrastructure refers to entities 
that are vital to the safety, health, and eco-nomic wellbeing of the American people, such as the major utilities that run the na-tion’s electrical grid. Section 407, however, only applies to the fewer than 65 entities that have already been designated by the De-partment of Homeland Security (DHS) as the critical infrastructure entities where a cyber attack would likely result in catastrophic harm. By catastrophic harm, DHS means a single cyber attack that would likely result in 2,500 deaths, $50 billion in economic dam-age, or a severe degradation of our national security. 
Given these devastating consequences, we 
urge you to retain Section 407 of CISA. Ample evidence, both classified and unclassi-fied, testifies to the threat facing critical in-frastructure and the deficiencies in the cy-bersecurity capability to defend them. Since 2009, the Wall Street Journal has published reports regarding efforts by foreign adver-saries, such as China, Russia, and Iran, to leave behind software on American critical infrastructure or to disrupt U.S. banks through cyber intrusions. Multiple natural gas pipeline companies were the target of a sophisticated cyber intrusion campaign be-ginning in December 2011, and Saudi Arabia’s oil company, Aramco, was subject to a de-structive cyber attack in 2012. 
Admiral Mike Rogers, the Director of the 
National Security Agency, has said publicly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.056 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8856 December 18, 2015 
that ‘‘We have . . . observed intrusions into 
industrial control systems . . . what con-cerns us is that . . . capability can be used by nation-states, groups or individuals to take down the capability of the control sys-tems.’’ 
At a recent Senate Armed Services Com-
mittee hearing on cybersecurity, the Direc-tor of National Intelligence was asked what one cyber challenge concerned him the most. He testified that it was a large-scale cyber attack against the United States’ infrastruc-ture. At a subsequent open hearing of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, Senator Collins asked Admiral Mike Rogers how prepared our country was for such an at-tack against our critical infrastructure. His answer, on a scale of 1–10, was that we are at a ‘‘5 or 6’’. That is a failing grade that we cannot ignore. 
Section 407 has been mischaracterized in 
correspondence we have received, so we would also like to clarify some key facts about it. First, Section 407 is not counter to the overall voluntary nature of CISA, and it does not impose new incident reporting re-quirements on the fewer than 65 covered en-tities. Of course, many critical infrastruc-ture entities, such as those in the electrical sector, are already subject to mandatory in-cident reporting to their federal regulators. 
Section 407 simply requires DHS to under-
take an assessment of the critical infrastruc-ture that it has identified where a single cat-astrophic cyber attack could cause deaths and devastation and then report to Congress what actions could be taken to lessen their vulnerability and to decrease the risk of cat-astrophic harm resulting from such an at-tack. 
Despite claims to the contrary, Section 407 
is also consistent with existing government authority, regulations, and programs. The text of the provision clearly states that the report and strategy required by DHS must be produced ‘‘in conjunction with the appro-priate agency head . . .’’ Appropriate agency head means the head of the existing sector- specific agency for such an entity or the ex-isting federal regulator for that entity. 
Section 407 will also likely reduce, rather 
than increase, the existing liability risk for the critical infrastructure entities that have already been identified as being at greatest risk of cyber attack. Liability risk is in-curred when an entity actually fails to miti-gate cyber vulnerabilities that they should have known about and addressed. Rather than increasing this risk, Section 407 seeks to share the burden of defending critical in-frastructure against the most sophisticated cyber attacks by requiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct an assess-ment of the cybersecurity of only the fewer than 65 entities. Following this assessment, Section 407 would require the Secretary to develop a strategy to mitigate the risk of catastrophic effects. The least we should do is to ask DHS and the appropriate federal agencies to describe what more could be done to prevent a catastrophic cyber attack on critical infrastructure that could cause thou-sands of deaths and/or a devastating blow to our economy or national defense. 
Finally, we urge you to review the list of 
entities that are, in fact, covered by Section 407. Ironically, many of the trade associa-tions who oppose this provision do not rep-resent a single entity that would be covered by this amendment because none of their members has been designated as critical in-frastructure at greatest risk. The list of en-tities and the classified intelligence regard-ing the threats to critical infrastructure have been provided to your respective com-mittees. If you have any questions, please do not 
hesitate to contact us. 
Sincerely, 
S
USAN M. C OLLINS . 
DANIEL COATS . 
MARTIN HEINRICH . 
MAZIE K. H IRONO . 
BARBARA A. M IKULSKI . 
MARKR. W ARNER . 
ANGUS S. K ING, JR. 
JACKREED. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak on the fiscal year 2016 Omnibus appropriations bill. I want to highlight the Transportation and Housing and Urban Development division of the bill, which is critically important to meeting the housing needs of low-income, disabled, and older Americans, to shelter the home-less, and to boost our economy and cre-ate jobs through much needed infra-structure investments in our roads, bridges, railroads, transit systems, and airports. 
Let me begin by thanking Chairman 
C
OCHRAN and Vice Chairwoman M IKUL-
SKIfor their leadership in advancing 
these appropriations bills. 
I also want to acknowledge Senator 
JACKREED, the ranking member of the 
subcommittee, who worked closely with me in our negotiations with the House. 
I would be remiss if I did not also ac-
knowledge the tireless efforts staff have put into this bill throughout the entire process. My staff: Heideh Shahmoradi, Ken Altman, Jason Woolwine, Rajat Mathur, Lydia Col-lins, and Gus Maples have made enor-mous contributions. 
I also want to thank Dabney Hegg, 
Rachel Milberg, Christina Monroe, and Jordan Stone on Senator R
EED’s staff. 
This bill represents priorities from 
Members on both sides of the aisle in both Chambers. Through considerable negotiation and compromise, we have crafted a bipartisan bill that targets limited resources to meet our most es-sential transportation and housing needs while ensuring effective over-sight of these important programs. 
The bill makes important invest-
ments, supporting millions of jobs and economic development. It invests in our Nation’s transportation infrastruc-ture by continuing to provide $500 mil-lion for the TIGER Program. This highly competitive program creates jobs and supports economic growth in every one of our home States. 
The bill provides increased funding 
for our Nation’s highway, transit, and safety programs, consistent with the recently enacted highway authoriza-tion bill, the FAST Act. State DOTs are also provided with the flexibility to repurpose approximately $2 billion in old, unused congressionally directed spending and direct it toward infra-structure projects that are of higher priority today within the same geo-graphic location of the original des-ignation. 
Turning to air travel, the aviation 
investments will continue to modernize our nation’s air traffic system and help to keep rural communities connected 
to the transportation network. It will ease future congestion and help reduce delays for travelers in U.S. airspace. The bill provides funding for FAA pro-grams at 99.97 percent of the budget re-quest to ensure FAA’s operations and safety workforce are fully funded, which includes 14,500 air traffic con-trollers and more than 25,000 engineers, maintenance technicians, safety in-spectors, and operational support per-sonnel. 
In addition to aviation safety, the 
bill provides $50 million in rail safety grants in response to the devastating rail accidents in recent years. These grants will support infrastructure im-provements and safety technology, in-cluding positive train control. 
There are also several provisions to 
enhance truck safety on our Nation’s highways. For example, the bill re-quires the Department of Transpor-tation to publish a proposed rule on speed governors, which limits the speed at which these trucks can operate. The Department continues to delay this rulemaking, which was initially peti-tioned by the industry itself. It is time to get this important safety rule com-pleted and implemented. 
The bill also protects critical housing 
programs by preserving existing rental assistance for vulnerable families and individuals, including our seniors, and strengthens the Federal response to the problem of youth homelessness. Sufficient funding is provided to keep pace with the rising cost of housing vulnerable families, ensuring that more than 4.7 million individuals and families currently receiving assistance will not have to worry about losing their housing. Without this assistance, many of these families might other-wise become homeless. 
Youth homelessness is especially 
troubling and warrants more attention. Reflecting this concern, our bill pro-vides $42.5 million to expand efforts to reduce youth homelessness. These ef-forts build on our success in reducing veterans homelessness, which has been reduced by 36 percent since 2010. This bill continues that effort by providing an additional 8,000 vouchers for our homeless veterans despite the adminis-tration’s failure to request funding for this critically important program. 
To support local development, we 
provide $3 billion for the Community Development Block Grants Program. This is an extremely popular program with the States and communities be-cause it allows them to tailor the Fed-eral funds to support local economic and job creation projects. 
I appreciate the opportunity to speak 
about this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support final passage of the omnibus. 
SECTION 702 IN DIVISION O  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, 
today I wish to discuss section 702 in division O of the Omnibus appropria-tions bill. It is a provision that would prohibit the Treasury Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.029 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8857 December 18, 2015 
from selling, transferring or otherwise 
disposing of the senior preferred shares of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for 2 years. 
In 2008, Treasury Secretary Hank 
Paulson and Federal Housing Finance Agency Director James Lockhart placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into conservatorship and created an agreement that gave the Treasury De-partment senior preferred shares in both entities. Since that time, the GSEs helped stabilize the housing mar-ket by ensuring that families had ac-cess to 30-year fixed-rate mortgages at reasonable rates and lenders had access to a functioning secondary market. While the government was initially forced to inject $188 billion into shor-ing up these two agencies, it has since collected $241 billion. Taxpayers have thus earned $53 billion during the con-servatorship. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, 
will the Senator yield for a question? I am concerned that someone could read the provision as limiting a future ad-ministration’s authority to end the conservatorship after the 2-year prohi-bition absent congressional action. Does the provision prohibit a future ad-ministration from taking any action after January 1, 2018, if it is in the best interest of the housing market, tax-payers or the broader economy? 
Mr. BROWN. I will say to my col-
league from New York that it does not. That is not the effect of the language. Any number of decisions could be made after that date, when a new Congress and a new President will be in place. Nor does this provision have any effect on the court cases and settlements cur-rently underway challenging the valid-ity of the third amendment. As the Senator from Tennessee said yester-day, ‘‘this legislation does not preju-dice’’ any of those cases. 
Mr. REID. I associate myself with 
the comments of the Senator from Ohio, Mr. B
ROWN . If it turns out to be 
in the best interest of borrowers, the economy or to protect taxpayers, the next administration could elect to end the conservatorship on January 2, 2018. This is the view of the Treasury De-partment as well. I would like to sub-mit a letter written to me on this issue that states that the provision binds the Treasury only until January 1, 2018, and has no effect after that. 
The agreement for this language to 
be included in the omnibus was that the prohibition would sunset after 2 years and not create a perpetual con-servatorship. As then-Secretary Paulson described, conservatorship was meant to be a ‘‘time out’’ not an indefi-nite state of being. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Treasury letter be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclu-
sion of the remarks by Senator B ROWN . 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I 
thank the Majority Leader. The FHFA and Treasury Department could have placed the GSEs into receivership if the intent was to liquidate them. The purpose of a conservatorship is to pre-
serve and conserve the assets of the en-tities in conservatorship until they are in a safe and solvent condition as de-termined by their regulator. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY , 
Washington, DC, December 17, 2015. 
Hon. H ARRY REID, 
Democratic Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. LEADER : In response to your re-
quest for our view, the Treasury Department interprets the language of Section 702 of Di-vision O of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2016, to mean that sub-section (b) imposes a prohibition that is binding until January 1, 2018. It would not be binding after that date. 
Sincerely, 
A
NNEWALL, 
Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs. 
TITLE IX  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I am joined by Senator T HUNE , 
the chair of the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, to dis-cuss title IX—National Oceans and Coastal Security, of Division O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016. The legislation on which this title was based, the National Oceans and Coastal Security Act, S. 2025, is a bill I intro-duced earlier this year, which was re-ferred to the Senate Commerce Com-mittee. I appreciate the assistance Senator T
HUNE and his committee staff 
have provided on this legislation. 
The National Oceans and Coastal Se-
curity Act establishes a fund to sup-port research, conservation, and res-toration projects on our coasts and in our oceans and Great Lakes. The Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration—two organizations with significant expertise in ocean, coastal, and Great Lakes issues, as well as managing grants—will coordinate the grant programs supported by the fund. 
I thank Senator T
HUNE for joining 
me today to help clarify this important legislation. 
As you know, our coastal commu-
nities and marine economies depend upon healthy oceans and Great Lakes. The projects supported by this fund will provide the science and on-the- ground action that will help ensure a healthy environment and vibrant econ-omy for generations to come. 
Any money appropriated or other-
wise made available to the fund will be used to ‘‘support programs and activi-ties intended to better understand and utilize ocean and coastal resources and coastal infrastructure, including base-line scientific research, ocean observ-ing, and other programs and activi-ties.’’ 
Funds may not be used for litigation 
or advocacy, or the creation of na-tional marine monuments, marine pro-tected areas, marine spatial plans, or a National Ocean Policy. It is the intent of the authors that no grants be pro-
vided through this fund for the cre-ation or federal implementation of any of these programs or policies. With spe-cific regard to the National Ocean Pol-icy, its creation has already occurred by Executive order, and its implemen-tation is the responsibility of the Na-tional Ocean Council. It is the expecta-tion of the authors that no funds would be used to support the activities of the National Ocean Council. 
Mr. THUNE. Thank you, Senator 
W
HITEHOUSE , for inviting me to join 
you today to discuss the National Oceans and Coastal Security Act. I know the creation of an ocean fund has been a longstanding priority of yours. 
I share Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s under-
standing of the eligible uses for money granted from the fund. It is also worth noting that the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, a congressionally chartered nonprofit organization, is ex-plicitly prohibited in its authorizing legislation from providing grants that support litigation or advocacy. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Thank you for 
making that important point. I would like to further highlight that the legis-lation authorizes two grant programs. The first would direct funding to coast-al States, Indian tribes, and U.S. terri-tories. The other would create a na-tional competitive grant program open to States, local governments, and In-dian tribes, as well as associations, nongovernmental organizations, pub-lic-private partnerships, and academic institutions to support oceans and coastal research and restoration ef-forts. 
Mr. THUNE. Thank you for that clar-
ification. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a cloture 
motion at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendments to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2029, an act making appropriations for military con-struction, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Thom 
Tillis, Bob Corker, Richard Burr, Lisa Murkowski, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, Roy Blunt, James M. Inhofe, Orrin G. Hatch, Mark Kirk, Thad Coch-ran, Kelly Ayotte, Susan M. Collins, Daniel Coats. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum under rule XXII be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
There is 2 minutes of debate on this 
motion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.028 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8858 December 18, 2015 
Who yields time? 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I yield back the 
time on this side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendments to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2029, an act making appropriations for military con-struction, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Thom 
Tillis, Bob Corker, Richard Burr, Lisa Murkowski, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, Roy Blunt, James M. Inhofe, Orrin G. Hatch, Mark Kirk, Thad Coch-ran, Kelly Ayotte, Susan M. Collins, Daniel Coats. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendments to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2029 shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 72, 
nays 26, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 336 Leg.] 
YEAS—72 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley 
Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden NAYS—26 
Boozman Cassidy Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake 
Lee Manchin McCain Moran Paul Risch Sanders Sasse Scott 
Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Vitter 
NOT VOTING—2 
Boxer Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 72, the nays are 26. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
Cloture having been invoked, under 
the previous order, all postcloture time is yielded back. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I am going to ask everybody to take their seats. I am going to ask everyone to sit in their seat. 
I ask unanimous consent for the next 
votes to be 10 minutes, which I think would be widely applauded, if anybody is listening. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO TABLE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to table 
the first House amendment to the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 2029 and ask for the yeas and nays. 
Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. Under the previous order, there is 2 
minutes of debate equally divided. 
Who yields time? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I yield back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to table. This is the time to avoid a shut-down or a slow time. It is time to pass the omnibus, protect America, help the middle class, and meet our constitu-tional responsibilities. 
Vote no on the motion to table, and 
let’s get on with the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The clerk will call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 31, 
nays 67, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 337 Leg.] 
YEAS—31 
Boozman 
Burr Cassidy Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner 
Grassley Heller Lankford Lee Manchin McCain Moran Paul Portman Risch Sanders 
Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Vitter NAYS—67 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken 
Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Boxer Rubio 
The motion was rejected. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I 
raise a point of order that the pending motion to concur violates section 311(a)(2)(B) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, pur-
suant to section 904 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiv-er provisions of applicable budget reso-lutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the House message to accompany H.R. 2029, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
are 2 minutes of debate on the motion. 
The Senator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, all 
I am asking for in raising this point of order—the tax extender legislation will reduce revenues below the fiscal year 2016 budget agreement and would vio-late section 311. All I am asking for is to separate the votes. If you are proud and you want to vote for the extender, please do so. Voting no on this sepa-rates it, so you will have a vote on the extenders and a vote on the omnibus bill. Go home and explain it. There are good things in both. But give us a chance—basically, those who don’t agree—and do not take the cowardly way out by putting them all into one. That is all we are doing. 
If Tom Brokaw writes his new book 
after ‘‘The Greatest Generation,’’ we are going to be the worst generation by saddling this debt on our children and grandchildren. What we are doing here is something unconscionable—2,200 pages all wrapped into one. 
All I am asking for is a ‘‘no’’ vote so 
we can separate it, go home, and ex-plain it. I think we owe that to the people. 
We are at 16 percent now. We can’t go 
much lower, but we are trying, I know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.024 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8859 December 18, 2015 
that. So I appreciate that very much. I 
encourage a ‘‘no’’ vote on this. We will separate the two, vote them up or down, go home and explain them, and be proud of what we are doing in the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, col-
leagues, this bipartisan package is the biggest tax cut for working families and the biggest anti-poverty plan Con-gress has moved forward in decades, and it is the biggest bipartisan tax agreement in 15 years. 
All together, 50 million Americans 
are going to benefit from the child tax credit and the expanded earned-income tax credit because they are made per-manent. And on a permanent basis, students will be able to count on the American opportunity tax credit to cover up to $10,000 of a 4-year college education. That is a lot of money they won’t have to borrow. 
This also includes a permanent tax 
break for research and development, which for the first time will be avail-able on a widespread basis to help small businesses and startups pay wages—a booster shot for the innova-tion economy in America. There will be permanent small business expensing that is going to help our employers in-vest and grow. 
To just wrap up, it will include per-
manent small business expensing to help many employers invest and grow and create new highways and high- skilled jobs for our people. I believe, fi-nally, this clears the deck for us to move to comprehensive bipartisan tax reform because it provides the breath-ing room Congress needs to throw the broken Tax Code into the trash can and get bipartisan tax reform. 
So I urge my colleagues to waive the 
budget point of order, give millions of families across this country the pre-dictability and certainty they need on their taxes, and put this Congress on a path toward achieving bipartisan com-prehensive tax reform in the days ahead. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The yeas and nays have been ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 73, 
nays 25, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 338 Leg.] 
YEAS—73 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso 
Bennet Blumenthal Blunt 
Booker Boozman Brown 
Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich 
Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCain McConnell Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue 
Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—25 
Burr 
Carper Cassidy Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Fischer Flake King 
Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill Menendez Paul Portman Risch Sanders 
Sasse Sessions Shelby Tester Warner Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Boxer Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 73, the nays are 25. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion to waive is agreed to. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question now occurs on the motion to concur. 
There is 2 minutes for debate equally 
divided. 
The majority’s time is yielded back. The Senator from Maryland. Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, 
this is a bill that protects America. It rebuilds it and invests in the future. I think it is a great bill, as a result of bi-partisan effort. 
Let’s vote for it, and may the force 
be with us. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
motion to concur. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator 
is necessarily absent: the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO) 
would have voted ‘‘No.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
COATS ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 65, 
nays 33, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 339 Leg.] 
YEAS—65 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy McConnell Menendez Mikulski 
Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Reed Reid Roberts Rounds 
Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—33 
Boozman 
Burr Cassidy Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Grassley 
Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill Merkley Moran Paul Portman Risch Sanders 
Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Toomey Vitter Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Boxer Rubio 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
PATIENT ACCESS AND MEDICARE 
PROTECTION ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the consideration of S. 2425. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2425) to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation tech-nology and certain radiation therapy serv-ices, to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 pay-ment adjustments, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
for a third reading and was read the third time. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-
ther debate on this measure. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (S. 2425) was passed, as fol-
lows: 
S. 2425 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.028 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8860 December 18, 2015 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Patient Ac-
cess and Medicare Protection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. NON-APPLICATION OF MEDICARE FEE 
SCHEDULE ADJUSTMENTS FOR WHEELCHAIR ACCESSORIES AND SEAT AND BACK CUSHIONS WHEN FURNISHED IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLEX REHABILITATIVE POWER WHEELCHAIRS. 
(a) N ON-APPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall not, prior to January 1, 2017, use information on the payment determined under the competitive acquisition programs under section 1847 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3)) to adjust the payment amount that would otherwise be recognized under section 1834(a)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(1)(B)(ii)) for wheelchair accessories (including seating systems) and seat and back cushions when furnished in connection with Group 3 complex rehabilitative power wheelchairs. 
(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary may implement this subsection by program in-struction or otherwise. 
(b) GAO S
TUDY AND REPORT .— 
(1) S TUDY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct a study on wheelchair accessories (including seating systems) and seat and back cushions fur-nished in connection with Group 3 complex rehabilitative power wheelchairs. Such study shall include an analysis of the following with respect to such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions in each of the groups described in clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (B): 
(i) The item descriptions and associated 
HCPCS codes for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions. 
(ii) A breakdown of utilization and expend-
itures for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. 
(iii) A comparison of the payment amount 
under the competitive acquisition program under section 1847 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3) with the payment amount that would otherwise be recognized under section 1834 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m), including beneficiary cost sharing, for such wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions. 
(iv) The aggregate distribution of such 
wheelchair accessories and seat and back cushions furnished under such title XVIII within each of the groups described in sub-paragraph (B). 
(v) Other areas determined appropriate by 
the Comptroller General. 
(B) G
ROUPS DESCRIBED .—The following 
groups are described in this subparagraph: 
(i) Wheelchair accessories and seat and 
back cushions furnished predominantly with Group 3 complex rehabilitative power wheel-chairs. 
(ii) Wheelchair accessories and seat and 
back cushions furnished predominantly with power wheelchairs that are not described in clause (i). 
(iii) Other wheelchair accessories and seat 
and back cushions furnished with either power wheelchairs described in clause (i) or (ii). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2016, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommenda-tions for such legislation and administrative as the Comptroller General determines to be appropriate. SEC. 3. TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT RULES FOR 
CERTAIN RADIATION THERAPY SERVICES UNDER THE MEDICARE PHYSICIAN FEE SCHEDULE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1848 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) S PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN RADIATION  
THERAPY SERVICES .—The code definitions, 
the work relative value units under sub-section (c)(2)(C)(i), and the direct inputs for the practice expense relative value units under subsection (c)(2)(C)(ii) for radiation treatment delivery and related imaging serv-ices (identified in 2016 by HCPCS G-codes G6001 through G6015) for the fee schedule es-tablished under this subsection for services furnished in 2017 and 2018 shall be the same as such definitions, units, and inputs for such services for the fee schedule established for services furnished in 2016.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2)(K), by adding at the 
end the following new clause: 
‘‘(iv) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN RADIATION  
THERAPY SERVICES .—Radiation treatment de-
livery and related imaging services identi-fied under subsection (b)(11) shall not be con-sidered as potentially misvalued services for purposes of this subparagraph and subpara-graph (O) for 2017 and 2018.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS ON ALTERNATIVE  
PAYMENT MODEL .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report on the de-velopment of an episodic alternative pay-ment model for payment under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act for radiation therapy services fur-nished in nonfacility settings. 
SEC. 4. ENSURING FLEXIBILITY IN APPLYING 
HARDSHIP EXCEPTION FOR MEAN-INGFUL USE FOR 2015 EHR REPORT-ING PERIOD FOR 2017 PAYMENT AD-JUSTMENTS. 
(a) E LIGIBLE PROFESSIONALS .—Section 
1848(a)(7)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(a)(7)(B)) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘(and, with re-spect to the payment adjustment under sub-paragraph (A) for 2017, for categories of eligi-ble professionals, as established by the Sec-retary and posted on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices prior to December 15, 2015, an applica-tion for which must be submitted to the Sec-retary by not later than March 15, 2016)’’ after ‘‘case-by-case basis’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE HOSPITALS .—Section 
1886(b)(3)(B)(ix) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(B)(ix)) is amended— 
(1) in the first sentence of subclause (I), by 
striking ‘‘(n)(6)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(n)(6)’’; and 
(2) in subclause (II), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘(and, with respect to the appli-cation of subclause (I) for fiscal year 2017, for categories of subsection (d) hospitals, as es-tablished by the Secretary and posted on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services prior to December 15, 2015, an application for which must be sub-mitted to the Secretary by not later than April 1, 2016)’’ after ‘‘case-by-case basis’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall implement the provisions of, and the amendments made by, subsections (a) and (b) by program in-struction, such as through information on the Internet website of the Centers for Medi-care & Medicaid Services. 
SEC. 5. MEDICARE IMPROVEMENT FUND. 
Section 1898(b)(1) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’. SEC. 6. STRENGTHENING MEDICAID PROGRAM 
INTEGRITY THROUGH FLEXIBILITY. 
Section 1936 of the Social Security Act (42 
U.S.C. 1396u–6) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, or oth-
erwise,’’ after ‘‘entities’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(in-cluding the costs of equipment, salaries and benefits, and travel and training)’’ after ‘‘Program under this section’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘by 100’’ 
and inserting ‘‘by 100, or such number as de-termined necessary by the Secretary to carry out the Program,’’. 
SEC. 7. ESTABLISHING MEDICARE ADMINISTRA-
TIVE CONTRACTOR ERROR REDUC-TION INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1874A(b)(1)(D) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk– 1(b)(1)(D)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘
QUALITY .—The Secretary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ QUALITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clauses (ii) 
and (iii), the Secretary’’; and 
(2) by inserting after clause (i), as added by 
paragraph (1), the following new clauses: 
‘‘(ii) I MPROPER PAYMENT RATE REDUCTION  
INCENTIVES .—The Secretary shall provide in-
centives for medicare administrative con-tractors to reduce the improper payment error rates in their jurisdictions. 
‘‘(iii) I
NCENTIVES .—The incentives provided 
for under clause (ii)— 
‘‘(I) may include a sliding scale of award 
fee payments and additional incentives to medicare administrative contractors that ei-ther reduce the improper payment rates in their jurisdictions to certain thresholds, as determined by the Secretary, or accomplish tasks, as determined by the Secretary, that further improve payment accuracy; and 
‘‘(II) may include substantial reductions in 
award fee payments under cost-plus-award- fee contracts, for medicare administrative contractors that reach an upper end im-proper payment rate threshold or other threshold as determined by the Secretary, or fail to accomplish tasks, as determined by the Secretary, that further improve payment accuracy.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to contracts en-tered into or renewed on or after the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) A
PPLICATION TO EXISTING CONTRACTS .— 
In the case of contracts in existence on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and that are not subject to the effective date under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, when appropriate and practicable, seek to apply the incentives provided for in the amendments made by subsection (a) through contract modifica-tions. 
SEC. 8. STRENGTHENING PENALTIES FOR THE IL-
LEGAL DISTRIBUTION OF A MEDI-CARE, MEDICAID, OR CHIP BENE-FICIARY IDENTIFICATION OR BILL-ING PRIVILEGES. 
Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) Whoever without lawful authority 
knowingly and willfully purchases, sells or distributes, or arranges for the purchase, sale, or distribution of a beneficiary identi-fication number or unique health identifier for a health care provider under title XVIII, title XIX, or title XXI shall be imprisoned for not more than 10 years or fined not more than $500,000 ($1,000,000 in the case of a cor-poration), or both.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.018 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8861 December 18, 2015 
SEC. 9. IMPROVING THE SHARING OF DATA BE-
TWEEN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AND STATE MEDICAID PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health 
and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a plan to encourage and facilitate the participation of States in the Medicare-Medicaid Data Match Program (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Medi-Medi Program’’) under section 1893(g) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(g)). 
(b) P
ROGRAM REVISIONS TOIMPROVE MEDI- 
MEDIDATA MATCH PROGRAM PARTICIPATION  
BYSTATES .—Section 1893(g)(1)(A) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ddd(g)(1)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
inserting ‘‘or otherwise’’ after ‘‘eligible enti-ties’’; 
(2) in clause (i)— (A) by inserting ‘‘to review claims data’’ 
after ‘‘algorithms’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘service, time, or patient’’ 
and inserting ‘‘provider, service, time, or pa-tient’’; 
(3) in clause (ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘to investigate and re-
cover amounts with respect to suspect claims’’ after ‘‘appropriate actions’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a 
semicolon; 
(4) in clause (iii), by striking the period 
and inserting‘‘ ; and’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iv) furthering the Secretary’s design, de-
velopment, installation, or enhancement of an automated data system architecture— 
‘‘(I) to collect, integrate, and assess data 
for purposes of program integrity, program oversight, and administration, including the Medi-Medi Program; and 
‘‘(II) that improves the coordination of re-
quests for data from States.’’. 
(c) P
ROVIDING STATES WITHDATA ON IM-
PROPER PAYMENTS MADE FOR ITEMS OR SERV-
ICES PROVIDED TO DUAL ELIGIBLE INDIVID -
UALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop and implement a plan that allows each State agency responsible for administering a State plan for medical assistance under title XIX of the Social Security Act access to rel-evant data on improper or fraudulent pay-ments made under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) for health care items or services provided to dual eligible individ-uals. 
(2) D
UAL ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘dual eligible indi-vidual’’ means an individual who is entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395c et seq.), or enrolled for benefits under part B of title XVIII of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), and is eligible for med-ical assistance under a State plan under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) or under a waiver of such plan. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MICROBEAD-FREE WATERS ACT OF 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 1321, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1321) to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to prohibit the manufacture and introduction or deliv-ery for introduction into interstate com-merce of rinse-off cosmetics containing in-tentionally-added plastic microbeads. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, 
across the country, many State and local governments, including counties in New York, have moved to ban prod-ucts that contain plastic microbeads. 
Because of their leadership and be-
cause of the advocacy from scientists and others who have shown us the dam-age that microbeads can do, Congress came together to unanimously ban plastic microbeads from rinse-off cos-metic products. 
This is a great bill, and it shows that 
we can pass smart environmental legis-lation here in Washington. 
Plastic microbeads are the tiny 
pieces of plastic that we often see in toothpaste, hand lotion, or various other personal care products. 
When we brush our teeth and wash 
our face, most of us don’t consider these acts to be harmful in any way. 
But plastic microbeads are smaller 
than 5 millimeters in size, which means they are too small to be captured by the filtration systems in our water treatment centers. 
So these plastic microbeads end up 
leaching into our lakes, our rivers, our streams, our bays, and even our drink-ing water supplies. 
It might be surprising that a piece of 
plastic so small can cause such out-sized damage. 
But we have heard from a wide range 
of constituents and business groups that all recognize the damage, and all recommended that Congress act to re-move plastic microbeads from the mar-ketplace. 
We have heard it from the fishing in-
dustry, from the tourism industry, from the culinary industry. Even the cosmetics industry is supportive of this ban. Many cosmetics companies have already voluntarily stopped using microbeads themselves. 
When tiny plastic microbeads get 
into the water, they attract pollutants that are already in the water, and they concentrate these pollutants to poten-tially dangerous levels. 
Fish don’t know what microbeads 
are, so they eat them and end up in-gesting all of the pollutants stuck on the microbeads. 
This disrupts the food chain, it con-
taminates huge portions of the wildlife population, and it hurts our commer-cial and recreational fishing industries, because they can’t sell—and we can’t eat—fish that are filled with toxic plas-tic. 
Many of our counties, cities, and 
States took the lead on this issue, and they should be commended for that. But local action isn’t enough to solve a 
nationwide problem like this—not when so many communities in different States are connected by the same bod-ies of water—because no one is immune when our waterways are contaminated. 
Congress had a responsibility to act— 
to stop the flow of microbeads into our waterways. 
And today we are doing our job in 
passing this Federal ban on these prod-ucts. 
The Microbead-Free Waters Act of 
2015 will prohibit the manufacture of rinse-off cosmetic products containing plastic microbeads starting in 2017 and will ensure that they are off retail shelves by 2018. 
And while this bill preempts States 
from regulating rinse-off products con-taining plastic microbeads differently from the Federal ban, individual States will still have the ability to restrict microbeads in other types of products. 
Additionally, the preemption lan-
guage in this bill restricts their manu-facture and distribution in interstate commerce and should not prevent States or local governments from regu-lating how microbeads are disposed of under laws such as the Clean Water Act. 
States can also co-enforce the Fed-
eral ban by enacting identical laws. 
This is a great bipartisan bill. And it 
is a smart step forward, as we look for new ways to protect our environment. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 1321) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ELECTRIFY AFRICA ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 291, S. 2152. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2152) to establish a comprehen-
sive United States Government policy to en-courage the efforts of countries in sub-Saha-ran Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity ac-cess in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amend-ments. 
(Omit the parts in boldface brackets 
and insert the parts printed in italic.) 
S. 2152 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.018 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8862 December 18, 2015 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Electrify Af-
rica Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to encourage the 
efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to improve access to affordable and reliable electricity in Africa in order to unlock the potential for inclusive economic growth, job 
creation, food security, improved health, education, and environmental outcomes, and poverty reduction. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to 
partner, consult, and coordinate with the governments of sub-Saharan African coun-tries, international financial institutions, and African regional economic communities, cooperatives, and the private sector, in a concerted effort to— 
(1) promote first-time access to power and 
power services for at least 50,000,000 people in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020 in both urban and rural areas; 
(2) encourage the installation of at least 
20,000 additional megawatts of electrical power in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020 using a broad mix of energy options to help reduce poverty, promote sustainable development, and drive inclusive economic growth; 
(3) promote non-discriminatory reliable, af-
fordable, and sustainable power in urban areas (including small urban areas) to pro-mote economic growth and job creation; 
(4) promote policies to facilitate public-pri-
vate partnerships to provide non-discrimina-
tory reliable, sustainable, and affordable elec-
trical service to rural and underserved popu-lations; 
(5) encourage the necessary in-country re-
forms, including facilitating public-private partnerships specifically to support elec-tricity access projects to make such expan-sion of power access possible; 
(6) promote reforms of power production, 
delivery, and pricing, as well as regulatory reforms and transparency, to support long- term, market-based power generation and distribution; 
(7) promote policies to displace kerosene 
lighting with other technologies; and 
(8) promote an all-of-the-above energy de-
velopment strategy for sub-Saharan Africa that includes the use of oil, natural gas, coal, hydroelectric, wind, solar, and geo-thermal power, and other sources of energy. 
SEC. 4. DEVELOPMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE, 
MULTIYEAR STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall estab-
lish a comprehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of coun-tries in sub-Saharan Africa to implement na-tional power strategies and develop an ap-propriate mix of power solutions to provide access to sufficient reliable, affordable, and sustainable power in order to reduce poverty and drive economic growth and job creation consistent with the policy stated in section 3. 
(2) F
LEXIBILITY AND RESPONSIVENESS .—The 
President shall ensure that the strategy re-quired under paragraph (1) maintains suffi-cient flexibility for and remains responsive to concerns and interests of affected local com-
munities and technological innovation in the 
power sector. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that contains the strategy required under sub-section (a) and includes a discussion of the following elements: (1) The objectives of the strategy and the 
criteria for determining the success of the strategy. 
(2) A general description of efforts in sub- 
Saharan Africa to— 
(A) increase power production; (B) strengthen electrical transmission and 
distribution infrastructure; 
(C) provide for regulatory reform and 
transparent and accountable governance and oversight; 
(D) improve the reliability of power; (E) maintain the affordability of power; (F) maximize the financial sustainability 
of the power sector; and 
(G) improve øaccess to power ¿ non-discrimi-
natory access to power that is done in consulta-tion with affected communities . 
(3) A description of plans to support efforts 
of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to in-crease access to power in urban and rural areas, including a description of plans de-signed to address commercial, industrial, and residential needs. 
(4) A description of plans to support efforts 
to reduce waste and corruption , ensure local 
community consultation, and improve existing 
power generation through the use of a broad power mix, including fossil fuel and renew-able energy, distributed generation models, energy efficiency, and other technological innovations, as appropriate. 
(5) An analysis of existing mechanisms for 
ensuring, and recommendations to pro-mote— 
(A) commercial cost recovery; (B) commercialization of electric service 
through distribution service providers, in-cluding cooperatives, to consumers; 
(C) improvements in revenue cycle man-
agement, power pricing, and fees assessed for service contracts and connections; 
(D) reductions in technical losses and com-
mercial losses; and 
(E) non-discriminatory access to power, in-
cluding recommendations on the creation of new service provider models that mobilize community participation in the provision of power services. 
(6) A description of the reforms being un-
dertaken or planned by countries in sub-Sa-haran Africa to ensure the long-term eco-nomic viability of power projects and to in-crease access to power, including— 
(A) reforms designed to allow third parties 
to connect power generation to the grid; 
(B) policies to ensure there is a viable and 
independent utility regulator; 
(C) strategies to ensure utilities become or 
remain creditworthy; 
(D) regulations that permit the participa-
tion of independent power producers and pri-vate-public partnerships; 
(E) policies that encourage private sector 
and cooperative investment in power genera-tion; 
(F) policies that ensure compensation for 
power provided to the electrical grid by on- site producers; 
(G) policies to unbundle power services; (H) regulations to eliminate conflicts of in-
terest in the utility sector; 
(I) efforts to develop standardized power 
purchase agreements and other contracts to streamline project development; øand ¿ 
(J) efforts to negotiate and monitor com-
pliance with power purchase agreements and other contracts entered into with the private øsector. ¿ sector; and 
(K) policies that promote local community 
consultation with respect to the development of power generation and transmission projects. 
(7) A description of plans to ensure mean-
ingful local consultation, as appropriate, in the planning, long-term maintenance, and management of investments designed to in-crease access to power in sub-Saharan Afri-ca. (8) A description of the mechanisms to be 
established for— 
(A) selection of partner countries for fo-
cused engagement on the power sector; 
(B) monitoring and evaluating increased 
access to, and reliability and affordability of, power in sub-Saharan Africa; 
(C) maximizing the financial sustainability 
of power generation, transmission, and dis-tribution in sub-Saharan Africa; 
(D) establishing metrics to demonstrate 
progress on meeting goals relating to access to power, power generation, and distribution in sub-Saharan Africa; and 
(E) terminating unsuccessful programs. (9) A description of how the President in-
tends to promote trade in electrical equip-ment with countries in sub-Saharan Africa, including a description of how the govern-ment of each country receiving assistance pursuant to the strategy— 
(A) plans to lower or eliminate import tar-
iffs or other taxes for energy and other power production and distribution tech-nologies destined for sub-Saharan Africa, in-cluding equipment used to provide energy access, including solar lanterns, solar home systems, and micro and mini grids; and 
(B) plans to protect the intellectual prop-
erty of companies designing and manufac-turing products that can be used to provide energy access in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(10) A description of how the President in-
tends to encourage the growth of distributed renewable energy markets in sub-Saharan Africa, including off-grid lighting and power, that includes— 
(A) an analysis of the state of distributed 
renewable energy in sub-Saharan Africa; 
(B) a description of market barriers to the 
deployment of distributed renewable energy technologies both on- and off-grid in sub-Sa-haran Africa; 
(C) an analysis of the efficacy of efforts by 
the Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to facilitate the fi-nancing of the importation, distribution, sale, leasing, or marketing of distributed re-newable energy technologies; and 
(D) a description of how bolstering distrib-
uted renewable energy can enhance the over-all effort to increase power access in sub-Sa-haran Africa. 
(11) A description of plans to ensure that 
small and medium enterprises based in sub- Saharan Africa can fairly compete for en-ergy development and energy access opportu-nities associated with this Act. 
(c) I
NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may, as ap-
propriate, establish an Interagency Working Group to coordinate the activities of rel-evant United States Government depart-ments and agencies involved in carrying out the strategy required under this section. 
(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Interagency Working 
Group may, among other things— 
(A) seek to coordinate the activities of the 
United States Government departments and agencies involved in implementing the strat-egy required under this section; 
(B) ensure efficient and effective coordina-
tion between participating departments and agencies; and 
(C) facilitate information sharing, and co-
ordinate partnerships between the United States Government, the private sector, and other development partners to achieve the goals of the strategy. 
SEC. 5. PRIORITIZATION OF EFFORTS AND AS-
SISTANCE FOR POWER PROJECTS IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA BY KEY UNITED STATES INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In pursuing the policy 
goals described in section 3, the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Director of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.019 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8863 December 18, 2015 
Trade and Development Agency, the Over-
seas Private Investment Corporation, and the Chief Executive Officer and Board of Di-rectors of the Millennium Challenge Cor-poration should, as appropriate, prioritize and expedite institutional efforts and assist-ance to facilitate the involvement of such in-stitutions in power projects and markets, both on- and off-grid, in sub-Saharan Africa and partner with other investors and local institutions in sub-Saharan Africa, including private sector actors, to specifically increase access to reliable, affordable, and sustain-able power in sub-Saharan Africa, including 
through— 
(1) maximizing the number of people with 
new access to power and power services; 
(2) improving and expanding the genera-
tion, transmission and distribution of power; 
(3) providing reliable power to people and 
businesses in urban and rural communities; 
(4) addressing the energy needs of 
marginalized people living in areas where 
there is little or no access to a power grid and developing plans to systematically in-crease coverage in rural areas; 
(5) reducing transmission and distribution 
losses and improving end-use efficiency and demand-side management; 
(6) reducing energy-related impediments to 
business productivity and investment; and 
(7) building the capacity of countries in 
sub-Saharan Africa to monitor and appro-priately and transparently regulate the power sector and encourage private invest-ment in power production and distribution. 
(b) E
FFECTIVENESS MEASUREMENT .—In 
prioritizing and expediting institutional ef-forts and assistance pursuant to this section, as appropriate, such institutions shall use clear, accountable, and metric-based targets to measure the effectiveness of such guaran-tees and assistance in achieving the goals de-scribed in section 3. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize modifying or limiting the portfolio of the in-stitutions covered by subsection (a) in other developing regions. 
SEC. 6. LEVERAGING INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT. 
In implementing the strategy described in 
section 4, the President should direct the United States representatives to appropriate international bodies to use the influence of the United States, consistent with the broad development goals of the United States, to advocate that each such body— 
(1) commit to significantly increase efforts 
to promote investment in well-designed power sector and electrification projects in sub-Saharan Africa that increase energy ac-cess, in partnership with the private sector and consistent with the host countries’ ab-sorptive capacity; 
(2) address energy needs of individuals and 
communities where access to an electricity grid is impractical or cost-prohibitive; 
(3) enhance coordination with the private 
sector in sub-Saharan Africa to increase ac-cess to electricity; 
(4) provide technical assistance to the reg-
ulatory authorities of sub-Saharan African governments to remove unnecessary barriers to investment in otherwise commercially viable projects; and 
(5) utilize clear, accountable, and metric- 
based targets to measure the effectiveness of such projects. 
SEC. 7. PROGRESS REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than three 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on progress made toward achieving the strategy described in section 4 that includes the fol-lowing: (1) A report on United States programs 
supporting implementation of policy and leg-islative changes leading to increased power generation and access in sub-Saharan Africa, including a description of the number, type, and status of policy, regulatory, and legisla-tive changes initiated or implemented as a result of programs funded or supported by the United States in countries in sub-Saha-ran Africa to support increased power gen-eration and access after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(2) A description of power projects receiv-
ing United States Government support and how such projects, including off-grid efforts, are intended to achieve the strategy de-scribed in section 4. 
(3) For each project described in paragraph 
(2)— 
(A) a description of how the project fits 
into, or encourages modifications of, the na-
tional energy plan of the country in which the project will be carried out, including en-couraging regulatory reform in that county; 
(B) an estimate of the total cost of the 
project to the consumer, the country in which the project will be carried out, and other investors; 
(C) the amount of financing provided or 
guaranteed by the United States Govern-ment for the project; 
(D) an estimate of United States Govern-
ment resources for the project, itemized by funding source, including from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, the Department of the Treasury, and other appropriate United States Government departments and agencies; 
(E) an estimate of the number and regional 
locations of individuals, communities, busi-
nesses, schools, and health facilities that have gained power connections as a result of the project, with a description of how the re-liability, affordability, and sustainability of power has been improved as of the date of the report; 
(F) an assessment of the increase in the 
number of people and businesses with access to power, and in the operating electrical power capacity in megawatts as a result of the project between the date of the enact-ment of this Act and the date of the report; 
(G) a description of efforts to gain mean-
ingful local consultation for projects associ-ated with this Act and any significant esti-mated noneconomic effects of the efforts car-ried out pursuant to this Act; and 
(H) a description of the participation by 
small and medium enterprises based in sub- Saharan Africa on projects associated with this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to; the Corker amendment at the desk be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendments 
were agreed to. 
The amendment (No. 2939) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) 
On page 3, line 21, strike ‘‘technologies; 
and’’ and insert ‘‘technologies;’’. 
On page 4, line 2, strike ‘‘energy.’’ and in-
sert the following: ‘‘energy; and 
(9) promote and increase the use of private 
financing and seek ways to remove barriers to private financing and assistance for projects, including through charitable orga-nizations. On page 10, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(12) A description of how United States in-
vestments to increase access to energy in sub-Saharan Africa may reduce the need for foreign aid and development assistance in the future. 
(13) A description of policies or regula-
tions, both domestically and internationally, that create barriers to private financing of the projects undertaken in this Act. 
(14) A description of the specific national 
security benefits to the United States that will be derived from increased energy access in sub-Saharan Africa. 
On page 13, between lines 8 and 9, insert 
the following: 
(c) P
ROMOTION OF USE OF PRIVATE FINANC -
ING AND ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out poli-
cies under this section, such institutions shall promote the use of private financing and assistance and seek ways to remove bar-riers to private financing for projects and programs under this Act, including through charitable organizations. 
On page 13, line 9, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert 
‘‘(d)’’. 
The bill (S. 2152), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2152 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Electrify Af-
rica Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to encourage the 
efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to improve access to affordable and reliable electricity in Africa in order to unlock the potential for inclusive economic growth, job creation, food security, improved health, education, and environmental outcomes, and poverty reduction. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to 
partner, consult, and coordinate with the governments of sub-Saharan African coun-tries, international financial institutions, and African regional economic communities, cooperatives, and the private sector, in a concerted effort to— 
(1) promote first-time access to power and 
power services for at least 50,000,000 people in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020 in both urban and rural areas; 
(2) encourage the installation of at least 
20,000 additional megawatts of electrical power in sub-Saharan Africa by 2020 using a broad mix of energy options to help reduce poverty, promote sustainable development, and drive inclusive economic growth; 
(3) promote non-discriminatory reliable, 
affordable, and sustainable power in urban areas (including small urban areas) to pro-mote economic growth and job creation; 
(4) promote policies to facilitate public-pri-
vate partnerships to provide non-discrimina-tory reliable, sustainable, and affordable electrical service to rural and underserved populations; 
(5) encourage the necessary in-country re-
forms, including facilitating public-private partnerships specifically to support elec-tricity access projects to make such expan-sion of power access possible; 
(6) promote reforms of power production, 
delivery, and pricing, as well as regulatory reforms and transparency, to support long- term, market-based power generation and distribution; 
(7) promote policies to displace kerosene 
lighting with other technologies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.019 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8864 December 18, 2015 
(8) promote an all-of-the-above energy de-
velopment strategy for sub-Saharan Africa that includes the use of oil, natural gas, coal, hydroelectric, wind, solar, and geo-thermal power, and other sources of energy; and 
(9) promote and increase the use of private 
financing and seek ways to remove barriers to private financing and assistance for projects, including through charitable orga-nizations. 
SEC. 4. DEVELOPMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE, 
MULTIYEAR STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President shall estab-
lish a comprehensive, integrated, multiyear strategy to encourage the efforts of coun-tries in sub-Saharan Africa to implement na-tional power strategies and develop an ap-propriate mix of power solutions to provide access to sufficient reliable, affordable, and sustainable power in order to reduce poverty and drive economic growth and job creation consistent with the policy stated in section 3. 
(2) F
LEXIBILITY AND RESPONSIVENESS .—The 
President shall ensure that the strategy re-quired under paragraph (1) maintains suffi-cient flexibility for and remains responsive to concerns and interests of affected local communities and technological innovation in the power sector. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that contains the strategy required under sub-section (a) and includes a discussion of the following elements: 
(1) The objectives of the strategy and the 
criteria for determining the success of the strategy. 
(2) A general description of efforts in sub- 
Saharan Africa to— 
(A) increase power production; (B) strengthen electrical transmission and 
distribution infrastructure; 
(C) provide for regulatory reform and 
transparent and accountable governance and oversight; 
(D) improve the reliability of power; (E) maintain the affordability of power; (F) maximize the financial sustainability 
of the power sector; and 
(G) improve non-discriminatory access to 
power that is done in consultation with af-fected communities. 
(3) A description of plans to support efforts 
of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to in-crease access to power in urban and rural areas, including a description of plans de-signed to address commercial, industrial, and residential needs. 
(4) A description of plans to support efforts 
to reduce waste and corruption, ensure local community consultation, and improve exist-ing power generation through the use of a broad power mix, including fossil fuel and re-newable energy, distributed generation mod-els, energy efficiency, and other techno-logical innovations, as appropriate. 
(5) An analysis of existing mechanisms for 
ensuring, and recommendations to pro-mote— 
(A) commercial cost recovery; (B) commercialization of electric service 
through distribution service providers, in-cluding cooperatives, to consumers; 
(C) improvements in revenue cycle man-
agement, power pricing, and fees assessed for service contracts and connections; 
(D) reductions in technical losses and com-
mercial losses; and 
(E) non-discriminatory access to power, in-
cluding recommendations on the creation of new service provider models that mobilize community participation in the provision of 
power services. 
(6) A description of the reforms being un-
dertaken or planned by countries in sub-Sa-haran Africa to ensure the long-term eco-nomic viability of power projects and to in-crease access to power, including— 
(A) reforms designed to allow third parties 
to connect power generation to the grid; 
(B) policies to ensure there is a viable and 
independent utility regulator; 
(C) strategies to ensure utilities become or 
remain creditworthy; 
(D) regulations that permit the participa-
tion of independent power producers and pri-vate-public partnerships; 
(E) policies that encourage private sector 
and cooperative investment in power genera-tion; 
(F) policies that ensure compensation for 
power provided to the electrical grid by on- site producers; 
(G) policies to unbundle power services; (H) regulations to eliminate conflicts of in-
terest in the utility sector; 
(I) efforts to develop standardized power 
purchase agreements and other contracts to streamline project development; 
(J) efforts to negotiate and monitor com-
pliance with power purchase agreements and other contracts entered into with the private sector; and 
(K) policies that promote local community 
consultation with respect to the develop-ment of power generation and transmission projects. 
(7) A description of plans to ensure mean-
ingful local consultation, as appropriate, in the planning, long-term maintenance, and management of investments designed to in-crease access to power in sub-Saharan Afri-ca. 
(8) A description of the mechanisms to be 
established for— 
(A) selection of partner countries for fo-
cused engagement on the power sector; 
(B) monitoring and evaluating increased 
access to, and reliability and affordability of, power in sub-Saharan Africa; 
(C) maximizing the financial sustainability 
of power generation, transmission, and dis-tribution in sub-Saharan Africa; 
(D) establishing metrics to demonstrate 
progress on meeting goals relating to access to power, power generation, and distribution in sub-Saharan Africa; and 
(E) terminating unsuccessful programs. (9) A description of how the President in-
tends to promote trade in electrical equip-ment with countries in sub-Saharan Africa, including a description of how the govern-
ment of each country receiving assistance pursuant to the strategy— 
(A) plans to lower or eliminate import tar-
iffs or other taxes for energy and other power production and distribution tech-nologies destined for sub-Saharan Africa, in-cluding equipment used to provide energy access, including solar lanterns, solar home systems, and micro and mini grids; and 
(B) plans to protect the intellectual prop-
erty of companies designing and manufac-turing products that can be used to provide energy access in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(10) A description of how the President in-
tends to encourage the growth of distributed renewable energy markets in sub-Saharan Africa, including off-grid lighting and power, that includes— 
(A) an analysis of the state of distributed 
renewable energy in sub-Saharan Africa; 
(B) a description of market barriers to the 
deployment of distributed renewable energy technologies both on- and off-grid in sub-Sa-haran Africa; 
(C) an analysis of the efficacy of efforts by 
the Overseas Private Investment Corpora-tion and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to facilitate the fi-
nancing of the importation, distribution, sale, leasing, or marketing of distributed re-newable energy technologies; and 
(D) a description of how bolstering distrib-
uted renewable energy can enhance the over-all effort to increase power access in sub-Sa-haran Africa. 
(11) A description of plans to ensure that 
small and medium enterprises based in sub- Saharan Africa can fairly compete for en-ergy development and energy access opportu-nities associated with this Act. 
(12) A description of how United States in-
vestments to increase access to energy in sub-Saharan Africa may reduce the need for foreign aid and development assistance in the future. 
(13) A description of policies or regula-
tions, both domestically and internationally, that create barriers to private financing of the projects undertaken in this Act. 
(14) A description of the specific national 
security benefits to the United States that will be derived from increased energy access in sub-Saharan Africa. 
(c) I
NTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may, as ap-
propriate, establish an Interagency Working Group to coordinate the activities of rel-evant United States Government depart-ments and agencies involved in carrying out the strategy required under this section. 
(2) F
UNCTIONS .—The Interagency Working 
Group may, among other things— 
(A) seek to coordinate the activities of the 
United States Government departments and agencies involved in implementing the strat-egy required under this section; 
(B) ensure efficient and effective coordina-
tion between participating departments and agencies; and 
(C) facilitate information sharing, and co-
ordinate partnerships between the United States Government, the private sector, and other development partners to achieve the goals of the strategy. 
SEC. 5. PRIORITIZATION OF EFFORTS AND AS-
SISTANCE FOR POWER PROJECTS IN SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA BY KEY UNITED STATES INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In pursuing the policy 
goals described in section 3, the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, the Director of the Trade and Development Agency, the Over-seas Private Investment Corporation, and the Chief Executive Officer and Board of Di-rectors of the Millennium Challenge Cor-poration should, as appropriate, prioritize and expedite institutional efforts and assist-ance to facilitate the involvement of such in-stitutions in power projects and markets, both on- and off-grid, in sub-Saharan Africa and partner with other investors and local institutions in sub-Saharan Africa, including 
private sector actors, to specifically increase access to reliable, affordable, and sustain-able power in sub-Saharan Africa, including through— 
(1) maximizing the number of people with 
new access to power and power services; 
(2) improving and expanding the genera-
tion, transmission and distribution of power; 
(3) providing reliable power to people and 
businesses in urban and rural communities; 
(4) addressing the energy needs of 
marginalized people living in areas where there is little or no access to a power grid and developing plans to systematically in-crease coverage in rural areas; 
(5) reducing transmission and distribution 
losses and improving end-use efficiency and demand-side management; 
(6) reducing energy-related impediments to 
business productivity and investment; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.020 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8865 December 18, 2015 
(7) building the capacity of countries in 
sub-Saharan Africa to monitor and appro-priately and transparently regulate the power sector and encourage private invest-ment in power production and distribution. 
(b) E
FFECTIVENESS MEASUREMENT .—In 
prioritizing and expediting institutional ef-forts and assistance pursuant to this section, as appropriate, such institutions shall use clear, accountable, and metric-based targets to measure the effectiveness of such guaran-tees and assistance in achieving the goals de-scribed in section 3. 
(c) P
ROMOTION OF USE OF PRIVATE FINANC -
ING AND ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out poli-
cies under this section, such institutions shall promote the use of private financing and assistance and seek ways to remove bar-riers to private financing for projects and programs under this Act, including through charitable organizations. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize modifying or limiting the portfolio of the in-stitutions covered by subsection (a) in other developing regions. 
SEC. 6. LEVERAGING INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT. 
In implementing the strategy described in 
section 4, the President should direct the United States representatives to appropriate international bodies to use the influence of the United States, consistent with the broad development goals of the United States, to advocate that each such body— 
(1) commit to significantly increase efforts 
to promote investment in well-designed power sector and electrification projects in sub-Saharan Africa that increase energy ac-cess, in partnership with the private sector and consistent with the host countries’ ab-sorptive capacity; 
(2) address energy needs of individuals and 
communities where access to an electricity grid is impractical or cost-prohibitive; 
(3) enhance coordination with the private 
sector in sub-Saharan Africa to increase ac-cess to electricity; 
(4) provide technical assistance to the reg-
ulatory authorities of sub-Saharan African governments to remove unnecessary barriers to investment in otherwise commercially viable projects; and 
(5) utilize clear, accountable, and metric- 
based targets to measure the effectiveness of such projects. 
SEC. 7. PROGRESS REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than three 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on progress made toward achieving the strategy described in section 4 that includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) A report on United States programs 
supporting implementation of policy and leg-islative changes leading to increased power generation and access in sub-Saharan Africa, including a description of the number, type, and status of policy, regulatory, and legisla-tive changes initiated or implemented as a result of programs funded or supported by the United States in countries in sub-Saha-ran Africa to support increased power gen-eration and access after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
(2) A description of power projects receiv-
ing United States Government support and how such projects, including off-grid efforts, are intended to achieve the strategy de-scribed in section 4. 
(3) For each project described in paragraph 
(2)— 
(A) a description of how the project fits 
into, or encourages modifications of, the na-tional energy plan of the country in which the project will be carried out, including en-
couraging regulatory reform in that county; 
(B) an estimate of the total cost of the 
project to the consumer, the country in which the project will be carried out, and other investors; 
(C) the amount of financing provided or 
guaranteed by the United States Govern-ment for the project; 
(D) an estimate of United States Govern-
ment resources for the project, itemized by funding source, including from the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, the Department of the Treasury, and other appropriate United States Government departments and agencies; 
(E) an estimate of the number and regional 
locations of individuals, communities, busi-nesses, schools, and health facilities that have gained power connections as a result of the project, with a description of how the re-liability, affordability, and sustainability of power has been improved as of the date of the report; 
(F) an assessment of the increase in the 
number of people and businesses with access to power, and in the operating electrical power capacity in megawatts as a result of the project between the date of the enact-ment of this Act and the date of the report; 
(G) a description of efforts to gain mean-
ingful local consultation for projects associ-ated with this Act and any significant esti-mated noneconomic effects of the efforts car-ried out pursuant to this Act; and 
(H) a description of the participation by 
small and medium enterprises based in sub- Saharan Africa on projects associated with this Act. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TOWSON UNI-
VERSITY ON THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE UNIVERSITY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 338, which was sub-mitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 338) congratulating 
Towson University on the 150th anniversary of the founding of the university. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table without no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 338) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVER-
SITY OF IOWA COLLEGE OF LAW FOR 150 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. 
Res. 339, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 339) congratulating 
the University of Iowa College of Law for 150 years of outstanding service to the State of Iowa, the United States, and the world. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleagues for their com-mendation of the 150th anniversary of the University of Iowa College of Law. This makes it the first law school west of the Mississippi to reach that mile-stone. 
In the past 150 years, the college of 
law has served the people of Iowa, the Nation, and the world, and I am pleased, along with my colleague Sen-ator E
RNST , that the resolution con-
gratulates the college of law on its ac-complishments. 
I have been honored to attend some 
of the events celebrating Iowa Law this past year, and the law school should be proud of its vast history of achieve-ment. It is the oldest law school west of the Mississippi River, and it has pro-duced generations of attorneys who have been dedicated to improving and enhancing the practice of law in Iowa and throughout the Nation. Currently, Iowa Law has over 10,000 living alum-nae who practice in Iowa and around the world. 
Iowa was the first State to admit a 
woman to the practice of law. Iowa 
Law followed this tradition when in 1873 it graduated what is believed to be the first female law student in the United States, Mary Hickey. Iowa Law’s second female law student, Mary Haddock, was the first woman admit-ted to the practice of law before the district and circuit courts of the United States. 
Iowa Law was one of the first law 
schools to grant a degree to an African- American student when Alexander Clark, Jr., graduated in 1879—decades before other law schools allowed the enrollment of non-White students. Iowa Law has always been at the fore-front of the legal field, particularly when it comes to diversity. 
Iowa Law has consistently ranked as 
one of the top 10 public law schools in the country and is currently ranked the 22nd best law school in the Nation. 
Throughout the years, Iowa Law has 
maintained its commitment to the legal community and encourages stu-dents to participate in a variety of pro-grams that better Iowa. For example, Iowa Law recently partnered with the Iowa State Bar Association to start a program that trains and recruits law students to work in rural and smalltown practices, providing better access to legal services in these com-munities. Iowa Law offers several clin-ic programs that focus on helping the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.020 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8866 December 18, 2015 
citizens of Iowa and has several pro-
grams to encourage students to provide pro bono legal services. 
For the past 150 years, Iowa Law has 
produced lawyers who embody the motto of the State of Iowa, which is ‘‘Our liberties we prize and our rights we will maintain.’’ 
I congratulate the Iowa College of 
Law on its many achievements, and I am grateful for its continued dedica-tion and commitment to the State of Iowa. 
I yield the floor. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 339) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
WORDS OF THANKS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Before we adjourn, 
Mr. President, I want to say a few words of thanks. 
I would like to thank the members of 
the Secretary of the Senate’s office, which houses everyone from the parlia-mentarians, to members of the dis-bursing office, to the clerks, historians, curators, librarians, and many other offices and individuals who keep the history and dignity of this institution alive. 
I would like to thank the Sergeant 
At Arms’s office and the many hun-dreds of individuals who do everything from keeping us safe to setting up rooms for meetings. 
I also thank the Office of the Archi-
tect of the Capitol, which works daily to preserve this complex, which is more than just a collection of buildings, it is a living part of our Nation’s history. 
I thank the Capitol Police, who are 
prepared to put their lives on the line every day to protect everyone who works in and visits the Capitol. We are grateful for everything they do. 
There are so many others to thank, 
from the committees and their staffs, to the doorkeepers, to the legal coun-sel’s office and the pages. I know I am going to forget many individuals who deserve our thanks. Please know we are thankful for your service and your dedication. 
I ask unanimous consent that a list 
of the young people who serve in the Chamber as Senate pages be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
REPUBLICAN PAGES  
Emma Rose James, Anna Linda Byrd, 
Anna Carmack, Herbert Coleman Martinson, Elaina Joy Urban, Ben M. Courtney, Hannah Elizabeth Michaud, Tatum Buss, John Pat-
rick Tamas, Ally Grayson Driver, Grace McElroy, Jackson Scott Blackwell, Cameron Joseph Knecht, Brett David Brannon, Jr., Haley M. Carbajal, and Easton Ewy. 
DEMOCRATIC PAGES  
Jaclyn Cline, Amina Lampkin, Marshall 
Rawlins, Olivia Rich, Megan Stewart, Marc Tarshis, Thomas Wiesler, C.J. Fowler, Ignacio Mata, Bryce Stack, Blaine Stephens, Colin Gray-Hoehn, Marah Bell, and Aarshi Kibria. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. On the Member 
side, allow me to thank my leadership team. Their counsel is invaluable, and their dedication is without equal. 
Here on the floor, Laura Dove and 
her Republican Cloakroom staff have a tough job making things function every single day. Gary Myrick has a tough job on the Democratic side as well. They deserve recognition from both sides of the aisle for what they do. 
I particularly would like to thank 
my chief of staff, Sharon Soderstrom, for her remarkable work ethic and her obvious talent. She has an impressive team behind her. There are so many I can name, but then we would be here all day, so let me say something they already know. I am certainly thankful for what Sharon and her whole team do every single day. 
I know the Democratic leader feels 
the same way about his chief, Drew Willison, and the members of his staff. 
Let me acknowledge his kind words 
yesterday as well. We both have dif-ficult jobs, and, in my view, the Sen-ators can have strong political dis-agreements without personal animos-ity always accompanying it. I think many of the 99 other Members of this body agree with that sentiment. We can disagree, as we often say, without being disagreeable. That is how this in-stitution is supposed to function, after all. 
I thank Senators for their service to 
this institution. We signed up for a rather challenging job. We often have different ideas about what serving our constituents means, but, as we have proved so often this year, we can still come together to accomplish impor-tant things for our country on edu-cation, transportation, and so many issues, just as we saw again a few min-utes ago with passage of a significant cyber security measure, long-overdue improvements to the Visa Waiver Pro-gram, tax relief for families and small businesses, and other important mat-ters. 
I thanked the chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee the other day for his impressive work on the tax side of that legislation. Senator H
ATCH has been an 
invaluable ally working those issues. 
Passage of the visa waiver reform 
and cyber security legislation are both notable accomplishments for our coun-try, and neither would have been pos-sible without the continued hard work of the chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee, R
ONJOHNSON . I would like to 
express sincere gratitude to the chair-man of the Intelligence Committee, R
ICHARD BURR, for his work on cyber 
security too. 
I know there are many others to 
thank—the chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee and the leadership and members of all the committees who worked many long hours recently in particular. 
I apologize to those I haven’t been 
able to mention, but I want to thank them and to say simply this: I wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year, and happy holidays to everyone. See you in 2016. Rest up because we still have a lot of work to do for the American people. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
OMNIBUS LEGISLATION 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, now that 
the votes have concluded and we have successfully passed our legislation granting tax relief to millions of Amer-icans, I want to take a few minutes to express my gratitude. 
This has been a very long and some-
times difficult process, but it has at al-most every step been bipartisan and co-operative. I also think the results speak for themselves. This legislation, the PATH Act, will help families and job creators and grow our economy. This legislation will allow businesses and run-of-the-mill taxpayers to more effectively plan for their future. This legislation will pave the way for com-prehensive tax reform, and this legisla-tion will relieve the pressure we face every year on tax extenders and end the cliff-or-crisis mentality that sur-rounds much of our tax policy. It is, quite simply, a win for good govern-ment—the last of many we have en-joyed in what has been a very produc-tive year here in the Senate. 
I am pleased to have had the oppor-
tunity to work on this important bill and am even more pleased to see it fi-nally passed through both the House and the Senate. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who worked to make this possible, who set aside partisanship and allowed both parties to realize their top priorities in this legislation without seeing it as a loss to their side. 
Here in the Senate, I, of course, want 
to thank Senator W
YDEN , who has been 
an effective and valuable partner in all of our efforts on the Finance Com-mittee this year. 
I really need to thank all of the 
members of the Finance Committee and their staffs who worked extraor-dinarily hard on the tax extenders issue throughout this entire year. 
I also thank our distinguished major-
ity leader, who recognized the oppor-tunity to get another big accomplish-ment through the Senate this year and pushed to help us get the substance of the bill in place, and he worked tire-lessly to get it across the goal line. 
Thanks also to our majority whip for 
leading another successful effort to se-cure the vote and shore up support within our conference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.044 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8867 December 18, 2015 
I also thank our distinguished minor-
ity leader as well. Although he and I are friends, we are quite often in dis-agreement on issues before the Senate. But in this effort, we were able to find a lot of common ground, and he worked hard to get us where we needed to be and was extremely effective in leading his conference. 
Over on the other side of the Capitol, 
I need to thank the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, K
EVIN 
BRADY . Chairman B RADY is pretty new 
to his position, but he worked as a sea-soned veteran in putting this bill to-gether. He is, quite simply, an excep-tional and excellent legislator. 
I thank Speaker R
YAN for his work 
on this as well. He and I have worked well together over the past year and enjoyed a lot of victories. This is one of the biggest and most consequential, and I think he would agree. 
I also need to pay tribute to our 
staffs who put in so much time and ef-fort to get this endeavor off the ground and to see it through to the finish. On both sides of the aisle, there have been a lot of late nights, early mornings, and neglected families during these final weeks. I really can’t thank them enough. 
On my Finance Committee staff, I 
need to thank our tax team, led as al-ways by the indefatigable Mark Prater, my chief tax counsel and deputy staff director. We all know and love Mark here in the Senate, and this bill, like every major tax bill over the last quar-ter century, has his fingerprints all over it. I need to thank my tax coun-sel, Jim Lyons, for spearheading yet another tax extenders effort, along with the rest of the Republican tax team: Preston Rutledge, Jeff Wrase, Tony Coughlan, Eric Oman, Chris-topher Hanna, Nick Wyatt, and Sam Beaver. 
I also need to thank Jay Khosla, my 
policy director and chief health coun-sel for his work on the health care issues we address in this bill and for his overall leadership in this process. Also on the health side, I want to thank Katie Simeon, one of the best health staffers on Capitol Hill. I also want to express particular thanks to Chris Campbell—he is my incomparable staff director—for shepherding another high- profile effort and major success for the Senate Finance Committee. 
I want to thank other members of my 
senior team, including Julia Lawless, Aaron Fobes, and Bryan Hickman for their work in the press and commu-nications outreach and, of course, in building coalitions. I really do have the best committee staff in Congress, a statement I make without reservation. But with all due respect to my col-leagues and their staffs, I have to make that statement. 
On Ranking Member W
YDEN ’s staff, I 
need to thank his tax team, particu-larly Todd Metcalf, who led the efforts for the other side and was a key liaison with the White House on these issues. Thanks also to the rest of the Demo-cratic tax team: Tiffany Smith, Ryan 
Abraham, Chris Arneson, Robert An-dres, Kara Getz, Adam Carasso, and Todd Wooten. I also want to than Ranking Member W
YDEN ’s health team. 
From Majority Leader M CCONNELL ’s 
office, I want to thank Sharon Soderstrom, Hazen Marshall, Brendan Dunn, Scott Raab, Don Stewart, and Antonia Ferrier for all they did to help put this bill together, to negotiate the package, and to shore up enough votes to get it done. Thanks also to Monica Popp and Jane Lee from the majority whip’s office. From Minority Leader R
EID’s office, I want to thank Drew 
Willison, Ellen Doneski, and Kate Leone. 
Over on the House side, I want to 
thank Chairman B
RADY ’s tax team, led 
by George Callas, and Dave Stewart for their work on this legislation. From Speaker R
YAN’s staff, I want to thank 
Austin Smythe and Dave Hoppe. 
Of course, no tax effort is ever com-
pleted without the vital assistance of-fered by the staff at the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation. I want to thank JCT’s chief of staff, Tom Barthold, and all of his great staff for the long hours they put in to make this sure this bill was put together right. 
Finally, I want to acknowledge the 
help we got from the Senate legislative counsel’s office, particularly from Mark McGunagle, Vince Gaiani, Alli-son Otto, and Jim Fransen. Thanks to all of them as well. 
As you can see, it took a lot of people 
to put this bill together and get it passed. I am sure I have not mentioned everyone who played a role. Once again, I am very pleased to have been a part of this huge effort that we have been in a rush to get to this point at the end of the year. I think we all have a chance to reflect on the implications of what we have been able to do. We will all recognize the truly historic na-ture of this very important piece of tax legislation. 
f 
PUERTO RICO 
Mr. HATCH. Now, Mr. President, be-
fore the Senate adjourns for the year, I want to speak once again on Puerto Rico’s financial and economic chal-lenges. Yesterday, we heard frustration from a number of my friends on the other side of the aisle about the fact that the end-of-the-year legislative ve-hicles did not include any changes in bankruptcy law to make Puerto Rico eligible for chapter 9 and to allow those to protections to be retroactively ap-plied to its debts. 
Sadly, we also heard a number of 
misrepresentations, false claims, and statements that effectively impugn Re-publican motives as we are working to address the Puerto Rican challenges. Boiling it all down, some of my friends on the other side of the aisle argued that Republicans are somehow holding up retroactive chapter 9 eligibility for Puerto Rico in order to protect inter-ests of ‘‘hedge funds’’—of all things. To back that claim, loose numbers, appar-
ently drawn from some kind of random number generator were put forward, claiming that hedge funds hold maybe anywhere between 15 to perhaps 50 per-cent of Puerto Rico’s outstanding debt of over $73 billion. 
Conveniently, they did not go into 
great lengths to define the term ‘‘hedge funds,’’ making it pretty easy to throw numbers around without a clear link to any real discernable facts. Nonetheless, even if so-called hedge funds held 50 percent of Puerto Rico’s debt, the re-maining 50 percent is held by others, including millions of retirees and near- retirees spread across our country and in Puerto Rico itself. That includes mom-and-pop investors in Florida, the State of Washington, Connecticut, Illi-nois, Utah, and every other State, and in Puerto Rico itself. 
Of course, those complicating facts 
do not seem to matter to some of my friends who claim that anyone not in favor of immediately chapter 9 eligi-bility for Puerto Rico must be a shill for hedge funds. That is total bull. 
They should tell that to the retiree 
who, once bankruptcy proceedings re-sult in reduced payments on bonds issued with the understanding and ex-pectation that current law would apply to debt being issued, would wake up to the news that their nest egg had sud-denly taken a hit. Of course, those mid-dle-class investors, the millions that aren’t wealthy venture capitalists, would likely not be aware that their modest portfolio took that hit because some Senators have lumped them into some vaguely defined category of rich fat cats who don’t deserve the protec-tions of the law. 
If we are going to have the debate 
about these issues, we are going to need to specify exactly what we are talking about, not only with regard to who will actually be impacted by the proposed bankruptcy change, but also about what the change would actually do. Yesterday, many of my friends on the other side suggested here on the floor that Republicans are simply de-nying tools to Puerto Rico that are currently available to municipalities in all 50 States. However, that is a mis-representation. My colleagues are not simply demanding that Puerto Rico be given access to chapter 9 restructuring authority for fresh debt offerings. They want that authority, plus an additional allowance for Puerto Rico to retro-actively apply chapter 9 to debts al-ready issued. That is for debts issued under current conditions that explic-itly do not allow for application of chapter 9, which lenders took into ac-count when formulating the terms of their contracts with Puerto Rico. 
Our friends want to change the rules 
after that fact—or those facts. That is not, in the words of one of my col-leagues, ‘‘the very same tools that are available to municipalities in all 50 States.’’ That is a post-hoc change to lending conditions which carry far more serious rule-of-law implications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.046 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8868 December 18, 2015 
than my friends want to acknowledge. 
No matter, they say; those pesky rule- of-law concerns are almost irrelevant. 
Lenders, according to my colleagues, 
knew perfectly well that rules of the lending transaction can be changed by the Federal Government after the fact. Lenders, they say, know that the Fed-eral Government can step in and expro-priate wealth and change conditions of an agreement after expectations have been formed and the conditions of the transactions have been agreed upon. 
Well, the Federal Government can do 
many things, I suppose. But that does not ensure that what it does is good policy, nor does it mean that anyone entering into any contract should build into the terms and expectation that Congress, simply because it can, will step in and change the rules mid-stream. Yet my friends on the other side have casually and even flippantly suggested that all of Puerto Rico’s creditors knew, or at least should have known, that the laws governing their debt transactions are subject to change at any time. 
In any event, who cares? After all, 
according to my friends, we are only talking about a bunch of rich hedge fund managers. 
I think every Senator here rep-
resenting every State in the Union should care. If it is what the majority wants, we can go ahead and cast aside expectations on credits already issued. But we should then, at the very least, be willing to consider that such actions will alter expectations of creditors moving forward. 
That could easily mean higher costs 
of borrowing to every municipality in every State of the Union, and in every territory. These are not itty-bitty things. That would include Puerto Rico, Utah, Florida, the State of Wash-ington, New Jersey, Connecticut, Illi-nois, and all of the rest. Even with all of these obvious yet unaddressed con-siderations, my friends yesterday de-cried that chapter 9 authority was not being granted to Puerto Rico this week. 
Yet in discussions I have had with 
Democrats in Congress and with ad-ministration officials, chapter 9 is not even what they really want, nor is it applicable. What they really want and what they have made clear to me is something far broader, which would not only give municipalities in Puerto Rico access to chapter 9, but also a brand new bankruptcy authority cre-ated out of whole cloth, which encom-passes all of Puerto Rico’s $73 billion or more of debt and includes pension obli-gations of well over $40 billion. 
These are serious problems. You can-
not flippantly think they are solved just by passing a law. That is not chap-ter 9, by the way; it is all new bank-ruptcy authority. That new authority, which is not what Democratic Senators talked about on the floor yesterday, also includes ‘‘general obligation’’ debt of Puerto Rico, which enjoys special protection under Puerto Rico’s own constitution, which is apparently of 
little consequence to my friends’ agen-da. 
The question I have is, If we are 
going to get in the business of ignoring rule-of-law issues and creating fresh new bankruptcy law and provisions for a U.S. territory—which does not have that, neither do the other territories— why would not heavily indebted States start to believe that we should do ex-actly the same for them? More impor-tantly, why would creditors not start to believe that as well? 
These moral hazard problems do not 
seem to be an issue for my friends, which, in my view, is both dis-appointing and reflective of some fun-damental misunderstandings of the working of expectations in credit mar-kets. Let’s be clear: I share the frustra-tion of my dear friends on the other side of the aisle when it comes to Puer-to Rico but probably for different rea-sons. I have been working to find ways to address Puerto Rico’s challenges throughout the year, not just in the past couple of weeks. We have been working to do so in a bipartisan way. I have come to the floor and committed on the record to working in good faith with my colleagues toward finding a solution. I am working and will con-tinue to do so. 
Today, I am somewhat frustrated. 
Since August of this year, many others and I have been asking for audit finan-cial statements from the Government of Puerto Rico. Despite assurances that we would receive them, we have not. We have been repeatedly told, and were reminded yesterday, that there is or will be a humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico because of indebtedness and a health system in crisis. 
Yet, despite my numerous inquiries, I 
have heard little from health officials in the administration. What I have heard is that the Department of Health and Human Services seems to be gath-ering data, analyzing the facts, and may be ready to make some adminis-trative changes in a year or two— maybe. In the face of what we are told is a humanitarian crisis, you would think that health officials would have at least had an urgent meeting or two with relevant committees of jurisdic-tion here in Congress. Unfortunately, to my knowledge—and I am that rel-evant chairman here in the Senate— there has been no such outreach. 
Similarly, you would think that 
those in Congress and the administra-tion who are putting forward proposals to grant more health funding for Puer-to Rico would acknowledge the costs of their proposals, particularly given the numerous inquiries I have made in that regard. You would also think they would let us know upfront whether they want to offset any of those costs, and if they do, how they plan to do so. 
I have asked, but I have gotten no re-
sponse. I have also asked administra-tion officials how much is needed for health system relief and what they have in mind when they say it should be provided in a ‘‘fiscally responsible’’ 
way. I have not gotten an answer. 
I worry that parties, including the 
Government of Puerto Rico, have not made sufficient efforts to arrive at a negotiated debt restructuring with creditors, despite encouragement from me and others to get to work. Through-out the year, I have offered to work with anyone who wants to help the peo-ple of Puerto Rico to find a solution. I have worked productively and will con-tinue to do so with administration offi-cials. 
I have had constructive meetings 
with many Puerto Ricans, including the current Governor and others. I have had gracious visits and offers of productive collaboration from inter-ested House Members, including Rep-resentatives V
ELA´ZQUEZ , S ERRANO , 
GUTIE´RREZ , and P IERLUISI . I want that 
to continue. Many of us are intent on persevering and continuing to arrive at solutions. 
Even with incomplete information on 
Puerto Rico’s finances and the reluc-tance of administration health officials to engage, I have joined with Senators M
URKOWSKI and G RASSLEY to put for-
ward tools, funding, and tax relief to help to begin to address what we know about Puerto Rico’s challenges. 
Our bill provides tax relief to work-
ers, tools—but no mandates—to help put pensions on a sustainable path, and oversight and assistance in budgeting, transparent accounting, planning, and attainment of fiscal sustainability. All told, our bill puts forward more than $7 billion of relief without costing Fed-eral personal taxpayers a dime. Let me repeat that—more than $7 billion of re-lief. 
In the interest of bipartisanship, the 
bill was put forward without provo-cation of sensitivities of my friends on the other side of the aisle concerning things such as labor laws, shipping laws, and the like. Nonetheless, the bill was not included in the end-of-year leg-islative vehicles that we voted on today, just as the Democrats’ super chapter 9 proposal was not included. 
Yet if you listened to some of my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle yesterday, you probably walked away with the notion that my Republican colleagues and I are simply shilling for a bunch of hedge fund speculators. You probably thought we were holding up a simple and fair application of tools that everyone else has to adjust and re-structure debt that will not cost the Federal Government anything. You were probably also surprised to learn that Republicans don’t even realize that Puerto Ricans are American citi-zens. I am not making that up. One of my colleagues actually said that. We all know those claims were—to be more blunt than I typically like to be—a bunch of baloney. 
Speaking for myself, I can only say 
that if I am shilling for anyone on this issue, it is for the people of Puerto Rico and not for speculators, hedge funds, unions or standing in political 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.048 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8869 December 18, 2015 
polls. I am not preventing access to 
tools everyone else has because that is not even what my colleagues are ask-ing for. Not only do I realize that Puer-to Ricans are American citizens, I be-lieve the people of Puerto Rico are val-uable and cherished fellow Americans, not political pawns. 
In closing, while others may wish to 
engage in political dart-throwing exer-cises, I am not interested, and I believe it is a disservice to the people of Puer-to Rico, who deserve our continued ef-forts. I intend to continue working with anyone who wants to work with me to arrive at tools, support, and as-sistance that will help the people of Puerto Rico—not particular politicians or interest groups here or on the is-land. My goal, and the goal of anyone who wants to keep working with me or join me anew, is simple: help the peo-ple of Puerto Rico and help get Puerto Rico on a path to fiscal sustainability, economic growth and stability, and greater efficiency in government. 
We can do it. I am dedicated to doing 
it, and we have given them the benefits so they can carry this over until the end of February, maybe into March, while we try to work on what it really should be, a very good resolution of these problems. In the meantime, I hope Puerto Rico will get us their fi-nancials—their audited financials. That would be of great help to us. We have given some time here now because it was impossible to put together a major bill on this matter and have ev-erybody support it. So we have given time, we think we can get this done, and I intend to get it done one way or another the best we possibly can so Puerto Rico isn’t just helped, it will be helped to go into the future, and Puer-to Ricans who have had to leave that territory for jobs will want to return and be members of the citizenry of Puerto Rico again. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Maryland. 
f 
THANKING SENATOR HATCH 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, while 
Senator H ATCH is still on the floor, I 
thank and congratulate him on his work with regard to the tax provisions we just voted on. I am a proud member of the Senate Finance Committee. Sen-ator W
YDEN and Senator H ATCH , work-
ing together in the best tradition of the Senate, were able to bring out an incredibly important bill that will add predictability to our Tax Code and to provide, I think, the right incentives for growth. 
I thank the Senator for the work, and 
I am proud to serve on the Finance Committee. 
Mr. HATCH. If the Senator will yield 
for a comment. 
Mr. CARDIN. I am pleased to yield to 
my friend. 
Mr. HATCH. I thank the Senator. He 
is one of the really good people in this body. I am so grateful he is on the Sen-ate Finance Committee. We have a lot 
of good people in this body, but the Senator from Maryland is one of my fa-vorite people. He works hard, he is very articulate, he is very intelligent, and although he is too liberal for me, he works hand-in-glove with the rest of us on the committee to make things work. Frankly, if I were from Mary-land, I would probably be as liberal as he is. All I can say is that he is a great man to work with, he is a great man in the Senate, and I happen to care a great deal for him. 
Mr. CARDIN. Once again, I thank my 
friend from Utah. We share a lot of the same objectives for a strong nation and moving our country forward. I think that is reflected in the bill we just voted on, the Omnibus appropriations bill. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF TOWSON 
UNIVERSITY 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, before I 
talk about the Omnibus appropria-tions, I note that just a few minutes ago the Senate approved the resolution for the 150th anniversary of Towson University. I must admit I have a di-rect interest in Towson. My mother graduated from Towson University. My wife Myrna graduated from Towson University, and Myrna today is the chair of the board of visitors of Towson University. 
It is a great institution. It started as 
the primary institution for educating our teachers and now has expanded to be one of the great universities in our State, attracting students from the en-tire university in a variety of pro-grams. 
We are very proud of its 150-year his-
tory and we know it has a very bright future. 
f 
OMNIBUS LEGISLATION 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
talk for a few minutes about the Omni-bus appropriations bill and tax bills that we just passed. I am very proud to have supported it. We have finally passed a budget for this year, giving predictability to our agencies and pro-viding predictability for those who de-pend upon the government as a partner or for services. 
The alternative would have been an-
other continuing resolution, which freezes in last year’s priorities at last year’s level. Now we have elevated ap-propriations with this year’s priorities. The other alternative could have been sequestration, which is mindless, across-the-board cuts, saying that every priority in government is the same—when it is not. 
We have avoided the worst con-
sequence, that is, a government shut-down that we have seen happen in the past. So we should be very pleased the political system has worked and we have been able to pass a full-year ap-propriations bill with current priorities at a reasonable level. I am also pleased we were able to 
pass the tax legislation Chairman H
ATCH talked about. The alternative to 
that would have been another short- term extension of the expiring tax pro-visions. We saw last year that we did that with 2 weeks remaining in the year, and it expired on December 31, 2 weeks later. Now we have given—many 
of the permanent provisions give long- term predictability, and we have even approved the tax provisions to make them more efficient. That is good news. 
Then we have acted on many impor-
tant issues from dealing with the ex-tension of benefits to the first respond-ers, to the attack on our country on September 11, to the extension of re-form of the IMF—International Mone-tary Fund—to authorizing some very important programs, including the Land and Water Conservation Fund, a 3-year authorization that provides $450 million in this year, $144 million above current appropriations. That is all good news, and we list many more im-portant accomplishments in this im-portant legislation. 
I must tell you there are some dis-
appointments. One of the major dis-appointments is that we didn’t follow regular order. It would have been much better to pass each of the appropria-tions bills, to have the tax bill consid-ered as an independent bill, and have these other issues—and to have done it in an orderly way rather than looking at it December 18. So I would hope that in the future we will return to regular order, where we have, I think, a better chance of improving legislation with participation from all Members. 
Secondly, I was very disappointed 
that included in this legislation was the lifting of the ban on oil exports, en-ergy exports. The reason I am so upset about that is I think that should have been a separate issue. It should have been taken up in consideration with the energy policies of America, our en-vironmental policies of America, our environmental policies, the economic impact, and the security impact. We should have had a chance to debate that issue as a separate issue. It is far too important to our energy security and our energy policy in this country. 
Another concern I have—and let me 
point this out—I supported the pack-age. I supported the tax provisions. The tax provisions will be scored as losing $680 billion over the next 10 years. I think that is somewhat misleading. I am going to be perfectly blunt about it. If you take out existing policy—this is the current policy in our Tax Code— that actually costs us about 10 percent of that $680 billion, but that is still a substantial amount of money. I think it would have been far better to deal with these issues in a long-term budget agreement that dealt with the revenue needs of our country, dealt with our discretionary spending targets moving forward, as well as mandatory spend-ing. That is what we should do rather than taking this up in piecemeal and now making it a little more difficult 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.050 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8870 December 18, 2015 
because the revenue projections are 
going to be less than they were before. 
On the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 
on the Democratic side, I thank my colleague from Maryland, Senator M
I-
KULSKI . What a great job she did on our 
side; T HADCOCHRAN on the Republican 
side. Senator M IKULSKI is my seat 
mate. She is my colleague from Mary-land. We are so proud that we have given you one of the great leaders in the Senate, and that was demonstrated on the Omnibus appropriations bill that we voted on just a little while ago. 
From my State of Maryland, we are 
particularly pleased that so many of the military installations and Federal agencies that are in our State will get the resources—the predictable re-sources—to carry out their very impor-tant mission. We are proud of the role Maryland plays in our national defense with military installations such as from Fort Meade to Fort Detrick, from Aberdeen Proving Ground to Patuxent River, Andrews to Indian Head, Walter Reed naval. We have major facilities located in our State and now they will have a predictable budget to carry out their critically important mission of national defense. 
On the civilian side, we have many 
important agencies located in our State that now will have the resources they need in order to carry out their mission. I could mention so many, but if I might, the Census Bureau will get a $282 million increase in their budget to start planning for the next census. NIH will get a $2 billion increase. That is the largest increase they have re-ceived since 2003. The work they do is lifesaving. The appropriations bill will save lives in the United States and around the world and will create jobs because, as we know, the basic research done at NIH is so critically important to our economic growth. 
I am pleased that in Woodlawn, in 
Baltimore, the Social Security Admin-istration will get $150 million for badly needed renovations of their facilities. That is important for them to carry out their critical role of providing the administration of the Social Security Act for our seniors, for our disabled, and for those who depend upon the So-cial Security Administration. 
There are so many areas I could talk 
about. The victims of domestic vio-lence will receive the resources they need to carry out our commitment of the law we passed. There are certain challenges we have in our community. The heroin epidemic is affecting every State in our country, and this appro-priations act will provide resources to deal with that. I am particularly pleased that in dealing with drug issues, the high-intensity drug-traf-ficking area, the Baltimore-Wash-ington corridor will receive the re-sources they need in order to deal with the challenges. 
Our Nation’s infrastructure benefits 
from this legislation. I am particularly pleased that Metro in the Washington area will receive the next installment of the $150 million that is a part of the 
$1.5 billion commitment, legislation I authored with the help of our regional colleagues. That commitment will stand firm. 
We know the Washington metropoli-
tan transit system is the Nation’s tran-sit system, and so many of our Federal workers depend upon it in order to be able to get to work. Amtrak, $1.4 bil-lion, is critically important to the en-tire country. We are particularly de-pendent upon Amtrak in the North-east. The Baltimore Harbor will re-ceive significant support. Those are jobs maintaining our harbor. Poplar Is-land, which is one of the environ-mentally friendly dredge sites, will get $26.5 million. 
I have spoken on the floor many 
times to talk about the Chesapeake Bay and the Federal partnership with the Chesapeake Bay. I was in the State legislature when we started their pro-gram, and $73 million is going to be di-rectly appropriated as the Federal por-tion for the Chesapeake Bay Program. There are additional funds, such as $2.2 million, for the Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historic Trail. 
There is $1.97 million for Chesapeake 
Bay oyster recovery, $2 million for the Chesapeake Bay Gateways and Watertrails Network. So there are re-sources here that carry out the Federal Government’s commitment. Every President in recent times has acknowl-edged that the Chesapeake Bay is a na-tional treasure, the largest estuary in our hemisphere, and these funds will help live up to the commitment. 
I am particularly pleased that under 
agriculture, the Regional Conservation Partnership Program that we started last year under the leadership of Sen-ator S
TABENOW is funded. The Chesa-
peake Bay region will receive funds under that program to help in our ef-forts for preserving the Chesapeake Bay. 
In the western part of my State, the 
Appalachian Regional Commission is critically important for economic growth. They receive an additional $56 million of funds. To me, that is ex-tremely important for the development in the rural part of my State in west-ern Maryland. 
During the passage of the Affordable 
Care Act, I authored and was pleased to see that we established a National In-stitute on Minority Health and Health Disparities at NIH. It acknowledged the fact that we have not done histori-cally everything we need to do to deal with the disparities in our health care system. This year we are appropriating an additional $9 million to the Insti-tute. I think that continues our com-mitment to make sure that we deal with all Americans’ health needs. 
Last year, I brought before the Con-
gress a request that we do something to deal with the Holocaust survivors who are still alive and in the United States. They are at a very delicate age and very fearful of being institutional-ized. This budget provides $2.5 million to deal with that vulnerable popu-
lation. 
I have been a strong supporter of— 
and at one time I chaired—the Mary-land Legal Services Corporation. I have been urging us to try to stop falling be-hind in our commitment for the Legal Services Corporation. More and more people are being denied access to our legal system because of the failure of Congress to appropriate adequate funds. I am very pleased that in this budget an extra $10 million is appro-priated to the Legal Services Corpora-tion. 
I think my colleagues are aware of 
the challenges we have had in Balti-more. I am very pleased that the Obama administration, through its agencies, has made resources available 
to Baltimore and other urban centers to deal with opportunity for all com-munities and to restore the confidence between law enforcement and commu-nity. This budget moves forward on those commitments—from body cam-eras for police to helping law enforce-ment deal with ending racial profiling, to the Byrne grant funds—and over $476 million is available. And community and youth opportunities are in this budget as well. The Byrne grant was one-half billion dollars. As to commu-nity youth opportunities, this is a budget that will help us deal with the problems in our urban centers. 
I have taken the floor on several oc-
casions to talk about our Federal workforce and how our Federal work-force has made incredible sacrifices during these tough budget years. Al-though they didn’t cause the deficit, they have been called upon over and over to contribute by being denied pay raises, by being asked to pay more for their pension, by being asked to carry on more responsibilities with less per-sonnel. 
This budget is a reprieve from the 
past budgets. There is no punitive ac-tion against our Federal workforce, and I am pleased for that. It provides a modest pay adjustment of 1.3 percent. It provides protection on the data breach that occurred under the cyber attack that affected our Federal work-force—protection for 10 years with a $5 million protection. That is within this budget act as well. And we give them more resources and more personnel to support and carry out their mission. 
On the national security front, I have 
already talked about the support for our military installations. I am par-ticularly pleased that the FBI will re-ceive a $390 million downpayment on a consolidated facility. The FBI today is located in 30 different facilities, and their main headquarters, the Hoover Building, is not adequate to meet the challenges they have today. All of us have expressed our concern about homeland security, about homegrown radicalization of our population. The FBI needs the facilities in order to keep the homeland safe and keep us safe. This is a $390 million downpay-ment on a fully consolidated facility for the FBI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.051 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8871 December 18, 2015 
A few weeks ago I wrote a letter with 
27 of our colleagues to our leadership, urging them that this Omnibus appro-priations bill should not be the place for so-called policy riders. I heard Sen-ator M
IKULSKI talk about it during her 
comments. We were concerned that we were trying to legislate on an appro-priation bill without the authorizing committees doing the work they are supposed to do. I am very pleased that most of these riders were excluded. So we are not going to be talking about potentially damaging provisions that could have been included in here—from restricting Planned Parenthood to af-fecting the clean water of this Nation, to affecting the ability of America to respond to the challenges of climate change, to dealing with protection of our workforce through labor laws, to 
public safety with restrictions that could have been put on gun safety leg-islation, to dealing with our refugees. All those areas and many more were subject to policy riders that could have been included in this omnibus budget but were not. 
On the tax front, I have already 
thanked Senator W
YDEN and Senator 
HATCH . I am very pleased that we were 
able to do some very important things in the tax provisions. We got renewable fuels for wind and solar extended and improved, particularly for solar. I think this will make a huge difference. But let me just quote from the Bloomberg New Energy Finance, or BNEF, report. 
In the short term, the deal will speed up 
the shift from fossil fuels more than the global climate deal struck this month in Paris, and more than [the] Clean Power Plan that regulates coal plants. . . . This is ex-actly the sort of bridge the industry needed. The costs of installing wind and solar power have dropped precipitously. . . . By the time the new tax credit expires, solar and wind will be the cheapest forms of new electricity in many States across the U.S. 
So these are significant. Am I satis-
fied? No. I would like to see them stronger, particularly wind. I thought wind could have been stronger. But I think we have made significant progress in dealing with renewables, which is what we have to do from the point of energy security, as well as our environment and as well as our econ-omy. Having a more diversified energy portfolio and being more energy secure will help our environment, will help our economy, and will help our na-tional security. 
On the tax side, I was very pleased 
that we were able to make permanent several of the tax provisions that are critically important to families in the United States. We were able to make the child tax credit permanent, the earned-income tax credit permanent, and the American opportunity tax credit for higher education costs per-manent. 
Transit parity. Transit parity is 
where those—particularly Federal workers—who use the transit system to come to work don’t bring their cars. We subsidize greatly the parking lots and the ability of people to bring cars 
to work. When they take transit, they are helping us, and we have now made permanent the full limit on deduct-ibility of the transit benefits. So that is a major step forward. I am very pleased that we were able to make that permanent. I thank Senator S
CHUMER  
who took the lead on that, and I was proud to work with him on that. 
The low-income housing tax credit 
improvements that allow it to be more effective in its use were made perma-nent. Conservation needs were made permanent, and the S corporation im-provements, which help small busi-nesses, were made permanent. There is a lot here that we don’t have to worry about this next December or two De-cembers from now or even five Decem-bers from now, saying: Gee, are they going to expire? 
Now, we do have some success from 5- 
year reauthorizations. That does give us predictability and allows us to move forward. The new markets tax credits are extended for 5 years. The new mar-ket tax credits have been critically im-portant for development in my State of Maryland. I could take you to East Baltimore where you see redevelop-ment occurring. The new markets tax credits are responsible for that. I could take you to Maryland, close to here, in Prince George’s County and Mont-gomery County, and to the work they are doing there. So these are very im-portant tools that help create jobs, and we now have more predictability. 
Then we have the 2-year extenders, 
including the energy efficiency that I led the effort on. 
So the bottom line is we now have 
much greater predictability. 
Let me comment just very briefly as 
the ranking member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I am certainly pleased, when we look at the budget that has been brought forward and passed now, for our foreign devel-opment assistance. I am pleased that we have the support for Israel included in this package and the economic aid for Ukraine. 
As to refugee assistance, one of the 
great humanitarian crises of our time, funds are in here for the United States to work with our international part-ners to provide for refugee assistance. 
There are many anti-corruption ini-
tiatives. There is $2.5 billion in this budget for good governance and to ad-vance human rights globally—a high priority of the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee, working with Sen-ator C
ORKER . The two of us are work-
ing very closely together to make it clear that we won’t tolerate corruption and that we will continue to work as countries develop good governance and respect for human rights. 
As I said earlier, on the overall plan 
there are a couple issues in this budget that I am very disappointed about. One is the Visa Waiver Program, the dis-criminatory provisions against dual citizens. I don’t think it has anything to do with safety. I don’t think we are safer because we are going to make 
dual citizens go through a separate process. And it will cause, I think, ac-tions by our allies that will be counter-productive to Americans and could have some unintended consequences. That shouldn’t have been in this legis-lation. 
I also think the restrictions on the 
closing of Guantanamo Bay are mis-guided. Guantanamo Bay should have been closed a long time ago, and I re-gret that those restrictions are con-tinuing in place. 
The bottom line is that I am very 
proud that we passed the omnibus bill. I supported it enthusiastically. I think it represents a compromise of the polit-ical balance of our Nation. We have re-solved many policy challenges. We pro-vided predictability to our agencies and predictability to policies that help private investment and our economy grow. It advances a cleaner environ-ment, security of our homeland, edu-cation and welfare of our citizens, Americans’ ability to compete glob-ally. 
It deserves our support, and I am 
glad to see that it was passed. Shortly, it will be signed by the President and will be the law of this land. 
I note there are other colleagues 
here. So let me just very briefly ask to speak on a different issue. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, earlier 
today I took the floor. Senator C RUZ 
was here, and he raised an objection to a unanimous consent request that I had not yet made. I am not going to make that unanimous consent request, but I am going to mention, as the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee—and our Pre-siding Officer is one of the distin-guished members of the committee— that there are 14 nominations that have been approved by the Senate For-eign Relations Committee, some a long time ago, by unanimous vote. These are not controversial nominations. Each of the individuals is well qualified for the position. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee, under the lead-ership of Senator C
ORKER , reported 
these nominations out in a very timely way. Each of those in their own posi-tion is critically important to our na-tional security. Having a confirmed ambassador in a country is critically important to our national security. Having the No. 4 person at the State Department confirmed is critically im-portant in negotiating security issues. 
It is our responsibility to take these 
nominees up and to act on them and to confirm them so that we can have con-firmed positions. 
I will just mention a few. As I said, I 
had given notice that I would ask unanimous consent, and Senator C
RUZ 
indicated that he would object and ac-tually came to the floor to object. But we have to get this done. The reason we are not voting has nothing to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8872 December 18, 2015 
with these individuals—nothing, not 
one thing. These are qualified people. They are being held up for reasons un-related to their important responsibil-ities to our country. 
Thomas Shannon, a career person, to 
the position of Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs. This is the point person who negotiates globally. 
Brian Egan to the position of State 
Department Legal Adviser. We all have questions on a lot of the legal issues on foreign policy, and yet we won’t con-firm a career person who has given his career to public service. 
David Robinson to the positions of 
Assistant Secretary of State for Con-flict and Stabilization Operations and Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization. This is a person who we need to deal with a lot of the human rights issues. 
John Estrada to the post of U.S. Am-
bassador to Trinidad and Tobago. Drug trafficking—we need a confirmed am-bassador. For months and months and months they have been on the calendar and no action. 
Azita Raji to be Ambassador to Swe-
den and Samuel Heins to be Ambas-sador to Norway, our Scandinavian friends. 
I was at the State Department this 
week for the holiday reception with the heads of missions that are stationed in Washington. Ambassadors from other countries came up to me and said: Will we get a confirmed ambassador? It is affecting America’s security and rep-utation, and we need to have confirmed ambassadors. Norway has gone 2 years without a confirmed ambassador. We have a person who is eminently quali-fied. There is no objection to Samuel Heins being confirmed. Yet we can’t get a vet on the floor of the Senate be-cause an individual Senator is object-ing. That is wrong. We have a responsi-bility to act. 
David McKean to be Ambassador of 
Luxembourg, Cassandra Butts to be Ambassador to the Bahamas—that is eight of the total number who are being held that I mentioned. As I said, I intended to make the unanimous con-sent requests. Senator C
RUZ has al-
ready come to the floor to object. I re-gret that. 
I urge my colleagues to work out 
their problems, but do it in a timely way and don’t hold America hostage, because that is what you are doing by not confirming these appointments. You are not holding the Obama admin-istration hostage; you are holding America hostage. Who is hurt by not having a confirmed ambassador in Nor-way? There are Americans who get hurt who depend upon our relationship with Norway. There is a diaspora in the United States that is affected by not having a confirmed ambassador to Nor-way or to Sweden or to the other coun-tries that we have not been able to get a confirmed ambassador. 
I urge my colleagues who have prob-
lems to enjoy the holiday, get some rest, and come back here ready to vote because I think that is what we were 
elected to do. I urge my colleagues to allow us, when we come back in Janu-ary, to have votes on these very quali-fied people who are serving our country and are prepared to serve our country in a more significant way. 
Mr. President, I wish all my col-
leagues a very happy holiday season. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RAY PFEIFER 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
want to speak for a moment about a great man and a wonderful friend of mine. His name is Ray Pfeifer, and he is an incredible leader and an inspira-tion to many, myself included. 
Ray was a New York City firefighter 
for 27 years and 220 days, by his count. He called it the best job in the world, and he said he was proud to put on the uniform. But Ray had to retire last September—years before he wanted to—because he has cancer. His cancer has spread throughout his body—to his ribs, his leg, and now to his brain. 
We know that cancer can strike ran-
domly, sometimes with nothing to blame, but there is nothing random about Ray Pfeifer’s cancer. Ray now has cancer because he was a first re-sponder at Ground Zero, because he was one of thousands who rushed to help after we were attacked on 9/11. He served in Engine 40, Ladder 35, in the 9th Battalion, and most of the mem-bers of his battalion were killed on 9/11. Ray spent months on the pile searching for his friends. He wouldn’t leave. He spent months digging for bodies in the rubble. He spent months there, breath-ing in horrible, toxic air that hung over Ground Zero like a deadly mist. 
Many Members of the Senate would 
actually recognize Ray because he has been down here so many times—dozens of times—working the Halls of Con-gress, asking Senators to do the right thing and support the 9/11 bill. He was a strong, smiling man in uniform, trav-eling in his wheelchair from office to office, with contagious optimism and unmatched grace. Ray Pfeifer has 
never wavered. He has never been de-terred. He has never even given up his efforts to pass the 9/11 health program. But you must know, Ray was never doing this for himself; he was doing it so other first responders didn’t have to. 
Ray wanted to be here today to see 
this bill passed because he had worked so long and so hard, but last week Ray had to go back to the hospital because his cancer had spread to his brain. Ray is physically in New York right now, but Ray’s indomitable spirit is with us in the Capitol. His strength is with us. His unmistakable grace is with us. 
Ray, I know you are listening. We 
never ever could have gotten this done without you. You did it. But I must tell you, Ray, this speech isn’t for you; this speech is for your wife Caryn and your son Terrance and your daughter Tay-lor. Terrance was actually sworn in as a 
New York City firefighter earlier this year, just like his dad. This speech is for them because they shared you with all of us. This speech is for all the re-sponders who fought for all these years so that our 9/11 heroes could have the health care for the rest of their lives. 
The city of New York and the United 
States of America owe Ray and his family a debt of gratitude that can never truly be paid. Ray is the embodi-ment of everything we strive to be as Americans: selfless, kind, brave, opti-mistic, someone who fights for what is right and never gives in. 
Ray, I know you are a fighter, and I 
know you will get through this. You have the prayers of more people than you know, and may God bless you and your family. I look forward to cele-brating this hard-fought victory in per-son with you soon. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
f 
FRANK R. LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL 
SAFETY FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, last night 
was a historic moment in the Senate. After years and years of negotiations and collaboration, after working with stakeholders across the country, we made tremendous progress toward his-toric, bipartisan environmental reform. The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act passed the Senate on a unanimous voice vote, with 60 bipartisan cosponsors and with overwhelming support. This is a great milestone. 
First, I want to thank Senator V
IT-
TER. Senator V ITTER and I introduced 
this legislation for one basic reason: to fix our Nation’s broken chemical safety law. I remember that over 2 years ago we had a very quiet dinner, and we walked away from that dinner saying: We are going to form a team, and we are going to get this done. It was after Frank Lautenberg had passed away, and Senator V
ITTER is a man of his 
word. We stuck to it, and we are mak-ing significant historic progress. I thank him for that. 
There were times when the bill was 
stalled from even getting introduced, and Senators like T
OMCARPER stepped 
in and helped us get back on track. I thank Senator C
ARPER for that. His 
early leadership as an original cospon-sor of this bill got us off on the much needed right foot. Other moderates joined in, and we had some momentum building up. 
This has been a long road to get here 
today. I thank Chairman I
NHOFE for his 
calm, steady leadership, and Senator M
ERKLEY , Senator B OOKER , Senator 
WHITEHOUSE , Senator M ARKEY , Senator 
COONS , Senator D URBIN , and many oth-
ers. They all helped move this forward and all helped make this a better bill. 
I also thank Bonnie Lautenberg. Sen-
ator Lautenberg fought hard for TSCA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.055 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8873 December 18, 2015 
reform. I was proud to take up that 
fight, and I am grateful to Bonnie, who has helped us every step of the way. She has been an incredible advocate in terms of interacting with Senators and their staff to push the crucial message forward on TSCA reform, and it was the message her husband Frank Lau-tenberg would repeat every day when I saw him in committee. He said: Are we doing the right thing for our children and our grandchildren? He really be-lieved TSCA reform would save more lives than anything he had ever done in his life. He had a very rich life and lived to be almost 90 years old. 
I wish to also recognize the great ad-
vocates for reform. A lot of this was grassroots people standing up and say-ing that we haven’t done what we need to do for the American people, for our families, and for our children on chem-ical safety. There are too many to mention all of them, but the Bipartisan Policy Center stood up and helped out; the Environmental Defense Fund—Fred Krupp, their leader, played a crucial role; the National Wildlife Federation; March of Dimes; North America’s Building Trades Unions; the Inter-national Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers; Moms Clean Air Force; the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine; the Humane So-ciety, and so many others. All of these groups taken together represent over 30 million Americans. They all support the Lautenberg act. They pushed Con-gress to act, and they kept pushing until we did that. 
Many thousands of Americans have 
worked for chemical safety reform over the last four decades. 
Thank you for not giving up. They understand that we need a na-
tional solution to our broken chemical safety law. 
The Toxic Substances Control Act 
was enacted in 1976—nearly 40 years ago. It was supposed to protect Amer-ican families, but it doesn’t. Over four decades, the EPA has been able to re-strict just five chemicals and it has prevented only four chemicals from going to market. That is out of tens of thousands of chemicals. 
Everyday Americans go to the gro-
cery store or the hardware store, and they believe the chemicals in the prod-ucts they buy have been tested and are safe, but that is not true because TSCA is broken. This is about health and safety. This is about our children and grandchildren. This is about people like Dominique Browning, who works with Moms Clean Air Force and wor-ries about her kids and the toys and products they use every day. She her-self survived kidney cancer. When she asked her doctor what caused her kid-ney cancer, he said: ‘‘It’s one of those environmental ones. Who knows? We’re full of chemicals.’’ That was her doctor talking to her when she got kidney cancer. This is about people like Lisa Huguenin. Lisa is a Ph.D. scientist and has done work on chemical exposure at Princeton and Rutgers and at the State and Federal levels. She is a mother 
first. Her 13-year-old son Harrison was born with autism and autoimmune de-ficiencies. Five years ago, Lisa testi-fied before Senator Lautenberg’s sub-committee on the need for reform. She is eager to see TSCA reform signed into law. 
That is why we are here—to fix this 
broken system. Now we are close to the finish line for the first time in almost 40 years. 
In 2009 the Obama administration 
laid out six essential principles for TSCA reform. The bill we passed last 
night meets all six of those principles, and I will go through each one individ-ually. 
Principle No. 1, chemicals should be 
reviewed against safety standards that are based on sound science and reflect risk-based criteria protective of human health and the environment. 
Our bill requires the EPA to assess 
chemicals based only on the health and safety information, not on the cost. That was a significant change we made, and many of the Senators I talked about earlier helped us to get that done. 
Principle No. 2, manufacturers 
should provide EPA with the necessary information to conclude that new and existing chemicals are safe and do not endanger public health or the environ-ment. 
Our bill gives EPA new authorities to 
develop testing data and requires a finding of safety before new chemi-cals—as many as 1,500 a year—enter the market. The finding on safety needs to be done not like it is done today but before they enter the mar-ketplace. 
Principle No. 3, risk management de-
cisions should take into account sen-sitive subpopulations, cost, avail-ability of substitutes, and other rel-evant considerations. 
Our bill specifically requires the pro-
tection of vulnerable populations and lists examples of vulnerable popu-lations, such as infants, the elderly, pregnant women, workers, and others. 
Principle No. 4, manufacturers and 
EPA should assess and act on priority chemicals, both existing and new, in a timely manner. 
Our bill requires the EPA to system-
atically review all the chemicals in commerce, prioritizing the chemicals of most concern first, and it sets ag-gressive, judicially enforceable dead-lines for EPA decisions. 
Principle No. 5, green chemistry 
should be encouraged and provisions assuring transparency and public ac-cess to information should be strength-
ened. 
Our bill includes a section on sus-
tainable chemistry and also makes more information about chemicals available by limiting industry’s ability to claim information as confidential, and it gives States and health profes-sionals access to confidential informa-tion to protect the public. 
Principle No. 6, EPA should be given 
a sustained source of funding for imple-mentation. Our bill gives EPA sustained sources 
of funding and ensures that the EPA’s priorities are not overwhelmed by pri-vate interests to ensure that the pro-gram we implement is a risk-based sys-tem. Additionally, the bill allows EPA to develop cost-effective final regula-tions but without the high procedural hurdles in the underlying statute, strikes an appropriate balance between Federal and State action, gives States the right to coenforce Federal stand-ards. This will give a State’s attorney general the ability to move when the Federal Government may not be mov-ing, and it leaves State civil actions alone and gives no special advantage to either side in litigation. 
We are on the verge of historic re-
form, decades in the making and dec-ades overdue. TSCA is the last of the environmental laws from the 1960s and 1970s left to be updated. Some days you might not think we could pass a major environmental law in Congress, but we have proven that wrong and we have a very strong bill. 
Our bill finally gives the EPA the au-
thority it needs to set clear guidance for the EPA to evaluate new and exist-ing chemicals and to protect the Amer-ican people. That is why support for this bill was so strong and continued to build—from environmental, conserva-tion, good government, industry, and health and labor groups. 
We will be working to reconcile the 
bill with the House legislation. This is historic reform. The old TSCA will be obsolete. We will have a cop on the beat and will finally be able to protect our kids from toxic chemicals. 
I wish to again thank Senator V
IT-
TER. I am proud to work with him on 
this bill. We may have disagreed many times on other issues, and the negotia-tions were sometimes difficult, but we stayed at the table, listened to all sides, and looked for solutions instead of roadblocks, and I thank Senator V
ITTER for that. 
I also want to again thank the many 
colleagues who worked with us to en-sure that we have the best possible bill. At every step of the way, we had Sen-ators from both sides of the aisle step forward, make suggestions, join the bill, cosponsor, and helped to move us forward. 
It wouldn’t be right to finish this 
afternoon without mentioning the staff. The staff in the Senate do an in-credible job in terms of getting focused on the issues, learning about them in depth, working with each other, and many times moving roadblocks out of the way. 
We had a number of staff members 
who worked on this legislation. Dimitri Karakitsos worked for Senator V
ITTER  
when Senator V ITTER was chairman 
and he now works for Chairman I
NHOFE . Dimitri has been amazing in 
terms of his staff ability and his under-standing. We really appreciate all of his help. 
I wish to also thank Chairman 
I
NHOFE ’s staff director, Ryan Jackson; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.058 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8874 December 18, 2015 
Zak Baig, with Senator V ITTER ; Colin 
Peppard, with Senator C ARPER ; Adrian 
Deveny, with Senator M ERKLEY ; Emily 
Enderle, with Senator W HITEHOUSE ; 
Adam Zipkin, with Senator C ORYBOOK-
ER; Michal Freedhoff, with Senator 
MARKEY ; Jasmine Hunt, with Senator 
DURBIN ; and Lisa Hummon-Jones, with 
Senator C OONS . 
I have mentioned the great work that 
Jonathan Black, a member of my staff, has done, but we have also had incred-ible work by my legislative director, Andrew Wallace, and all of my staff at various points. This legislation has been a heavy burden, and my staff worked hard to get this legislation completed. I truly appreciate the hard work they have done, including my chief of staff and everybody in the of-fice. 
We also had the opportunity to con-
sult with and ask for help from the Senate legislative counsel. They worked to turn around text quickly at crucial points, and that makes all the difference in the world—to have text, get it looked at, get the changes made, and get back to the individuals who are involved. 
Michelle Johnson-Weider played a 
key role, as did Deanna Edwards. I am sure there were others over there who also helped us out. This is not a defini-tive list. There were also many others. 
I wish to conclude by thanking, 
again, our bipartisan partners. Senator V
ITTER and I have been working on this 
for years. We took it up after Senator Lautenberg passed away. Senator V
IT-
TERwas on the committee as the rank-
ing member and the chairman—and back and forth—and then Senator I
NHOFE took over. 
I remember when we had a meeting 
with Senator I NHOFE , and he took a 
real interest in this legislation. He has incredible calm, steady judgment in terms of pulling together what needs to happen to get a bill done in this some-times hyperpartisan atmosphere. As chairman, he was always willing to lis-ten to the people on the committee, off the committee, and pull people to-gether to help them find common ground on this bill. 
With that, we look forward to work-
ing with our House colleagues. Many of us served in the House. We served with House Members F
RED UPTON , FRANK  
PALLONE , J OHN SHIMKUS , and Rep-
resentative T ONKO . These are some of 
the key people who will be working on this in the House, and we look forward to working with them and their staff and each other to reconcile these bills. 
The House has some very good ideas 
in its bill. We have been a little more expansive and covered more areas, and I hope they will work with us on that. We look forward to working with them and putting the two bills together and then getting this passed early next year. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OMNIBUS LEGISLATION 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I 
want to say just a few words this after-noon on the vote that was taken on the Senate floor this morning. I will cer-tainly admit that this was a difficult vote for me. This 2,200-page, $1.8 tril-lion spending and tax reform bill cer-tainly does contain provisions that I have advocated for and will continue to press for to benefit different Alaskan groups, small businesses, the energy sector, and others. However, voting in favor of such a massive and consequen-tial piece of legislation without having the opportunity to fully understand or fully vet both its positive and negative implications for Alaska and our Nation or to offer amendments is something I could not do in good conscience. 
Leader M
CCONNELL , majority whip 
Senator C ORNYN , and so many other 
leaders in the Senate have worked hard in terms of this process over the past year. You heard a number of Senators come to the floor to talk about what clearly has been a very productive Sen-ate under their leadership, and I want to commend them for their leadership. I appreciate their leadership. I know that in terms of the budget they tried to get this body to the right place, meaning we actually passed a budget for the first time in many years. We passed 12 appropriations bills—again, for appropriations, the first time in many years—but as the bills came to the Senate floor, they were halted, un-fortunately, blocked, filibustered. I re-member debating not once, not twice, but three times when the other side filibustered the Defense appropriations bill. This Senator still does not under-stand what was behind all of that, still is not 100 percent sure why the appro-priations and funding process was halt-ed in this body. Then we saw the smash-up the last week when every-thing came together at the end of the year. 
I am not sure what the motivation 
was to do this, but I do know this: The way in which we fund our Federal Gov-ernment—in this case, 72 hours to read a 2,200-page, $1.8 trillion, ‘‘take it or leave it’’ bill, negotiated by just a few Members of Congress and the White House—is a broken process, and it is not worthy of our great Nation, nor the people we represent. I also believe it is a principal reason why we have seen an explosion of trillions of dollars in debt that imperils our Nation’s fiscal sta-bility and certainly imperils our chil-dren’s future. 
Back home in Alaska, we are cur-
rently debating through a transparent, open, and contentious process how to best address our State’s significant fis-cal challenges. We have big fiscal chal-lenges just like this government does. In my view, the Federal Government 
should be doing the same. The bill we voted on today and the process that produced it demonstrates that we are not. 
Going forward, I certainly want to 
continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and the lead-ership on both sides of the aisle to con-tinue to work to improve this process because the people we represent de-serve much better than what just tran-spired. 
Obviously there has been a lot of talk 
about the omnibus bill in the last cou-ple days on the floor, but I just wanted to say a few words. Sometimes it takes a reminder from home, a reminder from what is going on back home to ground us and to remind us of what is really important in our lives, like fam-ily and friends and life itself. 
f 
SEARCH FOR CASEY GRAHAM 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I 
would like to talk briefly about an ef-fort that is going on in Alaska right now to try to recover one of our own, Casey Graham—an Alaskan Native, a patriot, 24 years old, the son of Steven and Lucy Graham. 
He is 24 years old, the son of Steven 
and Lucy Graham and brother of Cheryl, Michelle, Megan, and Pauline. He is a veteran who served in the Ma-rines and was deployed to serve his country in Afghanistan. He is a young man in the prime of his life. 
Casey has been described as smart, 
hard-working, extremely intelligent, and a shining light for his community, his State, and his country. He lived in Anchorage but was from McGrath, AK. That is about 200 miles from Anchorage on the Upper Kuskokwim River. 
About a week ago he was visiting 
family when he decided to do what most Alaskans do in the winter—go out on a snow machine ride. It is thought that he was on the ice on the river and hit open water. His snow machine and his helmet have been found, but not Casey. 
As I speak, the community of 
McGrath is banding together for the re-covery effort. It is a small town—only about 350 people live there—but it is a town with a huge heart. The commu-nity has dropped everything. Every day, dozens—as many as 50 Alaskans have gone out to where they think Casey was on the ice to bring him home. Remember, in Alaska it is cold right now. From December 10 when the 
search began until now, temperatures have ranged from about 22 degrees below zero to a high of about 16 above zero. There is a heated tent on the ice where volunteers go to warm up and eat lunch before they go back out searching. They eat moose stew mostly and, of course, a lot of salmon. The community is emptying their freezers and making sure all the volunteers are fed. 
In the true spirit of Alaska, in the 
true spirit of Christmas, so many com-panies and individuals across the great 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.059 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8875 December 18, 2015 
State of Alaska are donating goods, 
services, airline miles, freight services, food, hand and foot warmers, first-aid kits, cold-weather gear—you name it. Everybody is pitching in to help. It is something that this body and this country should be particularly proud of. 
Although I am not surprised by it, 
Casey’s marine brothers have flown in from thousands of miles away, all across the country, to help in the search. They served with him in Af-ghanistan, and they have now come to Alaska from Texas, Pennsylvania, Cali-fornia, and as far away from Alaska as New York. There are 11 now and more on the way. In the Marines, we don’t leave our brothers and sisters behind, and these marines are living up to that ethos. 
I am asking for the thoughts and 
prayers of this body and Americans— any Americans all across this country who are watching—on this effort. I am asking that we pray to bring Casey home. 
Semper fi to him, his father, his sis-
ters, and to those proud marines who are making sure he makes it home. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FEDERAL RESERVE TRANS-
PARENCY ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, on be-
half of the majority leader, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 289, S. 2232. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 289, S. 
2232, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, on be-
half of the majority leader, I send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
cloture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in ac-
cordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the motion to proceed to Cal-endar No. 289, S. 2232, a bill to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comp-
troller General of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, John Barrasso, Roy 
Blunt, John Cornyn, Cory Gardner, David Vitter, Shelley Moore Capito, Rand Paul, Johnny Isakson, Steve Daines, Patrick J. Toomey, John Booz-man, Chuck Grassley, Mike Crapo, Mike Lee, David Perdue, Rob Portman. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the manda-tory quorum call be waived. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote occur at 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday, January 12. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-
lican leader and I are both long-time appropriators. I love the Appropria-tions Committee. But over time, the appropriations process has broken down. 
There are differing opinions about 
the causes of the breakdown. Opinions typically vary depending on whether Senators serve in the majority or mi-nority. But there is a bipartisan con-sensus that we can and must do better. I hope that in the coming session, both sides can work together to restore the appropriations process to what it once was—a thoroughly bipartisan process focused on governing, not a partisan process focused on scoring political points. 
The need for bipartisanship should be 
obvious. After all, during the next ses-sion, we will continue to be a divided government. Republicans will be in charge of the legislative branch, and President Obama will continue to con-trol the administration. Neither side can force the other to accept its pre-ferred process or its preferred out-comes. The only way to make this work is for both sides to work together throughout the year and to make the compromises needed to get appropria-tions bills not just passed but signed into law. 
Among other things, this means that 
both parties will have to be part of the decisionmaking process from the be-ginning, at both the committee and leadership levels. This doesn’t just mean developing individual bills in a bipartisan way. It means reaching bi-partisan agreements on the sequencing and packaging of legislation, so that one party’s priorities are not pursued at the expense of the other’s priorities. 
True bipartisanship also requires 
both parties to resist the temptation to pursue poison pill riders that appeal to their own supporters but that are so strongly opposed by the other party that their inclusion in appropriations bills would grind the process to a halt. No doubt there will be many opportuni-ties next year for both sides to score 
political points. But the appropriations process is not the place for that. And I hope Members in both parties will agree that it is more important to fund the government than to play politics. 
I am convinced that if we can restore 
the appropriations process to one based on bipartisan cooperation at every stage, all Senators will benefit. It will give Members in both parties a mean-ingful opportunity for input, and it will avoid the need for invoking cloture on motions to proceed to appropriations bills. With some luck, it also will allow us to complete our work next year without a lameduck session and with-out another end of year crisis. And that is something everyone should be able to agree on. 
In today’s polarized environment, 
that may seem like wishful thinking. But there is no reason we can’t make it happen. We should build upon the mo-mentum created by adoption of the Bi-partisan Budget Act of 2015, which the Senate passed with a 64-to-35 vote on October 30. And the key is really quite simple—genuine bipartisan cooperation at every step of the process. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF HERMANDAD MEXICANA TRANSNACIONAL, ORG. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the 10th anniversary of Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional, Org. 
Since it was established in 2005, 
Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional has been a strong advocate for the Latino community in southern Nevada. In working to fulfill its mission of pro-moting family unity and community empowerment, the organization en-sures that Latinos in Nevada have the legal, social, educational, and eco-nomic support they need to thrive, re-gardless of their immigration status. 
Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional 
provides the Latino community with essential immigration services includ-ing assistance with navigating the im-migration system to become natural-ized U.S. citizens; applying for the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, DACA, program; renewing work per-mits and legal permanent resident cards; and filing U-Visa and Violence Against Women Act petitions. 
Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional 
has formed important partnerships with other entities to enhance the re-sources it provides. These resources in-clude supportive services for victims of violence and free tax preparation serv-ices, voter registration assistance for newly naturalized U.S. citizens, and at-torney consultation services for immi-gration cases at no cost to the client. Furthermore, Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional offers a variety of lit-eracy and education courses for English language learners through its adult education program. These courses include elementary and middle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.062 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8876 December 18, 2015 
school education classes and a prepara-
tion course for Spanish-speaking stu-dents to obtain a General Education di-ploma. 
I applaud Hermandad Mexicana 
Transnacional for 10 years of dedicated service to the Latino community in southern Nevada. Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional is the only organization of its kind in the Silver State, and its work is truly appreciated and admired. I also commend the distinguished lead-ership of Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional, particularly Ms. Luz Marin Mosquera, Ms. Dora Lopez, and Ms. Kathia Pereira. Under their direc-tion, Hermandad Mexicana Transnacional has assisted more than 45,000 people in southern Nevada with a variety of immigration-related issues. This includes 4,000 people who are now U.S. citizens and 5,300 people who are now DACA beneficiaries. 
I wish Hermandad Mexicana 
Transnacional continued success as the organization continues its meaningful work. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT NOTIFICATION REQUEST 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to have my letter to Senator M
CCONNELL dated December 
17, 2015, printed in the R ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, December 17, 2015. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Majority Leader, Russell Senate Office Build-
ing, Washington, DC. 
DEARLEADER MCCONNELL : I request to be 
notified before any unanimous consent agreement is agreed to regarding the nomi-nation of David Malcolm Robinson to be As-sistant Secretary for Conflict and Stabiliza-tion Operations and Coordinator for Recon-struction and Stabilization. This request is intended to be made publicly and will be dis-closed in the Congressional Record so my name need not be withheld. 
Thank you for your assistance. 
Sincerely, 
C
HARLES E. G RASSLEY , 
Chairman, 
Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am 
taking this opportunity to notice my objection to the Senate proceeding to the nomination of Janine Anne David-son of Virginia to be Under Secretary of the Navy. My concern is not with Ms. Davidson’s nomination, per se, but with a larger matter concerning the Navy and its policies and practices with regard to retaliation against whistleblowers. 
On October 21, 2015, the Washington 
Post reported that the Navy plans to promote RDML Brian L. Losey, even though the Department of Defense Of-fice of Inspector General, OIG, has found on multiple occasions that he re-taliated against perceived whistle-blowers in response to whistleblower 
complaints and, in some cases, simply the belief that such complaints had been made. According to the article, the OIG has reported that Rear Admi-ral Losey went so far as to make a list of suspected whistleblowers and inten-tionally target them for discipline, de-motion, and internal investigation. In several instances, the OIG rec-ommended personnel action be taken against Rear Admiral Losey for these actions. However, the Navy appears poised to ignore those findings and pro-mote Rear Admiral Losey. 
On November 13, 2015, I joined with 
seven other Senators, both Democrats and Republicans, in a request to Jon T. Rymer, the inspector general for the Department of Defense, for the OIG in-vestigation reports related to Rear Ad-miral Losey’s conduct. Those reports were provided to me and to the other Senators signing the November 13 let-ter just 3 days ago, on December 15, 2015, in redacted form. 
Until I have had an opportunity to 
thoroughly review the inspector gen-eral’s findings related to Rear Admiral Losey and until I have received assur-ances from the Navy that it will ad-dress those findings specifically and has policies in place to sanction retal-iation against whistleblowers more broadly, I will object to the Senate pro-ceeding with the Davidson nomination. 
(At the request of Mr. L
EE, the fol-
lowing statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, on Octo-
ber 7, 2015, I was unable to vote on the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I ask that the R
ECORD reflect that, had I been 
present, I would have voted yes. 
Mr. President, on November 10, 2015, I 
was unable to vote on the motion to concur to the House Amendment to S. 1356, an Act to authorize appropria-tions for Fiscal Year 2016 for military activities of the Department of De-fense. I ask that the R
ECORD reflect 
that, had I been present, I would have voted yes. ∑ 
f 
ARIZONA STATEHOOD AND ENA-
BLING ACT AMENDMENTS OF 1999 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, we wish 
to speak today about the Arizona Statehood and Enabling Act Amend-ments of 1999 concerning the invest-ment allocation and distribution of revenues in the State of Arizona’s per-manent land endowment trust fund. This fund consists of moneys derived from the sale of State trust land that was conveyed to the State of Arizona on admission to the Union in 1912. The State of Arizona was granted approxi-mately 10.9 million acres of land at statehood and today holds in trust over 9 million acres. Every year, revenues generated from trust land uses must be deposited in the fund and used solely 
for the benefit of beneficiaries specified in the Constitution of the State of Ari-zona, predominately Arizona’s K–12 public schools. 
The Arizona Statehood and Enabling 
Act Amendments of 1999 repealed strict investment and distribution limita-tions imposed on the fund by the Con-gress in the State’s enabling act. It also granted the voters of the State of Arizona the authority to adjust dis-tributions to the fund beneficiaries. To accomplish that objective, Congress specifically amended section 28 of the Arizona Enabling Act of 1910 to read, ‘‘Distributions from the trust funds shall be made as provided in article 10, Section 7 of the Constitution of the state of Arizona.’’ 
The Congressional Budget Office esti-
mate, which was included in the House of Representatives Committee report, indicated that ‘‘[e]nactment of this bill would give Arizona state officials greater flexibility in investing and dis-tributing the assets of the state’s per-manent funds.’’ 
My understanding is that this ref-
erence to the Constitution of the State of Arizona, in section 28 of the enabling act, authorizes the voters of the State of Arizona to amend their constitution to authorize different distributions than those in place in 1999, including distributions that may pay out more funds to the beneficiaries. I ask the senior Senator from Alaska: Would she agree? 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I want to thank 
the senior Senator from Arizona for his question. I am familiar with the ena-bling act’s requirements that funds are held in trust for certain beneficiaries, including K–12 public schools, and that distributions are made from Arizona’s permanent land endowment trust fund. 
The 1910 Arizona Enabling Act speci-
fied the level of education-funding dis-tributions that must be made from the State land trust fund. In 1999, Congress amended the 1910 act, eliminating the distribution requirement and providing that such distributions be made as pro-vided for in the Arizona Constitution, specifically article 10, section 7. Thus, as I understand it, so long as changes to the education-funding distributions are accomplished by amendments to article 10, section 7 of the Arizona Con-stitution, and the funds are used for the beneficiaries of the enabling act, the changes to funding distribution amounts from the State land trust are proper. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank Senator M UR-
KOWSKI for her answer. I have one fur-
ther question. I believe, should the vot-ers of the State of Arizona change the amounts distributed to the fund bene-ficiaries by amending article 10, sec-tion 7 of the Arizona Constitution, that the consent of Congress is not required prior to the change taking effect. Would the Senator agree? 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Senator M
CCAIN, 
because Congress specified that dis-tributions may be made as determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.016 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8877 December 18, 2015 
in article 10, section 7, of the Arizona 
Constitution, I share his view that Congress need not provide consent. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I thank the Senator 
from Alaska for her response. 
f 
CHILD NICOTINE POISONING 
PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
Ms. MURRAY. Mr. President, today I 
wish to engage in a colloquy with my colleague from Florida to speak briefly about the Senate’s recent passage of S. 142, the Child Nicotine Poisoning Pre-vention Act of 2015, which was intro-duced by Senator N
ELSON and which I 
cosponsored, along with many of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle. 
Liquid nicotine is very dangerous: 
even a small amount on the skin is enough to make a small child very ill. A 15-milliliter bottle, like those sold in stores and online—often without any verification that the buyer is not a minor—contains enough liquid nicotine to kill four children. This substance is marketed in bright colors and sweet flavors, so it is no surprise that it finds its way into the hands of our children. In 2014 alone, the American Associa-tion of Poison Control Centers reported over 1,500 liquid nicotine exposures. These exposures resulted in many seri-ous injuries and at least one tragic death of a child in New York. 
Mr. NELSON. I agree with my col-
league from Washington—we cannot stand by and allow this harm to con-tinue. The U.S. Government requires child-resistant packaging on other products, including over-the-counter medications and cleaning supplies. These rules have prevented countless injuries and deaths, and this important legislation will ensure we have the same protections in place when it comes liquid nicotine. 
Ms. MURRAY. That is why my col-
league, the ranking member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and I, as ranking member of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, urge the Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, CPSC, to act swiftly to imple-ment S. 142. 
At the same time, we note that Con-
gress is aware that the Food and Drug Administration has indicated a com-mitment to addressing the important public health issue of protecting chil-dren from the dangers of liquid nico-tine. The agency’s proposed tobacco deeming rule when finalized will ex-tend FDA’s tobacco authorities to products like e-cigarettes not mar-keted for therapeutic purposes and liq-uid nicotine. 
Mr. NELSON. Like my colleague, I 
urge FDA to act as quickly as possible to address this important public health issue as soon as they have jurisdiction over these products, and we understand they intend to do so. On July 1, 2015, FDA issued an Advance Notice of Pro-posed Rule Making, ANPRM, titled, ‘‘Nicotine Exposure Warnings and Child-Resistant Packaging for Liquid Nicotine, Nicotine-Containing E-Liq-
uid(s), and Other Tobacco Products; Request for Comments.’’ 
This ANPRM sought comments, data, 
and research results that will inform future regulatory action. As the regu-lating agency of these products, FDA must use all of its regulatory tools to protect children from the harms of e- cigarettes and liquid nicotine, includ-ing the regulation of liquid nicotine packaging. 
I look forward to working with Sen-
ator M
URRAY and our colleagues at the 
FDA and at the CPSC on this impor-tant issue. Together, we can ensure that every measure is taken to prevent more harm to our children from these dangerous products. 
f 
FAA COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish 
to join my colleague from Arizona, Senator M
CCAIN, in a colloquy regard-
ing an aviation noise concern of par-ticular interest to his constituents in the Phoenix area. 
During the floor debates on the 
transportation and housing appropria-tions bills in both the House and the Senate, there were a number of amend-ments adopted related to the Federal Aviation Administration’s air traffic procedures and, in particular, the noise that FAA-approved flight patterns cre-ate in communities. The Senator from Arizona offered an amendment dealing with this issue, which I was happy to accept during the abbreviated consider-ation of the THUD bill on the Senate floor. 
As a result, the omnibus includes bill 
language requiring the Federal Avia-tion Administration to update its ‘‘community involvement manual’’ re-lated to new air traffic procedures in order to improve public outreach and community involvement. The FAA is directed to complete and implement a plan which enhances community in-volvement and proactively addresses concerns associated with performance- based navigation projects. 
I know this is an important issue for 
you, Senator M
CCAIN, and I appreciate 
you joining me on the floor today so that we can send a clear message to the FAA about the importance of involving your constituents. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
thank the Senator from Maine for her consideration. I wish to provide further detail on the provision included in the omnibus requiring the Federal Avia-tion Administration to improve com-munity involvement policies and ad-dress concerns stemming from changes associated with performance based navigation projects, including what we expect the FAA to do to provide relief for impacted communities, and what that means for the people of Arizona. 
I appreciate the Senator from Maine 
for acknowledging that community outreach on the part of the FAA to date has been lacking, and that efforts underway at the FAA to update their community involvement practices have 
not been sufficient. I look forward to working with her to continue to ac-complish the intent of the language I introduced which was adopted by unan-imous consent earlier this year during Senate consideration of the transpor-tation and housing appropriations bills. 
Since September 2014, residents in 
Arizona around the Phoenix Sky Har-bor Airport have had their daily lives impacted by changes to flights paths 
made without formal notification to the airport or community engagement before the changes were implemented. The intent the language included in the omnibus is to improve outreach to the community and airport, providing an opportunity for notification and consultation with the operator of an affected airport and the community be-fore making future flight path deci-sions. 
Furthermore, for changes that have 
already been implemented, as is the case in Phoenix, the Administrator shall review those decisions to grant a categorical exclusion under Section 213(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to implement proce-dures in which the changed procedure has had a significant effect on the human environment in the community in which the airport is located, if the airport can demonstrate that the im-plementation has had such an effect. If this review indicates that the flight path changes have had such an impact, the FAA shall consult with the oper-ator of the airport to identify measures to mitigate the effect of the procedure on the human environment, including considering the use of alternative flight paths. 
This would not impede the efforts to 
modernize our Nation’s airspace through NextGen or substantially un-dermine efficiencies and safety im-provements realized through those ef-forts. It does create a long-awaited, much-needed opportunity for residents around Phoenix Sky Harbor Inter-national Airport negatively impacted by flight noise to have their voices heard by the FAA. 
Ms. COLLINS. To be clear, the FAA 
should be ensuring that local commu-nities have a voice when decisions that affect them directly are being made by the agency. 
f 
REQUIRED STATE PREEMPTION 
PROVISION IN THE FRANK R. LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
today, with my colleagues Senator C
ORY BOOKER and Senator J EFF 
MERKLEY , I wish to discuss the Frank 
R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, S. 697. Some oppo-nents claim it creates a regulatory void that will prohibit States from cre-ating or enforcing State policies while EPA assesses chemicals for safety. We opposed the bill as introduced because that was the case. Since then, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.071 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8878 December 18, 2015 
worked together with Senators U DALL , 
VITTER , and I NHOFE to restore the abil-
ity of States to protect their citizens while EPA is assessing chemicals by substantially shrinking the interim pe-riod of time where preemption occurs and by creating a straightforward waiver process. 
Mr. BOOKER. The provision requires 
EPA to allow States to regulate haz-ardous chemicals while EPA assesses a chemical for safety if the proposed state regulation meets three basic cri-teria: A, consistent with the dormant commerce clause of the U.S. Constitu-tion, compliance with the proposed reg-ulation will not unduly burden inter-state commerce in the manufacture, processing, distribution in commerce, or use of a chemical substance; B, com-pliance with the proposed regulation would not cause a violation of any ap-plicable Federal law, rule, or order; and C, the State or political subdivision of a State has a concern about the chem-ical substance or use of the chemical substance based in peer-reviewed science. 
Given the importance of this provi-
sion and the role EPA will play in re-viewing waiver applications, we asked EPA for its interpretation. EPA agrees that States will be exempted from pre-emption by meeting three criteria. The following are the relevant excerpts from EPA’s response: 
Based on the bill reported on June 18, 
2015, S. Rep. 114–67, the following is a summary of how EPA understands the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, FRL21, would operate with respect to the preemption of state law. 
Required waivers under section 
18(f)(2). These would be State requests for an exemption from preemption under section 18(b). EPA must grant this kind of waiver request if the State law for which waiver is sought would not unduly burden interstate com-merce; the State law for which waiver is sought would not cause a violation of Federal law; and the State has a concern about the chemical substance or use of the chemical substance based in peer-reviewed science. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Each of these stand-
ards has a constitutional foundation. The first reflects the restraints of the dormant commerce clause. The second reflects the Constitution’s supremacy clause. The third corresponds to the scientific factual predicate required to meet scrutiny under the due process clause, as not ‘‘arbitrary and capri-cious.’’ 
Restoring the ability for States to 
protect their citizens while EPA as-sesses the safety of chemicals was one of the primary goals of our work to im-prove this bill and that has been ac-complished under section 18(f)(2) of S. 697, as reported by the Environment and Public Works Committee. We be-lieve this does, within the limits im-posed by the Constitution. HONORING CORPORAL ANDREW A. 
AIMESBURY 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
have come to the floor to honor the service and sacrifice of Army CPL An-drew Aimesbury, who died last week from wounds sustained during squad live-fire training at Fort Stewart, GA. He was a proud son of New Hampshire, and I join with other Granite Staters in extending my deep condolences to his father, Carl Aimesbury, of Somersworth; his mother, Karen Kelsey, of Dover; and his sister, Abigail Aimesbury, also of Dover. 
Corporal Aimesbury served coura-
geously in Afghanistan and was highly respected as a warrior and team leader with an elite Ranger unit. His bat-talion commander praised his ‘‘caring nature’’ and called him ‘‘an exceptional Ranger leader and an extraordinary man.’’ 
It is deeply moving to read a post on 
Facebook by his father, Carl Aimesbury. Mr. Aimesbury wrote: ‘‘Wednesday December 9th the world lost the best son, brother, cousin, grandson, person that I was so privi-leged to call my son. He was an Army Ranger and so proud to serve his coun-try. My heart is broken but I am so thankful for the time I had with him. I love you Andrew.’’ As we honor An-drew, let us remember that it is not only our warriors who serve and sac-rifice but also their family members and loved ones. 
Corporal Aimesbury represented the 
very best in our Nation. After gradua-tion from Dover High School in Dover, NH, he enlisted in the Army and trained as an infantryman at Fort Benning, GA. He went on to complete the Ranger Assessment and Selection Program as well as the highly demand-ing Army Ranger Course and was as-signed to Company D, 1st Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment. 
Soldiers typically flinch from the 
term ‘‘hero.’’ But make no mistake, Andrew Aimesbury answered the call of duty, served our Nation in time of war, and was prepared to—and did—make the ultimate sacrifice. If that is not heroism, I don’t know what is. 
There is an inscription at Arlington 
National Cemetery that pretty much says it all: ‘‘Not for fame or reward, nor lured by ambition or goaded by ne-cessity, but in simple obedience to duty.’’ 
I join with people in New Hampshire 
and across the United States in hon-oring the ‘‘simple obedience to duty’’ of this brave fallen soldier, CPL An-drew Aimesbury. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHERYL S. 
CROMWELL 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor Ms. Cheryl S. Cromwell who will retire on January 3, 2016, after over 42 years of service to our Nation and the United States Air Force as a civilian airman. Ms. Cromwell began her civil service 
career in 1973 as a clerk in the Office of Programs and Resources for the U.S. Department of the Air Force. In 1974, Ms. Cromwell moved to the Air Force legislative liaison office under the Sec-retary of the Air Force where she would serve for the rest of her distin-guished career. She worked in the Air Force Senate liaison office in the Rus-sell Senate Office Building, but spent the majority of her time in the Air Force congressional inquiry office in the Pentagon. 
During her many years in the con-
gressional inquiry division, Ms. Crom-well provided responses to over 50,000 inquiries on behalf of constituents and formed a strong working relationship with many on congressional staffs. It is not surprising that staff frequently re-quested that Cheryl personally work their most important and difficult cases. 
It is my honor to join many of Ms. 
Cromwell’s co-workers, family, and friends in congratulating her on her well-deserved retirement after over 42 years of dedicated Federal service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AIKO LANE 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would 
like my colleagues to join me in thank-ing Aiko Lane, a Brookings fellow from the Department of Defense, for her service to the Senate and to wish her well as she returns to the Pentagon. 
Before Aiko joined my office she was 
a policy adviser in the office of the Secretary of Defense focusing on coun-tering weapons of mass destruction. She has also served as the Japan coun-try director where she represented the Department of Defense on issues re-lated to the U.S.-Japan alliance, in-cluding coordinating the U.S. response to Japan’s 2011 devastating To ¯hoku 
earthquake and tsunami. 
Prior to her work on Japan, Aiko was 
the Afghanistan country director where she was responsible for engaging with international partners and allies on military support for the U.S. and NATO-led efforts in Afghanistan. 
Aiko, who received her under-
graduate degree from Northwestern and a master’s degree from Columbia, has been an important member of my foreign policy team over the last year, focusing much of her time and energy on my work as ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Sub-committee on East Asia, the Pacific and International Cybersecurity Pol-icy. Aiko’s expertise in matters per-taining to East Asia and the Pacific and her solid advice and thoughtful analysis of all regional matters have been critical to me. Moreover, Aiko’s hard work enabled the subcommittee to hold five hearings this year on mat-ters ranging from democratic transi-tions in Southeast Asia to the North Korean nuclear threat. 
There is no question that the United 
States is fortunate to have people like Aiko representing Americans both at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.076 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8879 December 18, 2015 
home and abroad. We here in the Sen-
ate will miss Aiko’s extensive knowl-edge and extraordinary work ethic as she returns to the Department of De-fense. I also want to take this oppor-tunity to thank Aiko’s husband, Haru, and their children, Callea and Kent, for sharing her with us this past year. The Senate schedule isn’t always the most ‘‘family friendly’’ but Aiko has been able to juggle the competing demands masterfully. I urge my colleagues to join me in thanking Aiko Lane for her outstanding service to our Nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 240TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NAVY CHAPLAIN CORPS 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, 240 
years ago, the Navy Chaplain Corps was established. Chaplains serve our Nation by serving the members of our military—providing prayer, comfort, support, healing and restoration. 
Chaplains go into the darkest places 
on earth to serve those who risk their lives for our Nation. They have seen the worst, but still provide hope for something greater. Over the course of their ministry, 16 Navy chaplains have given the ultimate sacrifice. Addition-ally, two chaplains have been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for their devoted service. 
After over a decade of conflict in Iraq 
and Afghanistan, chaplains today con-tinue to bring support and hope to those affected by war. Protecting and advancing the religious liberty of both chaplains and servicemembers is essen-tial to preserve our honored heritage. 
On the 240th anniversary of the Navy 
Chaplain Corps, we recognize their dedication and devotion, their service to a cause greater than themselves, and their selfless sacrifice for our na-tion. We also recognize the importance of protecting their right and the right of every servicemember to practice their religious beliefs. 
On this day, we recognize all Navy 
chaplains who have answered the call to serve where it matters, when it mat-ters, with what matters since 1775. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BOB FORD 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor Bob Ford, who is retiring from Senate service. Bob is a valued, longtime member of my staff and dear friend. 
In September of 2002, Bob joined my 
staff as the State director for business, economic, and rural development. Bob, originally from the Sunny Slope area of Canyon County, brought to the posi-tion a profound knowledge of rural and economic development shaped by his service as the State manager of rural development for the Idaho Department of Commerce, where he worked for 17 years in various capacities. 
To say that Bob assisted me in a 
number of issue areas is an understate-ment. He has worked on far too many efforts to count. In addition to his work on rural and economic develop-
ment issues, he has worked on initia-tives related to housing, labor, trade, veterans, energy, banking, budget, taxes, immigration, water resources, transportation, and much more. 
Highlights of his contributions as a 
member of my staff include his suc-cessful work to stop the transfer of the terminal approach control radar, known as TRACON, from the Boise air-port. Bob spent countless hours work-ing with affected parties to build an overwhelming justification for retain-ing TRACON at the Boise airport. He also worked heavily on trying to re-store a key Amtrak corridor between the Midwest, the Intermountain States, and the Pacific Northwest. 
As a fellow veteran, Bob has utilized 
his shared understanding of serving our Nation to connect with Idaho’s vet-erans community and help improve veterans’ access to quality services. He has attentively and efficiently admin-istered the presenting of the Spirit of Freedom Award, which is an annual award to veterans and volunteers to recognize their great contributions to our armed services and veterans. 
Bob is pragmatic and witty. He 
brings his calm, commonsense ap-proach to any task, and I will miss his logical counsel and good humor. Bob is so widely admired that there has been no shortage of Idahoans who have shared fond memories of times they have worked with Bob over the years and the achievements he has made for the people of our great State. 
Bob, you have done ‘‘not bad for a 
kid who grew up on a farm in Sunny Slope on the banks of the Snake River.’’ I hope that retirement will pro-vide much-deserved time fishing, and 
that I will still get to benefit from your wise assistance from time to time. Thank you for your outstanding, committed service. Congratulations on your retirement. I wish you all the best. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO VIRGIL COURNEYA 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Virgil Courneya on being selected as National President of the Fleet Reserve Association, FRA. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his achievement in being selected to lead an organization that does so much for our Nation’s military community. 
Mr. Courneya enlisted in the U.S. 
Marine Corps in 1972 and served his country for nearly a quarter century. Throughout his military career, he re-ceived numerous assignments across the country, where he served in Cali-fornia, Nevada, North Carolina, Ha-waii, and Pennsylvania. He also served overseas in Japan and Bolivia. Before retiring in 1996, he achieved the rank of master gunnery sergeant. Mr. Courneya’s service is invaluable to our country, and I am grateful for the sac-rifices he made for our freedoms. The FRA is a congressionally char-
tered military and veterans service or-ganization that serves active members 
and veterans of the U.S. Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard. In his new role, Mr. Courneya will work to strengthen the organization and in-crease national recognition of the work being done by the FRA on behalf of our Nation’s heroes. He will also serve as an advocate for the issues important to sea service members and their families. 
Mr. Courneya has been a member of 
the FRA since 1982 and is currently a member of the FRA Branch 274 in Reno. Throughout his service to this organization, he has held numerous im-portant roles on the local, regional, and national levels, including serving as both the association’s west coast re-gional president from 2004 to 2006 and national vice president from 2012 to 2013. 
I am grateful for Mr. Courneya’s 
many contributions to sea service members and veterans throughout our Nation and State. His actions represent only the greatest of Nevada’s values and place him among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly de-fended our Nation. I would also like to recognize his wife, Helen, who was se-lected as the national president of the auxiliary. Our State is fortunate to have role models such as Mr. and Mrs. Courneya serving Nevada’s brave. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize Con-gress has a responsibility not only to honor the brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I re-main committed to upholding this promise for veterans in our State and across the country. I am grateful to have Nevadans like Mr. Courneya working towards a common goal: fight-ing to ensure the needs of our military community are met. 
Mr. Courneya has demonstrated pro-
fessionalism, commitment to excel-lence, and dedication to the highest standards of the U.S. Marine Corps. I extend my greatest gratitude for his service to defending our freedom and his work on behalf of the FRA. I am humbled and honored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Ne-vadan. Today I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. Courneya on being selected as national president of this important organiza-tion. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING PAT 
SKORKOWSKY 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Clark County School District Superintendent Pat Skorkowsky on being named National Superintendent of the Year by Jobs for America’s Graduates, JAG. This award is truly prestigious and attained by only the most influential educators across the country. 
JAG is a nonprofit organization that 
is focused on improving the edu-cational outcome of America’s youth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.074 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8880 December 18, 2015 
to ensure they are equipped to succeed 
in higher education and the workforce. The Nevada chapter of this State-based national organization has been a driv-ing force to help integrate the JAG program into 19 schools in the Clark County School District, assisting the needs of more than 700 students in 37 schools across the State. Mr. Skorkowsky played a significant role in implementing this program after a successful pilot trial at several schools across our State. 
Over 25 years ago, Mr. Skorkowsky 
began working as an educator for the Clark County School District. Throughout his tenure, he has served as a teacher, assistant principal, prin-cipal, academic manager, deputy super-intendent, and now as superintendent. Mr. Skorkowsky spearheaded the idea that drives the nation’s fifth largest school district: ‘‘Every student in every classroom, without exceptions, without excuses.’’ During his time as superintendent, Mr. Skorkowsky has upheld this philosophy, implementing strategies to improve the academic ex-perience for every student who attends a Clark County School. Southern Ne-vada is fortunate to have someone of such great experience working on be-half of the future of Nevada’s youth. 
As a father of four children who at-
tended Nevada’s public schools and as the husband of a teacher, I understand the important role that educators play in enriching the lives of Nevada’s stu-dents. Ensuring that America’s youth are prepared to compete in the 21st century is critical for the future of our country. Mr. Skorkowsky has worked tirelessly to help prepare students across southern Nevada to be career and college ready, and I am grateful to have him serving as an ally to future generations of Nevadans. 
I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans 
to join me in thanking Mr. Skorkowsky for his dedication to en-riching the lives of Nevada’s students and in congratulating him on receiving this award. I wish him well as he con-tinues creating success for all students who enter the Clark County School District. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING GLEE S. SMITH, 
JR. 
∑Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, on No-
vember 16, Kansas lost one of its great-est citizens when Glee Smith, Jr., passed away at age 94. Today, I pay tribute to Glee and celebrate his life, his legacy, and his service to our State and Nation. 
Glee was born and raised in 1921 in 
Rozel—a rural central Kansas town with a population of 156. After high school, like so many members of our ‘‘greatest generation,’’ Glee served our Nation during World War II as a first lieutenant in the Army Air Corps. 
After the war, he returned to further 
his education at the University of Kan-sas, where he earned a bachelor’s de-gree in journalism in 1943 and a juris doctorate in 1947. During this time, 
Glee married Gerry Buhler, his wife of more than 70 years. Together, they moved southwest to Larned, where Glee partnered with Maurice Wildgen to found the Wildgen & Smith Law Firm. Within 2 years of establishing his law practice, Glee was elected to his first position of public service as Pawnee County attorney and later to the Larned Board of Education, on which he served for 12 years. 
These two roles provided the bedrock 
for Glee’s work on behalf of Kansans and instilled a deep respect for the rule of law and commitment to education. He was a 67-year member of the Kansas Bar Association—20 of which were spent as a member of the Board of Gov-ernors. In addition, President Gerald Ford appointed Glee to the First Board of Directors of the National Legal Services Corporation, which he served on from 1975 to 1979. He also served on the Kansas Board of Regents for 8 years, including 2 as chairman. These are just a few of the many other causes that Glee took part in and often ended up leading. Many remember Glee’s leadership from his 16 years in the Kan-sas State Senate, during which he served as Judiciary Committee chair-man, Ways and Means Committee chairman and president of the senate for his final 8 years. 
The comments left on Glee’s obituary 
in the Lawrence Journal-World do serv-ice to the impression that he left on those around him: 
‘‘Glee was a great person and a true 
gentleman[.] He was a great person to work with in governmental affairs and socially as well.’’ 
‘‘[I] loved his stories of how Ger[ry] 
and he met and that he loved her from the moment he saw her!!! Their love and devotion have been inspiring . . . It was an honor to get to know him.’’ 
‘‘There will always be an empty seat 
at First Presbyterian Church where Glee sat beside his beloved Gerry. He was a stately gentleman and a truly gentle man. He will be sorely missed by all who knew him.’’ 
‘‘One of the rewards of serving on the 
Kansas 4–H Foundation was serving alongside people like Glee. Leadership, Vision, Wisdom, Caring, Friend—a few words that describe Glee Smith.’’ 
‘‘Although his impact was great in 
his efforts on behalf of the State of Kansas and KU, it was most significant in all the lives he touched along the way.’’ 
Glee Smith taught through his ac-
tions that true satisfaction in life comes from service to others. This is the legacy we should all hope to leave behind for the next generation. 
I always believe what happens in the 
nation’s capital is important, but the truth is that we change the world one person at a time. While our work in the Senate matters, much more is accom-plished by a person like Glee. I would ask my Senate colleagues to join me in extending our sympathies to Glee’s wife; three children, Sid, Stephen, and Susan; three grandchildren; and nine 
great-grandchildren as they begin this new year in the absence of their loved one. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING MAJOR GENERAL 
WILL HILL TANKERSLEY 
∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, today 
I wish to pay tribute to MG Will Hill Tankersley, a patriot and friend. Gen-eral Tankersley died Saturday, Novem-ber 28, 2015, at the age of 87. General Tankersley exemplified the attributes of service, loyalty, and, perhaps most precious to him, duty. He leaves behind an adoring family, generations of friends and admirers, and a legacy that will persist long after his passing. 
He was born February 28, 1928, to a 
family with deep roots in Alabama. In fact, his grandfather settled around what would become Montgomery in 1815, 4 years before Alabama achieved statehood. When only a boy, his father, Felix Marcus Tully, passed away, leav-ing him in the care of his mother, ‘‘Miss Corrie’’ Melton Hill. His paternal grandfather, Judge Will Hill, became a father-figure to young Will Hill, ensur-ing his mother and her young family were provided for and that Will Hill and his brothers received an education. 
Despite facing these difficult odds, 
Will Hill attended the Citadel and Mar-ion Military Institute before gaining acceptance to West Point, from which he graduated in 1950. Soon after grad-uation, before his class had even gone through basic training, he was sent into combat in Korea, serving six cam-paigns as a combat infantryman. For his service, he was awarded the Distin-guished Service Medal, Bronze Star, and Combat Infantry Badge. 
The West Point Class of 1950 has the 
tragic distinction of suffering through some of the heaviest wartime losses in the history of the academy; he was one of only six of his classmates in his regi-ment not killed, wounded, or captured. In fact, at the age of 23, then-Lieuten-ant Tankersley had the unfortunate distinction of being the oldest living infantry lieutenant in the 19th Infan-try Regiment. 
It was in 1953 while stationed at Fort 
Benning that he met Theda Clark Ball, also of Montgomery, whom he soon married. She was the love of his life, and her special place in his heart re-mained after her death in 2013, after al-most 60 years of marriage. 
Once leaving the regular Army, Will 
Hill returned to Montgomery and joined the investment bank Sterne Agee & Leach. His 45 years at Sterne Agee saw him rise to the top of the or-ganization, becoming a vice president, board member, senior vice president, chairman of the executive committee of the board of directors, president of the company, and finally the vice 
chairman emeritus for life. He retired in October of 2003. 
General Tankersley’s dedication to 
principle and sense of civic duty to his city, State, and country are well known. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:05 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.031 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8881 December 18, 2015 
Among his many distinctions are 
Montgomery Citizen of the Year for 1992; two terms as chairman of the Montgomery Chamber of Commerce; chairman of the Montgomery Area Committee of 100; chairman of Auburn University College of Business Advi-sory Counsel; the distinguished alum-nus from Auburn University College of Business; and Marion Military Insti-tute Alumnus of the Year. 
General Tankersley also served on 
the board of visitors of the Air Univer-sity at Maxwell Air Force Base; as president of the Montgomery Rotary Club; a member of the board of direc-tors for the Montgomery Academy; a member of the board of directors for the Tukabatchee Area Counsel Boy Scouts of America; senior warden of St. John’s Episcopal Church—having served 5 years on its vestry; one of eight directors of the Governor’s Man-agement Improvement Program for Alabama; and chairman of the Edu-cation Committee on Community Gov-ernment. 
After Active Duty, Will Hill re-
mained in the U.S. Army Reserve, eventually rising to the rank of major general. He served as the civilian aide to the Secretary of the Army for the State of Alabama; was nominated as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Reserve Affairs by President Ford, serving 3 years; was appointed during the George H.W. Bush administration as chairman of the Reserve Forces Pol-icy Board, principal adviser to the Sec-retary of Defense on matters con-cerning the National Guard and Re-serves; and was appointed in 2001 by George W. Bush as one of 11 commis-sioners on the American Battle Monu-ments Commission. 
General Tankersley is survived by 
three children: his daughter, Theda, and sons Will Hill, Jr., and David. 
I mentioned earlier the high value 
General Tankersely placed on the con-cept of duty and of meeting the re-quirements imposed upon those bound to it. He not only lived a life bound by this code but proselytized its virtues to others. In 1995, when I was attorney general of Alabama, he sent me a framed quotation of General Lee, still in my office today, which reads ‘‘Duty is the sublimest word in the English Language.’’ Accompanying this gift was an encouraging note serving as both a call to arms and an offer of his services reading in part: 
In the event you ever feel the urge to let 
bygones be bygones, to overlook the trans-gressions of those in public office who have violated the law, abused the public trust, and brought dishonor on Alabama and hurt its image or to believe these miscreants did not know what they were doing and shouldn’t be prosecuted—call me, night or day, and I’ll come to where you are and remind you of General Lee’s words. 
The Philistines are all around us and they 
are many and we are few; we must keep the faith and do our duty if government of, by and for the people is to exist in our state. 
General Tankersley represented the 
best of Alabama and her values. He was a true patriot and a man of great char-
acter. He will be greatly missed. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:27 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with amendments, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate. 
The message also announced that the 
House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 3594) to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION  
SIGNED  
At 11:41 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bills and joint resolution: 
H.R. 3594. An act to extend temporarily the 
Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 4246. An act to exempt for an addi-
tional 4-year period, from the application of the means-test presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and mem-bers of the National Guard who, after Sep-tember 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days. 
H.J. Res. 76. Joint resolution appointing 
the day for the convening of the second ses-sion of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress. 
The enrolled bills and joint resolu-
tion were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 2:06 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 2425. An act to amend the XVIII and XIX 
of the Social Security Act to improve pay-ments for complex rehabilitation technology and certain radiation therapy services, to en-sure flexibility in applying the hardship ex-ception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR 
reporting period for 2017 payment adjust-ments, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that 
the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2241. An act to direct the Adminis-
trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of glob-al health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 104. Concurrent resolution 
providing for the sine die adjournment of the first session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:10 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2029. An act making appropriations 
for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2241. An act to direct the Adminis-
trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of glob-al health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 2434. A bill to provide that any executive 
action that infringes on the powers and du-ties of Congress under section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States has no force or effect, and to prohibit the use of funds for certain purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, December 18, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following joint reso-lutions: 
S.J. Res. 23. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
S.J. Res. 24. Joint resolution providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.019 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8882 December 18, 2015 
title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-
mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3928. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pendimethalin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9937–18–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3929. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Extension of Pesticide Tolerances for Emergency Exemptions (Multiple Chemi-cals)’’ (FRL No. 9939–95–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3930. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Onions Grown in Certain Des-ignated Counties in Idaho, and Malheur County, Oregon; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–15–0027) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3931. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–3932. A communication from the Senior 
Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ap-praisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold’’ (RIN3170–AA11) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking , Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–3933. A communication from the Senior 
Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truth in Lending (Regulation Z) Annual Threshold Adjustments (CARD Act, HOEPA and ATR/QM)’’ (12 CFR Part 1026) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3934. A communication from the Senior 
Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consumer Leasing (Regulation M)’’ (RIN3170–AA06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3935. A communication from the Senior 
Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Truth in Lending (Regulation Z)’’ (12 CFR Part 1026) received in the Office of the Presi-
dent of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3936. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Administrative Re-quirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Re-quirements for Federal Awards: Conforming Amendments’’ (RIN2501–AD66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3937. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Annual Report of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau on College Credit Cards; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–3938. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–024); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3939. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0166 - 2015–0171); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3940. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Final Authorization of State-initi-ated Changes and Incorporation by Reference of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram’’ (FRL No. 9939–57–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3941. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas and Oklahoma; Re-gional Haze State Implementation Plans; Interstate Viability Transport State Imple-mentation Plan to Address Pollution Affect-ing Visibility and Regional Haze; Federal Implementation Plan for Regional Haze’’ (FRL No. 9940–21–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–3942. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Oregon; Interstate Trans-port of Ozone’’ (FRL No. 9940–35–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3943. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Idaho: Interstate Trans-port of Ozone’’ (FRL No. 9940–32–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3944. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality Implementation Plan Ap-
proval; Illinois; Illinois Power Holdings and AmerenEnergy Medina Valley Cogen Vari-ance’’ (FRL No. 9939–75–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3945. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NH; Infrastruc-ture State Implementation Plan Require-ments for Ozone, Lead, and Nitrogen Diox-ide.’’ (FRL No. 9940–15–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
EC–3946. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fra-ser River Sockeye and Pink Salmon Fish-eries; Inseason Orders’’ (RIN0648–XE261) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3947. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update of Weighted Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–3948. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tribal Economic Development Bonds: Use of Volume Cap for Draw-Down Loans’’ (Notice 2015–83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3949. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Borrower Defense Student Loan Discharges’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015– 57) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–3950. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revenue Ruling: 2015 Base Period T–Bill Rate’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–26) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 15, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3951. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. COCHRAN, from the Committee on 
Appropriations: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised 
Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals from the Concurrent Resolution for Fis-cal Year 2016’’ (Rept. No. 114–197). 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Report to accompany S. 571, a bill to 
amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.035 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8883 December 18, 2015 
appeals and to apply to other certificates 
issued by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–198). 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs, without amendment: 
S. 152. A bill to prohibit gaming activities 
on certain Indian land in Arizona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts (Rept. No. 114–199). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
*Patrick Joseph Murphy, of Pennsylvania, 
to be Under Secretary of the Army. 
*Janine Anne Davidson, of Virginia, to be 
Under Secretary of the Navy. 
*Lisa S. Disbrow, of Virginia, to be Under 
Secretary of the Air Force. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. 
BOXER , and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 2422. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appro-priations are being made for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 2423. A bill making appropriations to ad-
dress the heroin and opioid drug abuse epi-demic for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): 
S. 2424. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment re-garding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Mr. B URR, Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
BLUNT , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. 
MURRAY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 2425. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation tech-nology and certain radiation therapy serv-ices, to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 pay-ment adjustments, and for other purposes; considered and passed. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ): 
S. 2426. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
State to develop a strategy to obtain ob-server status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 2427. A bill to prohibit discrimination 
against individuals with disabilities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BENNET: 
S. 2428. A bill to amend the National and 
Community Service Act of 1990 to establish a National Service for Schools Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. AYOTTE (for herself, Mr. B
URR, 
Mr. K IRK, Mr. G RAHAM , Mrs. E RNST , 
Mr. W ICKER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. R OBERTS , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. 
INHOFE ): 
S. 2429. A bill to require a report on the 
military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear pro-gram and to prohibit the provision of sanc-tions relief to Iran until Iran has verifiably ended all military dimensions of its nuclear program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and 
Ms. C
OLLINS ): 
S. 2430. A bill to permit the recovery of 
costs incurred by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for preclearance operations ac-tivities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
B
OOZMAN , and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 2431. A bill to improve the training of 
child protection professionals; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. 
B
ARRASSO ): 
S. 2432. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to require the disclosure of the portion of health insurance premiums attrib-utable to the health insurance tax; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 2433. A bill to provide Federal support to 
increase public transportation ridership by college students; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 2434. A bill to provide that any executive 
action that infringes on the powers and du-ties of Congress under section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the United States has no force or effect, and to prohibit the use of funds for certain purposes; read the first time. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , 
Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. W ICKER , 
and Mr. I NHOFE ): 
S. 2435. A bill to ensure that each covered 
alien receives a thorough background inves-tigation before such alien is admitted to the United States as a refugee, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. R
EID, 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 2436. A bill to provide for certain assist-
ance and reforms relating to the territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. 
MIKULSKI ): 
S. Res. 338. A resolution congratulating 
Towson University on the 150th anniversary of the founding of the university; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Mrs. E
RNST ): 
S. Res. 339. A resolution congratulating the 
University of Iowa College of Law for 150 years of outstanding service to the State of Iowa, the United States, and the world; con-sidered and agreed to. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. K IRK, and 
Mr. W ICKER ): 
S. Res. 340. A resolution expressing the 
sense of Congress that the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS or Da’esh) is committing genocide, crimes against human-ity, and war crimes, and calling upon the President to work with foreign governments and the United Nations to provide physical protection for ISIS’ targets, to support the creation of an international criminal tri-bunal with jurisdiction to punish these crimes, and to use every reasonable means, including sanctions, to destroy ISIS and dis-rupt its support networks; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): 
S. Res. 341. A resolution designating Janu-
ary 2016 as ‘‘National Carbon Monoxide Poi-soning Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. Res. 342. A resolution congratulating the 
women’s volleyball team of Wheeling Jesuit University on winning the Division II Na-tional Championship; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic fos-ter care services in Medicaid. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 627 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 627, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to revoke bonuses paid to employees involved in elec-tronic wait list manipulations, and for other purposes. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reau-thorize and modernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1082 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1082, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs based on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.042 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8884 December 18, 2015 
performance or misconduct, and for 
other purposes. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protec-tion Act to designate additional unlaw-ful acts under the Act, strengthen pen-alties for violations of the Act, im-prove Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to reauthor-ize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1455 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1455, a bill to provide access to medi-cation-assisted therapy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1607 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from 
Iowa (Mrs. E RNST ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1607, a bill to affirm the authority of the President to require independent regulatory agencies to comply with regulatory analysis re-quirements applicable to executive agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1648 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1648, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to cre-ate a sustainable future for rural healthcare. 
S. 1656 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1656, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend the publicly traded partnership ownership structure to energy power generation projects and transportation fuels, and for other purposes. 
S. 1688 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1688, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of New Columbia into the Union. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1774, a bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to treat Puerto Rico as a State for pur-poses of chapter 9 of such title relating to the adjustment of debts of munici-palities. 
S. 1890 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from 
Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1890, a bill to amend chapter 90 of title 18, United States Code, to provide Federal jurisdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes. 
S. 1893 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1893, a bill to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use disorders. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1911, a bill to implement policies to end preventable maternal, newborn, and child deaths globally. 
At the request of Ms. C
OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1911, supra. 
S. 1915 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1915, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response pro-viders, and for other purposes. 
S. 2196 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2196, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare com-petitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and acces-sories. 
S. 2222 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2222, a bill to amend the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act to support community college and in-dustry partnerships, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2234 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from 
Wyoming (Mr. B ARRASSO ), the Senator 
from South Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the 
Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S ASSE), 
the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Colorado 
(Mr. G ARDNER ), the Senator from Ne-
vada (Mr. H ELLER ), the Senator from 
Utah (Mr. H ATCH ), the Senator from 
Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ), the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), the Sen-ator from Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ), the Sen-
ator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), 
the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E NZI), 
the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. C ASSIDY ), the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ), the Senator 
from West Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ), the 
Senator from Alabama (Mr. S ESSIONS ), 
the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
KIRK), the Senator from South Caro-
lina (Mr. G RAHAM ), the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. C ASEY ), the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ), the Sen-
ator from Montana (Mr. D AINES ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ), the 
Senator from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ), 
the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from Maryland 
(Mr. C ARDIN ), the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ), the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ), 
the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C AR-
PER), the Senator from South Dakota 
(Mr. T HUNE ), the Senator from North 
Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ), the Senator 
from Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ), the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ), 
the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. T OOMEY ), the Senator from 
North Carolina (Mr. T ILLIS ), the Sen-
ator from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), the 
Senator from Michigan (Ms. S TABE -
NOW), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. 
PETERS ), the Senator from New York 
(Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from 
New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. B ROWN ), the Sen-
ator from Alabama (Mr. S HELBY ), the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ), the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J OHNSON ), 
the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Senator from Tennessee 
(Mr. A LEXANDER ), the Senator from 
Iowa (Mrs. E RNST ), the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. R OBERTS ), the Senator 
from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the Senator 
from Iowa (Mr. G RASSLEY ), the Senator 
from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) and the 
Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
2234, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the mem-bers of the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) in recognition of their superior service and major contributions during World War II. 
S. 2251 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2251, a bill to provide for a supple-mentary payment to Social Security beneficiaries, supplemental security in-come beneficiaries, and recipients of veterans benefits, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2268 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. T OOMEY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 2268, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.045 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8885 December 18, 2015 
United States Army Dust Off crews of 
the Vietnam War, collectively, in rec-ognition of their extraordinary her-oism and life-saving actions in Viet-nam. 
S. 2356 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N EL-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2356, a bill to amend the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to re-quire an electronic communication service provider that generates call de-tail records pursuant to an order under that Act to notify the Attorney Gen-eral if the provider intends to retain such records for a period less than 18 months. 
S. 2362 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 2362, a bill to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to provide en-hanced security measures for the Visa Waiver Program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2372 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2372, a bill to require reporting of ter-rorist activities and the unlawful dis-tribution of information relating to ex-plosives, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 290 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L EE) was 
added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 290, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that any protocol to, or other agreement regarding, the United Na-tions Framework Convention on Cli-mate Change of 1992, negotiated at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris will be considered a treaty requiring the advice and con-sent of the Senate. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mrs. B OXER , and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 2422. A bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of Veterans Affairs to carry out certain major medical facility projects for which appropriations are being made for fiscal year 2016; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
speak today regarding the introduction of a bill, cosponsored by Senators B
OXER and C ARDIN , to provide the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs with the authority to obligate and expend ap-propriated funds in order to begin con-struction on critical projects in Cali-fornia, Kentucky, Maryland, and Wash-ington. This is time-sensitive legisla-tion, and I am working with my col-league and friend Chairman I
SAKSON to 
move the bill by unanimous consent as soon as a final fiscal year 2016 funding measure is enacted. 
Last month, the Senate passed the 
fiscal year 2016 Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
Appropriations Act, which provided $822,800,000 for major construction projects at these Veterans Affairs Med-ical Centers. This bill passed without a single vote cast against it. 
However, the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs cannot spend the money appropriated for fiscal year 2016 and begin construction on these projects because it lacks a separate authoriza-tion, which is required by law. 
The legislation I am introducing 
today simply provides the authoriza-tion, as required by law, to allow the Department to move forward its fiscal year 2016 projects. 
The fiscal year 2016 projects include 
critical, time-sensitive seismic safety corrections to structures in San Fran-cisco, West Los Angeles, Long Beach, and American Lake. These buildings, which include health care facilities, veteran housing, and a community liv-ing center, are at an exceptionally high risk of collapse or suffering severe damage during an earthquake. 
If a major earthquake struck in prox-
imity to one of these medical centers while it was in use by veterans and the department’s employees, there could be numerous injuries and deaths. 
The U.S. Geological Survey esti-
mates there is a greater than 99 per-cent chance that a magnitude 6.7 or greater earthquake will strike Cali-fornia in the next 30 years. 
It is important to note that even less 
severe earthquakes can cause damage to seismically unsafe buildings that re-sult in injuries and deaths. The Cali-fornia Governor’s Office of Emergency Services believes that the damage to seismically unfit buildings caused by the magnitude 6.0 earthquake that hit Napa, California on August 24, 2014, at 3:20 a.m., would likely have resulted in many more deaths and injuries if it had struck during business hours when these structures were in use. As it was, the earthquake caused over 200 injuries and one fatality. 
In fact, the U.S. Geological Survey 
estimates that a 6.0 magnitude earth-quake hits California every 1.2 years on average. This is a terrifying figure, and it is why I strongly believe that Con-gress must enact this legislation with-out delay. 
This is not a hypothetical situation. 
In 1971, the devastating San Fernando 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck and caused a total of 58 deaths. The older, deficient buildings at the San Fer-nando VA medical center were demol-ished, killing 30 patients and 10 staff. The destruction on the Federal Govern-ment’s VA campus was responsible for the majority of all deaths reported in this earthquake. Had the Federal build-ings been structurally sound, there is a likelihood that many of these deaths could have been prevented. If there are any Senators in this body who might want to delay moving the fiscal year 2016 construction authorizations, I urge them to think long and hard about this tragic event. In 2015, Congress did not authorize 
the Department’s major construction projects until this past September; 10 months after funds were appropriated by Congress in the fiscal year 2015 Om-nibus. I believe it would be a huge dis-serve to our veterans to allow such a lengthy delay to occur again. 
More hearings and delays are unnec-
essary to determine whether the Sen-ate should pass this legislation. The Senate Appropriations Committee held hearings with the Department on these projects as it reviewed the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request. The Senate Committee marked up and re-ported the Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies ap-propriations bill in a bipartisan fash-ion. The Senate voted in a unanimous fashion to pass this bill just last month. 
I also understand there are concerns 
about the effectiveness of the Depart-ment’s construction process, but the Senate’s appropriations bill also in-cluded important provisions requiring the Department to work closely with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers on improving the management controls for its next major construction projects. 
I want to reiterate that without a 
separate authorization, the Depart-ment cannot start this vital work to protect our veterans and federal em-ployees. 
This is exactly why Americans be-
lieve that the Federal Government does not work. How does Congress ex-plain this unnecessary delay to vet-erans who go to medical appointments in the buildings at risk of collapse or major damage? There is no reason to delay authorizing these projects when the money has already been appro-priated. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
quickly approving this legislation so that the fiscal year 2016 construction projects can move forward. Congress must act before the next earthquake strikes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 338—CON-
GRATULATING TOWSON UNIVER-SITY ON THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE UNIVERSITY 
Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Ms. M
I-
KULSKI ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 338 
Whereas, on January 15, 2016, Towson Uni-
versity, located in Towson, Maryland, cele-brates the founding of the university on Jan-uary 15, 1866; 
Whereas Article VIII, section 1 of the Con-
stitution of Maryland, adopted in convention in 1864, called for a uniform system of free public schools for the State of Maryland; 
Whereas, in 1865, the General Assembly of 
Maryland (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘General Assembly’’) created the State Nor-mal School, which would become Towson University; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.046 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8886 December 18, 2015 
Whereas, on January 15, 1866, the State 
Normal School opened in the Red Men’s Hall, located at 24 North Paca Street, in Balti-more, Maryland; 
Whereas, in 1875, a law was enacted to au-
thorize construction of a new building for the State Normal School, known as the Carrollton Building; 
Whereas the Carrollton Building was erect-
ed in West Baltimore at the corner of Lafay-ette Avenue and Carrollton Avenue; 
Whereas the State Normal School re-
mained in the Carrollton Building for almost 40 years; 
Whereas, on June 10, 1910, the General As-
sembly enacted a law to create the Maryland State Normal School Building Commission, which was responsible for— 
(1) selecting a new site for the State Nor-
mal School; and 
(2) preparing plans and estimates for the 
construction of new buildings; 
Whereas, in April of 1912, the General As-
sembly enacted a law to authorize a $600,000 bond for the purchase of a new site for the State Normal School; 
Whereas, in August of 1912, the Maryland 
State Normal School Building Commission selected the new site for the State Normal School in Towson, Maryland, where Towson University is located as of the date of adop-tion of this resolution; 
Whereas the new campus of the State Nor-
mal School was constructed on 88 acres of farmland and included 3 buildings, which were known as— 
(1) the Administration Building (known on 
the date of adoption of this resolution as ‘‘Stephens Hall’’); 
(2) Newell Hall; and (3) the Power Plant; 
Whereas, on September 15, 1915, the doors 
of the State Normal School were opened for more than 300 students at its new location in Towson, Maryland; 
Whereas, in June of 1935, the name of the 
State Normal School was changed to the State Teachers College at Towson (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘State Teachers College’’); 
Whereas the name of the State Normal 
School was changed to the State Teachers College because, in 1935, the General Assem-bly enacted a law to require teachers to earn a 4-year baccalaureate degree, rather than requiring teachers to earn a 2-year certifi-cate; 
Whereas, in 1936, the State Teachers Col-
lege met standards of accreditation set forth by— 
(1) the American Association of Teachers 
Colleges; and 
(2) the American Council on Education; 
Whereas the Governor of Maryland, Theo-
dore McKeldin, submitted a capital improve-ment budget of $1,172,500 for the State Teachers College— 
(1) to construct buildings; and (2) to acquire 40 acres; 
Whereas, in 1963, the State of Maryland— 
(1) made the State Teachers College a lib-
eral arts college; and 
(2) changed the name of the State Teachers 
College to Towson State College; 
Whereas, from 1960 through 1970, Towson 
State College carried out a construction pro-gram funded by more than $35,000,000 in Fed-eral and State funds, which necessitated the purchase of land and construction of new buildings; 
Whereas, on July 1, 1976, the name of Tow-
son State College was changed to Towson State University; 
Whereas, in 1988, higher education in Mary-
land was restructured to consolidate the State College and University System, of which Towson State University was a part, within the University System of Maryland; Whereas, in 1996, U.S. News & World Report 
ranked Towson State University in cat-egories for institutions in the North— 
(1) second in the ‘‘Most Efficient Schools’’ 
category; and 
(2) fourth in the ‘‘Best Sticker Price’’ cat-
egory; 
Whereas, in 1997, after years of discussion 
and debate, the name of Towson State Uni-versity changed to Towson University, which was considered a step that would— 
(1) elevate Towson University in the minds 
of individuals; and 
(2) allow Towson University to develop an 
identity while remaining in the University System of Maryland; 
Whereas, in 1998, U.S. News & World Report 
ranked Towson University among the top 10 public institutions in the North; 
Whereas, between January 1, 2000, and the 
date of adoption of this resolution, 14 new structures were constructed on the campus of Towson University; 
Whereas, in 2001, Towson University joined 
the Colonial Athletic Association, which is a collegiate conference affiliated with the Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association (com-monly known as the ‘‘NCAA’’); 
Whereas Towson University has 19 Division 
I athletic teams; 
Whereas, in 2003, the name of Minnegan 
Stadium at Towson University was changed to Johnny Unitas Stadium in honor of former Baltimore Colts quarterback, Johnny Unitas; 
Whereas, in 2013, Towson University in 
Northeastern Maryland opened, which allows a student of Harford Community College or Cecil College to complete a 4-year degree in any of 6 programs; 
Whereas the National Security Agency and 
the Department of Homeland Security des-ignated Towson University as a National Center of Academic Excellence in Informa-tion Assurance and Cyber Defense; 
Whereas the College of Education at Tow-
son University is the oldest, largest, and pre-eminent producer of teachers in the State of Maryland; 
Whereas an economic impact study enti-
tled ‘‘Towson University’s Economic Im-pact’’, published in 2015, found that Towson University had a $139,400,000,000 total eco-nomic impact on the economy of the State of Maryland between 1866 and 2014; 
Whereas Towson University evolved from 
the State Normal School with 11 students to 1 of the largest universities in Maryland, comprised of 6 distinct colleges with a total enrollment of more than 22,000 students; and 
Whereas the sustained commitment of 
Towson University to teacher education and workforce development has made Towson University— 
(1) a driving force for the economy of 
Maryland; and 
(2) a positive influence on the lives of grad-
uates of Towson University and students of graduates of Towson University: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates Towson University on the 
150
thanniversary of the founding of the uni-
versity; 
(2) recognizes the achievements of the ad-
ministrators, professors, students, and staff of Towson University, who have contributed to the success of Towson University; and 
(3) respectfully requests that the Secretary 
of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— 
(A) the president of Towson University; 
and 
(B) the interim provost and vice president 
for academic affairs of Towson University. SENATE RESOLUTION 339—CON-
GRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF IOWA COLLEGE OF LAW FOR 150 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE STATE OF IOWA, THE UNITED STATES, AND THE WORLD 
Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. 
E
RNST ) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 339 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law was founded in 1865, embodies the motto of Iowa, ‘‘our liberties we prize and our rights we will maintain’’, and has shaped generations of lawyers who exemplify that motto; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law is the oldest law school in continuous operation west of the Mississippi River; 
Whereas, in 1873, the University of Iowa 
College of Law graduated what is believed to be the first female law student in the United States, Mary Beth Hickey; 
Whereas the second female to graduate 
from the University of Iowa College of Law, Mary Humphrey Haddock, became the first woman admitted to practice before the Dis-trict and Circuit Courts of the United States; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law was one of the first law schools to grant a degree to an African-American student when Alexander Clark, Jr., who graduated in 1879 and is believed to be the second African- American to graduate from a public law school in the United States, graduated from the University of Iowa College of Law; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law graduated the first United States Attor-ney of American Indian ancestry; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law has been ranked consistently among the top law schools in the United States since the founding of the College of Law 150 years ago and is currently ranked the 22nd best law school in the United States according to U.S. News and World Report; 
Whereas the law journal of the University 
of Iowa College of Law, the Iowa Law Re-view, ranks among the high impact legal periodicals in the United States; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law is home to a law library that houses the second largest collection of volumes and vol-ume equivalents among all law school librar-ies, containing over 1,000,000 volumes and volume equivalents, making it one of the most comprehensive collections of print, microgram, and electronic legal materials in the United States; 
Whereas the Law Library at the University 
of Iowa College of Law is open to the public and provides valuable legal resources for all Iowans; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law serves as the only public law school in Iowa and pursues a mission of providing a legal education that is accessible, affordable, and inclusive; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law provides clinics that offer real-world ex-perience in a wide range of legal fields and pro bono counsel to members of the commu-nity; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law strives to produce students that are well-suited for the legal profession, resulting in 99 percent of students of the College of Law completing degrees and 92 percent of students of the College of Law passing the bar exam on the first attempt; 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law ranks in the top 15 law schools in the United States for graduates in full-time, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.048 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8887 December 18, 2015 
long-term jobs that require passage of the 
bar exam; and 
Whereas the University of Iowa College of 
Law has produced hundreds of notable alum-ni that have contributed to the legal commu-nity in the State of Iowa and the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the University of Iowa 
College of Law for 150 years of outstanding service to the State of Iowa, the United States, and the world; and 
(2) requests that the Secretary of the Sen-
ate transmit a copy of this resolution to the Dean of the College of Law and the President of the University of Iowa. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 340—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS THAT THE SO-CALLED IS-
LAMIC STATE IN IRAQ AND AL- SHAM (ISIS OR DA’ESH) IS COM-MITTING GENOCIDE, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND WAR CRIMES, AND CALLING UPON THE PRESIDENT TO WORK WITH FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS AND THE UNITED NATIONS TO PRO-VIDE PHYSICAL PROTECTION FOR ISIS’ TARGETS, TO SUP-PORT THE CREATION OF AN INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL TRI-BUNAL WITH JURISDICTION TO PUNISH THESE CRIMES, AND TO USE EVERY REASONABLE MEANS, INCLUDING SANCTIONS, TO DESTROY ISIS AND DISRUPT ITS SUPPORT NETWORKS 
Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. K IRK, and Mr. 
WICKER ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 340 
Whereas communities of Assyrian 
Chaldean Syriac, Armenian, Evangelical, and Melkite Christians; Kurds; Yezidis; Shia and Sunni Muslims; Turkmen; Sabea- Mandeans; Kaka‘e; and Shabaks have been an integral part of the cultural fabric of the Middle East for millennia; 
Whereas Article I of the United Nations 
Convention on the Prevention and Punish-ment of the Crime of Genocide, signed at Paris December 9, 1948 (in this resolution re-ferred to as the ‘‘Convention’’) states that ‘‘the contracting parties confirm that geno-cide, whether committed in time of peace or in time of war, is a crime under inter-national law which they undertake to pre-vent and punish’’; 
Whereas Article II of the Convention de-
clares, ‘‘In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed with the intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such: (a) Killing members of the group; (b) Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group; (c) Delib-erately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical de-struction in whole or in part; (d) Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group; (e) Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group.’’; 
Whereas Article III of the Convention af-
firms, ‘‘The following acts shall be punish-able: (a) Genocide; (b) Conspiracy to commit genocide; (c) Direct and public incitement to commit genocide; (d) Attempt to commit genocide; (e) Complicity in genocide.’’; 
Whereas section 1091 of title 18, United 
States Code, declares that ‘‘genocide’’ occurs when any person ‘‘whether in time of peace 
or in time of war and with the specific intent to destroy, in whole or in substantial part, a national, ethnic, racial, or religious group as such (1) kills members of that group; (2) causes serious bodily injury to members of that group; (3) causes the permanent impair-ment of the mental faculties of members of the group through drugs, torture, or similar techniques; (4) subjects the group to condi-tions of life that are intended to cause the physical destruction of the group in whole or in part; (5) imposes measures intended to prevent births within the group; or (6) trans-fers by force children of the group to another group’’; 
Whereas subsection (c) of section 2441 of 
title 18, United States Code, defines a ‘‘war crime’’ as conduct ‘‘(1) defined as a grave breach in any of the international conven-tions signed at Geneva 12 August 1949, or any 
protocol to such convention to which the United States is a party; (2) prohibited by Article 23 , 25, 27, or 28 of the Annex to the Hague Convention IV, Respecting the Laws and Customs of War on Land, signed 18 Octo-ber 1907; (3) which constitutes a grave breach of common Article 3 [defined in subsection (d) of such section as torture, cruel or inhu-man treatment, performing biological ex-periments, murder, mutilation or maiming, intentionally causing serious bodily injury, rape, sexual assault or abuse, or taking hos-tages] when committed in the context of and in association with an armed conflict not of an international character; or (4) of a person who, in relation to an armed conflict and contrary to the provisions of the Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices as amended at Geneva on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II as amended on 3 May 1996), when the United States is a party to such Protocol, willfully kills or causes serious injury to ci-vilians’’; 
Whereas the United States has ratified the 
United Nations Convention Against Transnational Organized Crime of 2000, and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United Na-tions Convention against Transnational Or-ganized Crime, which defines ‘‘trafficking in persons’’ to mean ‘‘the recruitment, trans-portation, transfer, harbouring or receipt of persons, by means of the threat or use of force or other forms of coercion, of abduc-tion, of fraud, of deception, of the abuse of power or of a position of vulnerability or of the giving or receiving of payments or bene-fits to achieve the consent of a person having control over another person, for the purpose of exploitation’’ and defines exploitation as including, ‘‘at a minimum, the exploitation of the prostitution of others or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or serv-ices, slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude or the removal of organs’’; 
Whereas section 2331 of title 18, United 
States Code, defines ‘‘international ter-rorism activities’’ as ‘‘activities that (A) in-volve violent acts or acts dangerous to human life that are a violation of the crimi-nal laws of the United States or of any State, or that would be a criminal violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the United States or of any State; (B) appear to be intended (i) to intimidate or coerce a ci-vilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination, or kid-napping; and (C) occur primarily outside the territorial jurisdiction of the United States, or transcend national boundaries in terms of the means by which they are accomplished, the persons they appear intended to intimi-date or coerce, or the locale in which their 
perpetrators operate or seek asylum’’; 
Whereas section 2332b of title 18, United 
States Code, defines ‘‘terrorism transcending national boundaries’’ to include ‘‘(A) kill[ings], kidnap[ing]s, maim[ing]s, commit[ing] an assault resulting in serious bodily injury, or assaults with a dangerous weapon [of or on] any person within the United States; or (B) creat[ing] a substantial risk of serious bodily injury to any other person by destroying or damaging any struc-ture, conveyance, or other real or personal property within the United States or by at-tempting or conspiring to destroy or damage any structure, conveyance, or other real or personal property within the United States; in violation of the laws of any State, or the United States,’’; 
Whereas the President, with the assistance 
of the Secretary of State and the Ambas-sador at Large for War Crimes Issues, is obli-gated under section 2113(b) of the ADVANCE Democracy Act of 2007 (22 U.S.C. 8213(b)) to ‘‘collect information regarding incidents that may constitute crimes against human-ity, genocide, slavery, or other violations of international humanitarian law’’ and ‘‘shall consider what actions can be taken to ensure that any government of a country or the leaders or senior officials of such govern-ment who are responsible for crimes against humanity, genocide, slavery, or other viola-tions of international humanitarian law identified [pursuant to such collection of in-formation] are brought to account for such crimes in an appropriately constituted tri-bunal’’; 
Whereas Article I of the Convention and 
the law of nations confirm that government authorities are obligated to prevent and pun-ish acts constituting genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes; 
Whereas, on July 10, 2015, Pope Francis, 
Supreme Pontiff of the Catholic Church, de-clared that the pattern of crimes committed by ISIS and its affiliates against Christians are part of a ‘‘third world war, waged piece-meal, which we are now experiencing,’’ and that ‘‘a form of genocide is taking place, and it must end’’; 
Whereas the 2011 Presidential Study Direc-
tive on Mass Atrocities declares, ‘‘Pre-venting mass atrocities and genocide is a core national security interest and a core moral responsibility of the United States. . . [and that] our options are never limited to either sending in the military or standing by and doing nothing. . . The actions that can be taken are many—they range from eco-nomic to diplomatic interventions, and from 
non-combat military actions to outright intervention.’’; 
Whereas, on August 7, 2014, President 
Barak Obama authorized military action to stop ISIS’ advance in northern Iraq, and ‘‘to prevent a potential act of genocide’’ against Yazidis stranded on Mount Sinjar; 
Whereas, on August 7, 2014, Secretary of 
State John Kerry, stated that ISIS’ ‘‘cam-paign of terror against the innocent, includ-ing Yezedi and Christian minorities, and its grotesque and targeted acts of violence bear all the warning signs and hallmarks of geno-cide’’; 
Whereas, on March 27, 2015, the Office of 
the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights reported that its mission to Iraq had ‘‘gathered reliable information about acts of violence perpetrated against ci-vilians because of their affiliation or per-ceived affiliation to an ethnic or religious group,’’ that the ‘‘[e]thnic and religious groups targeted by ISIL include Yezidis, Christians, Turkmen, Sabea-Mandeans, Kaka’e, Kurds and Shia,’’ and stated, ‘‘It is reasonable to conclude, in the light of the in-formation gathered overall, that some of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.055 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8888 December 18, 2015 
those incidents may constitute genocide. 
Other incidents may amount to crimes against humanity or war crimes.’’; 
Whereas the United States Commission on 
International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) has ‘‘called on the U.S. government to des-ignate the Christian, Yazidi, Shi’a, Turkmen, and Shabak communities of Iraq and Syria as victims of genocide by ISIL’’ and USCIRF Chairman Robert P. George has observed that ‘‘ISIL’s intent to destroy reli-gious groups that do not subscribe to its ex-tremist ideology in the areas of Iraq and Syria that it controls, or seeks to control, is evident in, not only its barbarous acts, but also its own propaganda’’; and 
Whereas members of the International As-
sociation of Genocide Scholars, in their Ap-peal to Congress of September 9, 2015, stated, ‘‘ISIS’s mass murders of Chaldean, Assyrian, Melkite Greek, and Coptic Christians, Yazidis, Shi’a Muslims, Sunni Kurds and other religious groups meet even the strict-est definition of genocide.’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) finds that ISIS, its affiliated organiza-
tions, and supporters are parts of an expand-ing, worldwide criminal network, the mem-bers of which have pledged allegiance to its leaders, support its actions, act in concert with them, claim credit for targeted killings, and are ‘‘fully aware that [their] participa-tion’’ and support will ‘‘assist [in] the com-mission’’ of its crimes; 
(2) finds that ISIS and its affiliated organi-
zations maintain sophisticated publishing and social media networks that seek to at-tract others to join their efforts and seek to incite the murder of Christians, Shia and Sunni Muslims, Jews, and any religious be-lievers who refuse to convert to their Wahhabi-Salafist jihadist ideology; 
(3) declares that ISIS and its leaders 
should be charged with genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes; 
(4) calls upon on the Attorney General to 
investigate and prosecute any United States citizens or residents alleged to be perpetra-tors of or complicit in these crimes and to report back to Congress regarding what steps are being taken to investigate and prosecute those involved; 
(5) calls upon the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to investigate and sanction any person, organization, business, or financial institu-tion alleged to be perpetrators of or complicit in these crimes, and to report back to Congress regarding what additional au-thority, if any, is needed to disrupt ISIS fi-nancial support networks; 
(6) calls upon the President to authorize 
the Secretary of State, the Under Secretary of State for Democracy and Global Affairs, and the Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues to cooperate in the collection of foren-sic evidence of crimes against humanity, genocide, war crimes, slavery, or other viola-tions of international humanitarian law; 
(7) calls on the President, the Secretary of 
State, and the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, work-ing through the United Nations Security Council and its member states as appro-priate, to accelerate the implementation of an immediate, coordinated, and sustained re-sponse to provide humanitarian assistance, protect civilians, build resilience, and help reestablish livelihoods for displaced and per-secuted persons in their communities of ori-gin; 
(8) calls upon the contracting parties to 
the United Nations Convention on the Pre-vention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, signed at Paris December 9, 1948, and other international agreements forbid-ding war crimes and crimes against human-ity, to join with the United States in an ef-fort to investigate, arrest, and prosecute in-
dividual and organizational perpetrators re-sponsible for these crimes; 
(9) calls upon the United Nations Sec-
retary-General to urge all United Nations member states to cooperate in an inter-national effort to investigate, try, and pros-ecute all cases in which prosecutors can prove that the accused have committed crimes against humanity, war crimes, and genocide; 
(10) makes an urgent appeal to the Co-
operation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf to collaborate on the establishment and operation of domestic, regional, and hybrid international tribunals with jurisdiction to punish the individuals and organizations re-sponsible for or complicit in actions that constitute war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide; and 
(11) commends the Governments of the 
Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon, Turkey, and every other country sheltering and protecting individuals fleeing the vio-lence of ISIS. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 341—DESIG-
NATING JANUARY 2016 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL CARBON MONOXIDE POI-SONING AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. SCHUMER (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 341 
Whereas carbon monoxide is an odorless, 
colorless gas that is produced whenever any fuel, such as natural gas, propane, gasoline, oil, kerosene, wood, or charcoal, is burned; 
Whereas devices that produce carbon mon-
oxide include cars, boats, gasoline engines, stoves, and heating systems, and carbon monoxide produced from these sources can build up in enclosed or semi-enclosed spaces; 
Whereas carbon monoxide is often referred 
to as the ‘‘silent killer’’ because it is color-less, odorless, tasteless, and nonirritating, and ignoring early stages of carbon mon-oxide poisoning may cause unconsciousness and continual exposure to danger; 
Whereas according to the Centers for Dis-
ease Control and Prevention, each year in the United States, carbon monoxide poi-soning kills more than 400 individuals and sends approximately 20,000 individuals to emergency rooms; 
Whereas when people breathe in carbon 
monoxide, the poisonous gas enters the bloodstream and prevents adequate intake of oxygen, which can damage tissues and result in death; 
Whereas individuals older than the age of 
65, given common preexisting medical condi-tions, are particularly vulnerable to carbon monoxide poisoning; 
Whereas for most individuals who suffer 
from carbon monoxide poisoning, the early signs of exposure to low concentrations of carbon monoxide include mild headaches and breathlessness after moderate exercise; 
Whereas sustained or increased exposure to 
carbon monoxide can lead to flu-like symp-toms, including severe headaches, dizziness, tiredness, nausea, confusion, irritability, and impaired judgment, memory, and coordina-tion; 
Whereas breathing in low concentrations 
of carbon monoxide can cause long-term health damage, even after exposure to the gas ends; 
Whereas most cases of carbon monoxide ex-
posure occur during the winter months of December, January, and February when oil and gas heaters are more heavily in use; Whereas on January 5, 1996, the Burt fam-
ily of Kimball, Minnesota, was poisoned by carbon monoxide from a malfunctioning fur-nace in the home of the Burt family, result-ing in— 
(1) the deaths of 15-month-old Zachary 
Todd Burt and 4-year-old Nicholas Todd Burt; and 
(2) the hospitalization of Ryan Todd Burt; 
Whereas Cheryl Burt, the mother of 
Zachary, Nicholas, and Ryan Burt, has worked to educate the public about the dan-gers of carbon monoxide poisoning, including by testifying in December 2009 before the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; 
Whereas Cheryl Burt has advocated for the 
Nicholas and Zachary Burt Memorial Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Prevention Act, which would establish a Federal grant program for State and tribal carbon monoxide poisoning prevention activities; 
Whereas on January 17, 2009, Amanda J. 
Hansen, a junior and member of the swim team at West Seneca West High School, in West Seneca, New York, passed away from carbon monoxide poisoning while sleeping near a faulty basement boiler during a sleepover party; 
Whereas Amanda J. Hansen loved Spanish, 
was a member of the Spanish Honor Society at West Seneca West High School, and want-ed to eventually teach Spanish; 
Whereas Amanda J. Hansen hoped to at-
tend college at the University of North Caro-lina; 
Whereas responding to tragedy, Ken and 
Kim Hansen established the Amanda Hansen Foundation to honor their daughter by rais-ing money for a scholarship fund and spread-ing awareness about the dangers of carbon monoxide and the importance of taking safe-ty measures, such as using carbon monoxide detectors in residences; 
Whereas the Amanda Hansen Foundation 
works with lawmakers and local commu-nities to educate the public on the dangers of carbon monoxide poisoning; 
Whereas the Amanda Hansen Foundation 
raises money to purchase carbon monoxide detectors for individuals who cannot afford the detectors and has given away 17,000 car-bon monoxide detectors; 
Whereas the Amanda Hansen Foundation 
and Ken and Kim Hansen through their work with the Foundation collaborate with other national organizations to ensure that carbon monoxide detectors are as ubiquitous as pos-sible; 
Whereas the Hansen family fought in 2010 
for the passage of ‘‘Amanda’s Law’’, a law that mandates the installation of carbon monoxide detectors in new and existing resi-dences with fuel-burning appliances and the replacement of carbon monoxide detectors every 5 years; 
Whereas the Amanda Hansen Foundation 
has paid to replace furnaces in the Buffalo, New York area with furnaces that are safer and more energy efficient; and 
Whereas in memory of their daughter, the 
Hansen family has worked tirelessly to make New York and the rest of the United States a safer place: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate designates Janu-
ary 2016 as ‘‘National Carbon Monoxide Poi-soning Awareness Month’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.056 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8889 December 18, 2015 
SENATE RESOLUTION 342—CON-
GRATULATING THE WOMEN’S VOLLEYBALL TEAM OF WHEEL-ING JESUIT UNIVERSITY ON WIN-NING THE DIVISION II NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 342 
Whereas on Saturday, December 12, 2015, 
the Wheeling Jesuit Cardinals won the Divi-sion II National Championship women’s volleyball trophy in 3 straight sets, defeating the Palm Beach Atlantic Sailfish of Tampa, Florida, by scores of— 
(1) 25 to 22; (2) 26 to 24; and (3) 26 to 24; 
Whereas Wheeling Jesuit Cardinals setter 
Andrea Thobe earned the Most Outstanding Player award; 
Whereas Wheeling Jesuit Cardinals 
volleyball players Jessica Thobe, Haley Kindall, and Kayce Krucki were recognized by being named to the All-Tournament team; 
Whereas head volleyball coach Christy 
Benner, assistant volleyball coach Matt Benner, and graduate assistant coach Allissa Ware brilliantly created successful game plans throughout the 2015 season; and 
Whereas all members of the Wheeling Jes-
uit Cardinals women’s volleyball team, in-cluding Abby Moffit, Alexa Brown, Sydney Obringer, Maddy Smyth, Allegra Shippy, Julie Henderson, Samantha Obringer, Maddy Kassen, Emily Blank, Katie Campbell, Emma Schluecher, and Lauren Graves suc-cessfully worked together to help deliver the first National Championship for Wheeling Jesuit University: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate congratulates 
the women’s volleyball team of Wheeling Jesuit University on winning the Division II National Championship. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2938. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. 
COONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
CARDIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2939. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C ORKER ) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2152, to 
establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, in-cluding renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to sup-port poverty reduction, promote develop-ment outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes. 
SA 2940. Mr. PERDUE (for Mrs. F
ISCHER ) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1115, to close out expired grants. 
SA 2941. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. T
HUNE ) pro-
posed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4188, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. 
SA 2942. Mr. PERDUE (for Ms. M
URKOWSKI  
(for herself, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. WHITEHOUSE , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. R EED)) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S . 1893, to reauthorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use dis-orders. 
SA 2943. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. L
EE) pro-
posed an amendment to the bill S. 1893, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2938. Mr. CARPER (for himself, 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. H EINRICH , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2029, making ap-propriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year 
ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In title III of division P, insert after sec-
tion 303 the following new section: 
SEC. 303A. EXTENSION OF ENERGY CREDIT FOR 
OTHER ENERGY PROPERTY. 
(a) Q UALIFIED FUELCELLPROPERTY .—Sec-
tion 48(c)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘for any pe-riod after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. 
(b) Q
UALIFIED MICROTURBINE PROPERTY .— 
Section 48(c)(2)(D) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. 
(c) C
OMBINED HEAT ANDPOWER SYSTEM  
PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(3)(A)(iv) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘which is placed in service before January 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. 
(d) Q
UALIFIED SMALL WINDENERGY PROP-
ERTY .—Section 48(c)(4)(C) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the con-struction of which does not begin before Jan-uary 1, 2022’’. 
(e) T
HERMAL ENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 
48(a)(3)(A)(vii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘periods ending’’ and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. 
(f) P
HASEOUT OF 30 P ERCENT CREDIT RATE 
FOR FUEL CELL AND SMALL WINDENERGY  
PROPERTY .—Subsection (a) of section 48 of 
such Code, as amended by this Act, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) P
HASEOUT FOR QUALIFIED FUEL CELL  
PROPERTY AND QUALIFIED SMALL WIND ENERGY  
PROPERTY .—In th case of qualified fuel cell 
property or qualified small wind energy property, the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022, the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to— 
‘‘(A) in the case of any property the con-
struction of which begins after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2021, 26 percent, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of any property the con-
struction of which begins after December 31, 2020, and before January 1, 2022, 22 percent.’’. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2939. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
CORKER ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 2152, to establish a comprehen-
sive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an ap-propriate mix of power solutions, in-cluding renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 3, line 21, strike ‘‘technologies; 
and’’ and insert ‘‘technologies;’’. 
On page 4, line 2, strike ‘‘energy.’’ and in-
sert the following: ‘‘energy; and 
(9) promote and increase the use of private 
financing and seek ways to remove barriers to private financing and assistance for projects, including through charitable orga-nizations. 
On page 10, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(12) A description of how United States in-
vestments to increase access to energy in sub-Saharan Africa may reduce the need for foreign aid and development assistance in the future. 
(13) A description of policies or regula-
tions, both domestically and internationally, that create barriers to private financing of the projects undertaken in this Act. 
(14) A description of the specific national 
security benefits to the United States that will be derived from increased energy access in sub-Saharan Africa. 
On page 13, between lines 8 and 9, insert 
the following: 
(c) P
ROMOTION OF USE OF PRIVATE FINANC -
ING AND ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out poli-
cies under this section, such institutions shall promote the use of private financing and assistance and seek ways to remove bar-riers to private financing for projects and programs under this Act, including through charitable organizations. 
On page 13, line 9, strike ‘‘(c)’’ and insert 
‘‘(d)’’. 
SA 2940. Mr. PERDUE (for Mrs. 
FISCHER ) proposed an amendment to 
the bill S. 1115, to close out expired grants; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grants Over-
sight and New Efficiency Act’’ or the ‘‘GONE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IDENTIFYING AND CLOSING OUT EXPIRED 
FEDERAL GRANT AWARDS. 
(a) E XPIRED FEDERAL GRANT AWARD RE-
PORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct the head of each agency, in coordination with the Secretary, to submit to Congress and the Secretary a report, not later than December 31 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, that— 
(A) lists each Federal grant award held by 
such agency; 
(B) provides the total number of Federal 
grant awards, including the number of grants— 
(i) by time period of expiration; (ii) with zero dollar balances; and (iii) with undisbursed balances; (C) for an agency with Federal grant 
awards, describes the challenges leading to delays in grant closeout; and 
(D) for the 30 oldest Federal grant awards 
of an agency, explains why each Federal grant award has not been closed out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.049 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8890 December 18, 2015 
(2) U SE OF DATA SYSTEMS .—An agency may 
use existing multiagency data systems in order to submit the report required under paragraph (1). 
(3) E
XPLANATION OF MISSING INFORMATION .— 
If the head of an agency is unable to submit all of the information required to be in-cluded in the report under paragraph (1), the report shall include an explanation of why the information was not available, including any shortcomings with and plans to improve existing grant systems, including data sys-tems. 
(b) N
OTICE FROMAGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the head of an agency sub-mits the report required under subsection (a), the head of such agency shall provide no-tice to the Secretary specifying whether the head of the agency has closed out grant awards associated with all of the Federal grant awards in the report and which Fed-
eral grant awards in the report have not been closed out. 
(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date on which all of the no-tices required pursuant to paragraph (1) have been provided or March 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year described in subsection (a)(1), whichever is sooner, the Secretary shall compile the notices sub-mitted pursuant to paragraph (1) and submit to Congress a report on such notices. 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date on which the head of an agency provides notice to Congress under subsection (b)(2), the Inspector Gen-eral of an agency with more than $500,000,000 in annual grant funding shall conduct a risk assessment to determine if an audit or re-view of the agency’s grant closeout process is warranted. 
(d) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVER-
SIGHT .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date on which the second report is submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(2), the Director of Office of Management and Budget, in con-sultation with the Secretary, shall submit to Congress a report on recommendations, if any, for legislation to improve account-ability and oversight in grants management, including the timely closeout of a Federal grant award. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) C
LOSEOUT .—The term ‘‘closeout’’ means 
a closeout of a Federal grant award con-ducted in accordance with part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, including sec-tions 200.16 and 200.343 of such title, or any successor thereto. 
(3) F
EDERAL GRANT AWARD .—The term 
‘‘Federal grant award’’ means a Federal grant award (as defined in section 200.38(a)(1) of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto), including a coopera-tive agreement, in an agency cash payment management system held by the United States Government for which— 
(A) the grant award period of performance, 
including any extensions, has been expired for more than 2 years; and 
(B) closeout has not yet occurred in ac-
cordance with section 200.343 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
SA 2941. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. 
THUNE ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill H.R. 4188, to authorize appropria-tions for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other pur-poses; as follows: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coast Guard 
Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 101. Authorizations. 
Sec. 102. Conforming amendments. 
TITLE II—COAST GUARD 
Sec. 201. Vice Commandant. 
Sec. 202. Vice admirals. Sec. 203. Coast Guard remission of indebted-
ness. 
Sec. 204. Acquisition reform. Sec. 205. Auxiliary jurisdiction. Sec. 206. Coast Guard communities. Sec. 207. Polar icebreakers. Sec. 208. Air facility closures. Sec. 209. Technical corrections to title 14, 
United States Code. 
Sec. 210. Discontinuance of an aid to naviga-
tion. 
Sec. 211. Mission performance measures. Sec. 212. Communications. Sec. 213. Coast Guard graduate maritime op-
erations education. 
Sec. 214. Professional development. Sec. 215. Senior enlisted member continu-
ation boards. 
Sec. 216. Coast Guard member pay. Sec. 217. Transfer of funds necessary to pro-
vide medical care. 
Sec. 218. Participation of the Coast Guard 
Academy in Federal, State, or other educational research grants. 
Sec. 219. National Coast Guard Museum. Sec. 220. Investigations. Sec. 221. Clarification of eligibility of mem-
bers of the Coast Guard for combat-related special com-pensation. 
Sec. 222. Leave policies for the Coast Guard. 
TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION 
Sec. 301. Survival craft. 
Sec. 302. Vessel replacement. Sec. 303. Model years for recreational ves-
sels. 
Sec. 304. Merchant mariner credential expi-
ration harmonization. 
Sec. 305. Safety zones for permitted marine 
events. 
Sec. 306. Technical corrections. Sec. 307. Recommendations for improve-
ments of marine casualty re-porting. 
Sec. 308. Recreational vessel engine weights. Sec. 309. Merchant mariner medical certifi-
cation reform. 
Sec. 310. Atlantic Coast port access route 
study. 
Sec. 311. Certificates of documentation for 
recreational vessels. 
Sec. 312. Program guidelines. Sec. 313. Repeals. Sec. 314. Maritime drug law enforcement. Sec. 315. Examinations for merchant mar-
iner credentials. 
Sec. 316. Higher volume port area regulatory 
definition change. 
Sec. 317. Recognition of port security assess-
ments conducted by other enti-ties. 
Sec. 318. Fishing vessel and fish tender ves-
sel certification. 
Sec. 319. Interagency Coordinating Com-
mittee on Oil Pollution Re-search. 
Sec. 320. International port and facility in-
spection coordination. TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME 
COMMISSION 
Sec. 401. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 402. Duties of the Chairman. Sec. 403. Prohibition on awards. 
TITLE V—CONVEYANCES 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous Conveyances 
Sec. 501. Conveyance of Coast Guard prop-
erty in Point Reyes Station, California. 
Sec. 502. Conveyance of Coast Guard prop-
erty in Tok, Alaska. 
Subtitle B—Pribilof Islands 
Sec. 521. Short title. 
Sec. 522. Transfer and disposition of prop-
erty. 
Sec. 523. Notice of certification. Sec. 524. Redundant capability. 
Subtitle C—Conveyance of Coast Guard 
Property at Point Spencer, Alaska 
Sec. 531. Findings. 
Sec. 532. Definitions. Sec. 533. Authority to convey land in Point 
Spencer. 
Sec. 534. Environmental compliance, liabil-
ity, and monitoring. 
Sec. 535. Easements and access. Sec. 536. Relationship to Public Land Order 
2650. 
Sec. 537. Archeological and cultural re-
sources. 
Sec. 538. Maps and legal descriptions. Sec. 539. Chargeability for land conveyed. Sec. 540. Redundant capability. Sec. 541. Port Coordination Council for 
Point Spencer. 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
Sec. 601. Modification of reports. 
Sec. 602. Safe vessel operation in the Great 
Lakes. 
Sec. 603. Use of vessel sale proceeds. Sec. 604. National Academy of Sciences cost 
assessment. 
Sec. 605. Penalty wages. Sec. 606. Recourse for noncitizens. Sec. 607. Coastwise endorsements. Sec. 608. International Ice Patrol. Sec. 609. Assessment of oil spill response and 
cleanup activities in the Great Lakes. 
Sec. 610. Report on status of technology de-
tecting passengers who have fallen overboard. 
Sec. 611. Venue. Sec. 612. Disposition of infrastructure re-
lated to e-loran. 
Sec. 613. Parking. Sec. 614. Inapplicability of load line require-
ments to certain United States vessels traveling in the Gulf of Mexico. 
TITLE I—AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 14, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART III—COAST GUARD AUTHORIZA-
TIONS AND REPORTS TO CONGRESS 
‘‘Chap. Sec. 
‘‘27. Authorizations ............................ 2701 
‘‘29. Reports ....................................... 2901. 
‘‘CHAPTER 27—AUTHORIZATIONS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2702. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
and training. 
‘‘§ 2702. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘Funds are authorized to be appropriated 
for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for nec-essary expenses of the Coast Guard as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of 
the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.052 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8891 December 18, 2015 
‘‘(A) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2016; and 
‘‘(B) $6,981,036,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-
ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— 
‘‘(A) $1,945,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $1,945,000,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services— 
‘‘(A) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $140,016,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title— 
‘‘(A) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $16,701,000 for fiscal year 2017. ‘‘(5) To the Commandant of the Coast 
Guard for research, development, test, and evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard’s mis-sion with respect to search and rescue, aids to navigation, marine safety, marine envi-ronmental protection, enforcement of laws and treaties, ice operations, oceanographic research, and defense readiness, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment— 
‘‘(A) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(B) $19,890,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘§ 2704. Authorized levels of military strength 
and training 
‘‘(a) A
CTIVE DUTY STRENGTH .—The Coast 
Guard is authorized an end-of-year strength for active duty personnel of 43,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
‘‘(b) M
ILITARY TRAINING STUDENT LOADS .— 
The Coast Guard is authorized average mili-tary training student loads for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 as follows: 
‘‘(1) For recruit and special training, 2,500 
student years. 
‘‘(2) For flight training, 165 student years. ‘‘(3) For professional training in military 
and civilian institutions, 350 student years. 
‘‘(4) For officer acquisition, 1,200 student 
years. 
‘‘CHAPTER 29—REPORTS 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘2904. Manpower requirements plan. 
‘‘§ 2904. Manpower requirements plan 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—On the date on which 
the President submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2017 under section 1105 of title 31, on the date on which the Presi-dent submits to the Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section, and every 4 years thereafter, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a manpower requirements plan. 
‘‘(b) S
COPE.—A manpower requirements 
plan submitted under subsection (a) shall in-clude for each mission of the Coast Guard— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of all projected mission 
requirements for the upcoming fiscal year and for each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(2) the number of active duty, reserve, 
and civilian personnel assigned or available to fulfill such mission requirements— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; 
‘‘(3) the number of active duty, reserve, 
and civilian personnel required to fulfill such mission requirements— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; ‘‘(4) an identification of any capability 
gaps between mission requirements and mis-sion performance caused by deficiencies in the numbers of personnel available— 
‘‘(A) currently; and ‘‘(B) as projected for the upcoming fiscal 
year and each of the 3 fiscal years thereafter; and 
‘‘(5) an identification of the actions the 
Commandant will take to address capability gaps identified under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION .—In composing a man-
power requirements plan for submission under subsection (a), the Commandant shall consider— 
‘‘(1) the marine safety strategy required 
under section 2116 of title 46; 
‘‘(2) information on the adequacy of the ac-
quisition workforce included in the most re-cent report under section 2903 of this title; and 
‘‘(3) any other Federal strategic planning 
effort the Commandant considers appro-priate.’’. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PRIOR AUTHORIZATION  
OFAPPROPRIATIONS .—Section 662 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating such section as section 
2701; 
(2) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2702 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and 
(3) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) For the operation and maintenance of 
the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for. 
‘‘(2) For the acquisition, construction, ren-
ovation, and improvement of aids to naviga-tion, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto, and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and oper-ation of facilities and equipment. 
‘‘(3) For the Coast Guard Reserve program, 
including operations and maintenance of the program, personnel and training costs, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(4) For the environmental compliance and 
restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of this title. 
‘‘(5) For research, development, test, and 
evaluation of technologies, materials, and human factors directly related to improving the performance of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(6) For alteration or removal of bridges 
over navigable waters of the United States constituting obstructions to navigation, and for personnel and administrative costs asso-ciated with the Alteration of Bridges Pro-gram.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF PERSONNEL END 
STRENGTHS .—Section 661 of title 14, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating such section as section 
2703; and 
(2) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2704 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section). 
(d) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) T RANSMISSION OF ANNUAL COAST GUARD  
AUTHORIZATION REQUEST .—Section 662a of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2901; 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
before section 2904 of such title (as added by subsection (a) of this section); and 
(C) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘described 
in section 661’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2703’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘described 
in section 662’’ and inserting ‘‘described in section 2701’’. 
(2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—Section 663 
of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2902; and (B) by transferring such section to appear 
after section 2901 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (1) of this subsection). 
(3) M
AJOR ACQUISITIONS .—Section 569a of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating such section as sec-
tion 2903; 
(B) by transferring such section to appear 
after section 2902 of such title (as so redesig-nated and transferred by paragraph (2) of this subsection); and 
(C) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘of this 
subchapter’’. 
(e) I
CEBREAKERS .— 
(1) I CEBREAKING ON THE GREAT LAKES .—For 
fiscal years 2016 and 2017, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may use funds made available pursuant to section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code (as added by sub-section (a) of this section) for the selection of a design for and the construction of an icebreaker that is capable of buoy tending to enhance icebreaking capacity on the Great Lakes. 
(2) P
OLAR ICEBREAKING .—Of the amounts 
authorized to be appropriated under section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), there is author-ized to be appropriated to the Coast Guard $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 for preacquisition activi-ties for a new polar icebreaker, including ini-tial specification development and feasi-bility studies. 
(f) A
DDITIONAL SUBMISSIONS .—The Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— 
(1) each plan required under section 2904 of 
title 14, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a) of this section; 
(2) each plan required under section 2903(e) 
of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 206 of this Act; 
(3) each plan required under section 2902 of 
title 14, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section; and 
(4) each mission need statement required 
under section 569 of title 14, United States Code. 
SEC. 102. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A NALYSIS FOR TITLE 14.—The analysis 
for title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to part II the following: 
‘‘III. Coast Guard Authorizations and 
Reports to Congress ..................... 2701’’. 
(b) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 15.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 15 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 569a. 
(c) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 17.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relat-ing to sections 661, 662, 662a, and 663. 
(d) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 27.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 27 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting— 
(1) before the item relating to section 2702 
the following: 
‘‘2701. Requirement for prior authorization of 
appropriations.’’; 
and 
(2) before the item relating to section 2704 
the following: 
‘‘2703. Authorization of personnel end 
strengths.’’. 
(e) A
NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 29.—The anal-
ysis for chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is amended by inserting before the item re-lating to section 2904 the following: 
‘‘2901. Transmission of annual Coast Guard 
authorization request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8892 December 18, 2015 
‘‘2902. Capital investment plan. 
‘‘2903. Major acquisitions.’’. 
(f) M ISSION NEED STATEMENT .—Section 
569(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘in section 
569a(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘in section 2903’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘under sec-
tion 663(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 2902(a)(1)’’. 
TITLE II—COAST GUARD 
SEC. 201. VICE COMMANDANT. 
(a) G RADES AND RATINGS .—Section 41 of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘an admiral,’’ and inserting ‘‘admi-rals (two);’’. 
(b) V
ICECOMMANDANT ; APPOINTMENT .—Sec-
tion 47 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘vice admiral’’ and in-serting ‘‘admiral’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 51 of 
title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’ each place it ap-pears; and 
(3) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘admiral 
or’’ before ‘‘vice admiral,’’. 
SEC. 202. VICE ADMIRALS. 
Section 50 of title 14, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) The President may— 
‘‘(A) designate, within the Coast Guard, no 
more than five positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving— 
‘‘(i) shall have the grade of vice admiral, 
with the pay and allowances of that grade; and 
‘‘(ii) shall perform such duties as the Com-
mandant may prescribe, except that if the President designates five such positions, one position shall be the Chief of Staff of the Coast Guard; and 
‘‘(B) designate, within the executive 
branch, other than within the Coast Guard or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, positions of importance and responsibility that shall be held by officers who, while so serving, shall have the grade of vice admiral, with the pay and allowances of that grade.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A) by striking ‘‘under 
paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘under para-graph (1)(A)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) at the discretion of the Secretary, 
while awaiting orders after being relieved from the position, beginning on the day the officer is relieved from the position, but not for more than 60 days; and’’. 
SEC. 203. COAST GUARD REMISSION OF INDEBT-
EDNESS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO REMIT IN-
DEBTEDNESS .—Section 461 of title 14, United 
States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 461. Remission of indebtedness 
‘‘The Secretary may have remitted or can-
celled any part of a person’s indebtedness to the United States or any instrumentality of the United States if— 
‘‘(1) the indebtedness was incurred while 
the person served on active duty as a mem-ber of the Coast Guard; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that remit-
ting or cancelling the indebtedness is in the best interest of the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 13 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 461 and inserting the following: 
‘‘461. Remission of indebtedness.’’. 
SEC. 204. ACQUISITION REFORM. 
(a) M INIMUM PERFORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
Section 572(d)(3) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) 
through (H) as subparagraphs (E) through (J), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) the performance data to be used to de-
termine whether the key performance pa-rameters have been resolved;’’; and 
(4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as 
redesignated by paragraph (2) of this sub-section, the following: 
‘‘(D) the results during test and evaluation 
that will be required to demonstrate that a capability, asset, or subsystem meets per-formance requirements;’’. 
(b) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN.—Section 
2902 of title 14, United States Code, as redes-ignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘com-
pletion;’’ and inserting ‘‘completion based on the proposed appropriations included in the budget;’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘at 
the projected funding levels;’’ and inserting ‘‘based on the proposed appropriations in-cluded in the budget;’’; and 
(2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c), and inserting after subsection (a) the following: 
‘‘(b) N
EWCAPITAL ASSETS .—In the fiscal 
year following each fiscal year for which ap-propriations are enacted for a new capital asset, the report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— 
‘‘(1) an estimated life-cycle cost estimate 
for the new capital asset; 
‘‘(2) an assessment of the impact the new 
capital asset will have on— 
‘‘(A) delivery dates for each capital asset; ‘‘(B) estimated completion dates for each 
capital asset; 
‘‘(C) the total estimated cost to complete 
each capital asset; and 
‘‘(D) other planned construction or im-
provement projects; and 
‘‘(3) recommended funding levels for each 
capital asset necessary to meet the esti-mated completion dates and total estimated costs included in the such asset’s approved acquisition program baseline.’’; and 
(3) by amending subsection (c), as so redes-
ignated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘unfunded priority’ means a 
program or mission requirement that— 
‘‘(A) has not been selected for funding in 
the applicable proposed budget; 
‘‘(B) is necessary to fulfill a requirement 
associated with an operational need; and 
‘‘(C) the Commandant would have rec-
ommended for inclusion in the applicable proposed budget had additional resources been available or had the requirement emerged before the budget was submitted; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘new capital asset’ means— ‘‘(A) an acquisition program that does not 
have an approved acquisition program base-line; or 
‘‘(B) the acquisition of a capital asset in 
excess of the number included in the ap-proved acquisition program baseline.’’. 
(c) D
AYSAWAYFROMHOMEPORT .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast 
Guard shall— 
(1) implement a standard for tracking oper-
ational days at sea for Coast Guard cutters that does not include days during which such cutters are undergoing maintenance or re-pair; and 
(2) notify the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the standard implemented under paragraph (1). 
(d) F
IXED WINGAIRCRAFT FLEET MIXANAL-
YSIS.—Not later than September 30, 2016, the 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a revised fleet mix analysis of Coast Guard fixed wing aircraft. 
(e) L
ONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS  
PLAN.—Section 2903 of title 14, United States 
Code, as redesignated and otherwise amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (g); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) L
ONG-TERM MAJOR ACQUISITIONS  
PLAN.—Each report under subsection (a) 
shall include a plan that describes for the up-
coming fiscal year, and for each of the 20 fis-cal years thereafter— 
‘‘(1) the numbers and types of cutters and 
aircraft to be decommissioned; 
‘‘(2) the numbers and types of cutters and 
aircraft to be acquired to— 
‘‘(A) replace the cutters and aircraft iden-
tified under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) address an identified capability gap; 
and 
‘‘(3) the estimated level of funding in each 
fiscal year required to— 
‘‘(A) acquire the cutters and aircraft iden-
tified under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) acquire related command, control, 
communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems; and 
‘‘(C) acquire, construct, or renovate shore-
side infrastructure. 
‘‘(f) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES ON RISKS OF PRO-
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days 
after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the committees of Congress specified in subsection (a) an update setting forth a current assessment of the risks associated with all current major acquisition programs. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each update under this 
subsection shall set forth, for each current major acquisition program, the following: 
‘‘(A) The top five current risks to such pro-
gram. 
‘‘(B) Any failure of such program to dem-
onstrate a key performance parameter or threshold during operational test and eval-uation conducted during the fiscal year quar-ter preceding such update. 
‘‘(C) Whether there has been any decision 
during such fiscal year quarter to order full- rate production before all key performance parameters or thresholds are met. 
‘‘(D) Whether there has been any breach of 
major acquisition program cost (as defined by the Major Systems Acquisition Manual) during such fiscal year quarter. 
‘‘(E) Whether there has been any breach of 
major acquisition program schedule (as so defined) during such fiscal year quarter.’’. 
SEC. 205. AUXILIARY JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 822 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The purpose’’ and inserting 
the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8893 December 18, 2015 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) L IMITATION .—The Auxiliary may con-
duct a patrol of a waterway, or a portion thereof, only if— 
‘‘(1) the Commandant has determined such 
waterway, or portion thereof, is navigable for purposes of the jurisdiction of the Coast Guard; or 
‘‘(2) a State or other proper authority has 
requested such patrol pursuant to section 141 of this title or section 13109 of title 46.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard shall— 
(1) review the waterways patrolled by the 
Coast Guard Auxiliary in the most recently completed fiscal year to determine whether such waterways are eligible or ineligible for patrol under section 822(b) of title 14, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)); and 
(2) not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a written notification of— 
(A) any waterways determined ineligible 
for patrol under paragraph (1); and 
(B) the actions taken by the Commandant 
to ensure Auxiliary patrols do not occur on such waterways. 
SEC. 206. COAST GUARD COMMUNITIES. 
Section 409 of the Coast Guard Authoriza-
tion Act of 1998 (14 U.S.C. 639 note) is amend-ed in the second sentence by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’. 
SEC. 207. POLAR ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) I NCREMENTAL FUNDING AUTHORITY FOR  
POLAR ICEBREAKERS .—In fiscal year 2016 and 
each fiscal year thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard may enter into a contract or contracts for the acquisition of polar ice-breakers and associated equipment using in-cremental funding. 
(b) ‘‘P
OLAR SEA’’ M ATERIEL CONDITION AS-
SESSMENT AND SERVICE LIFEEXTENSION .— 
Section 222 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 213; 126 Stat. 1560) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall— 
‘‘(1) complete a materiel condition assess-
ment with respect to the Polar Sea ; 
‘‘(2) make a determination of whether it is 
cost effective to reactivate the Polar Sea 
compared with other options to provide icebreaking services as part of a strategy to maintain polar icebreaking services; and 
‘‘(3) submit to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— 
‘‘(A) the assessment required under para-
graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) written notification of the determina-
tion required under paragraph (2).’’; 
(2) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ 
and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (c); (4) by redesignating subsections (d) 
through (h) as subsections (c) through (g), re-spectively; 
(5) in subsection (c) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (4) of this section)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘based 
on the analysis required’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘anal-
ysis’’ and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘analysis’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘written notification’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(B)’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘that subsection’’; and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘under subsection (a)(5)’’; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘in the analysis submitted 
under this section’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(a)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘then’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘then’’; 
(iv) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(v) by striking subparagraph (B); and (6) in subsection (d) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (4) of this subsection) by striking ‘‘in subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘in sub-section (c)’’. 
SEC. 208. AIR FACILITY CLOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 676 the following: 
‘‘§ 676a. Air facility closures 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Coast Guard may 
not— 
‘‘(A) close a Coast Guard air facility that 
was in operation on November 30, 2014; or 
‘‘(B) retire, transfer, relocate, or deploy an 
aviation asset from an air facility described in subparagraph (A) for the purpose of clos-ing such facility. 
‘‘(2) S
UNSET .—Paragraph (1) shall have no 
force or effect beginning on the later of— 
‘‘(A) January 1, 2018; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Secretary sub-
mits to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, and to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, rotary wing strategic plans prepared in accordance with section 208(b) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) C
LOSURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning on January 1, 
2018, the Secretary may not close a Coast Guard air facility, except as specified by this section. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary may 
not propose closing or terminating oper-ations at a Coast Guard air facility unless the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(A) remaining search and rescue capabili-
ties maintain the safety of the maritime public in the area of the air facility; 
‘‘(B) regional or local prevailing weather 
and marine conditions, including water tem-peratures or unusual tide and current condi-tions, do not require continued operation of the air facility; and 
‘‘(C) Coast Guard search and rescue stand-
ards related to search and response times are met. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to 
closing an air facility, the Secretary shall provide opportunities for public comment, including the convening of public meetings in communities in the area of responsibility of the air facility with regard to the pro-posed closure or cessation of operations at the air facility. 
‘‘(4) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Prior to closure, 
cessation of operations, or any significant reduction in personnel and use of a Coast Guard air facility that is in operation on or after December 31, 2015, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) submit to the Congress a proposal for 
such closure, cessation, or reduction in oper-ations along with the budget of the Presi-dent submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31 for the fiscal year in which the action will be carried out; and ‘‘(B) not later than 7 days after the date a 
proposal for an air facility is submitted pur-suant to subparagraph (A), provide written notice of such proposal to each of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Each member of the House of Rep-
resentatives who represents a district in which the air facility is located. 
‘‘(ii) Each member of the Senate who rep-
resents a State in which the air facility is lo-cated. 
‘‘(iii) Each member of the House of Rep-
resentatives who represents a district in which assets of the air facility conduct search and rescue operations. 
‘‘(iv) Each member of the Senate who rep-
resents a State in which assets of the air fa-cility conduct search and rescue operations. 
‘‘(v) The Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(vi) The Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(vii) The Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate. 
‘‘(viii) The Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
‘‘(c) O
PERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary may implement any reasonable man-agement efficiencies within the air station and air facility network, such as modifying the operational posture of units or reallo-cating resources as necessary to ensure the safety of the maritime public nationwide.’’. 
(b) R
OTARY WINGSTRATEGIC PLANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-
partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating shall prepare the plans specified in paragraph (2) to adequately address contin-gencies arising from potential future avia-tion casualties or the planned or unplanned retirement of rotary wing airframes to avoid to the greatest extent practicable any sub-stantial gap or diminishment in Coast Guard operational capabilities. 
(2) R
OTARY WING STRATEGIC PLANS .— 
(A) R OTARY WING CONTINGENCY PLAN .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a contingency plan— 
(i) to address the planned or unplanned 
losses of rotary wing airframes; 
(ii) to reallocate resources as necessary to 
ensure the safety of the maritime public na-tionwide; and 
(iii) to ensure the operational posture of 
Coast Guard units. 
(B) R
OTARY WING REPLACEMENT CAPITAL IN -
VESTMENT PLAN .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall develop and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a capital investment plan for the ac-quisition of new rotary wing airframes to re-place the Coast Guard’s legacy helicopters and fulfil all existing mission requirements. 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The plan developed 
under this subparagraph shall provide— 
(I) a total estimated cost for completion; (II) a timetable for completion of the ac-
quisition project and phased in transition to new airframes; and 
(III) projected annual funding levels for 
each fiscal year. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) A NALYSIS FOR CHAPTER 17 .—The analysis 
for chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8894 December 18, 2015 
is amended by inserting after the item relat-
ing to section 676 the following: 
‘‘676a. Air facility closures.’’. 
(2) R EPEAL OF PROHIBITION .—Section 225 of 
the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 281; 128 Stat. 3022) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’. 
SEC. 209. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO TITLE 14, 
UNITED STATES CODE. 
Title 14, United States Code, as amended 
by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in the analysis for part I, by striking 
the item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the following: 
‘‘19. Environmental Compliance and 
Restoration Program ................... 690’’; 
(2) in section 46(a), by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; 
(3) in section 47, in the section heading by 
striking ‘‘ commandant ’’ and inserting ‘‘ Com-
mandant ’’; 
(4) in section 93(f), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Commandant may 
lease submerged lands and tidelands under paragraph (1) only if— 
‘‘(A) the lease is for cash exclusively; ‘‘(B) the lease amount is equal to the fair 
market value of the use of the leased sub-merged lands or tidelands for the period dur-ing which such lands are leased, as deter-mined by the Commandant; 
‘‘(C) the lease does not provide authority 
to or commit the Coast Guard to use or sup-port any improvements to such submerged lands and tidelands, or obtain goods and services from the lessee; and 
‘‘(D) proceeds from the lease are deposited 
in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687.’’; 
(5) in the analysis for chapter 9, by strik-
ing the item relating to section 199 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘199. Marine safety curriculum.’’; 
(6) in section 427(b)(2), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 61 of title 10’’; 
(7) in the analysis for chapter 15 before the 
item relating to section 571, by striking the following: 
‘‘Sec.’’; 
(8) in section 581(5)(B), by striking 
‘‘$300,000,0000,’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000,’’; 
(9) in section 637(c)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘it is’’ before ‘‘any’’; 
(10) in section 641(d)(3), by striking ‘‘Guard, 
installation’’ and inserting ‘‘Guard installa-tion’’; 
(11) in section 691(c)(3), by striking ‘‘state’’ 
and inserting ‘‘State’’; 
(12) in the analysis for chapter 21— (A) by striking the item relating to section 
709 and inserting the following: 
‘‘709. Reserve student aviation pilots; Re-
serve aviation pilots; appoint-ments in commissioned grade.’’; 
and 
(B) by striking the item relating to section 
740 and inserting the following: 
‘‘740. Failure of selection and removal from 
an active status.’’; 
(13) in section 742(c), by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections’’; 
(14) in section 821(b)(1), by striking ‘‘Chap-
ter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’; and 
(15) in section 823a(b)(1), by striking 
‘‘Chapter 26’’ and inserting ‘‘Chapter 171’’. 
SEC. 210. DISCONTINUANCE OF AN AID TO NAVI-
GATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process for the discontinuance of an aid to 
navigation (other than a seasonal or tem-porary aid) established, maintained, or oper-ated by the Coast Guard. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The process established 
under subsection (a) shall include procedures to notify the public of any discontinuance of an aid to navigation described in that sub-section. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In establishing a proc-
ess under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with and consider any recommenda-tions of the Navigation Safety Advisory Council. 
(d) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after establishing a process under subsection (a), the Secretary shall notify the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the process established. 
SEC. 211. MISSION PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the efficacy of the Coast Guard’s Standard Operational Planning Process with respect to annual mission performance measures. 
SEC. 212. COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary of Home-
land Security determines that there are at least two communications systems described under paragraph (1)(B) and certified under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall establish and carry out a pilot program across not less than three components of the Department of Homeland Security to assess the effective-ness of a communications system that— 
(1) provides for— (A) multiagency collaboration and inter-
operability; and 
(B) wide-area, secure, and peer-invitation- 
and-acceptance-based multimedia commu-nications; 
(2) is certified by the Department of De-
fense Joint Interoperability Test Center; and 
(3) is composed of commercially available, 
off-the-shelf technology. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date on which the pilot program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment of the pilot pro-gram, including the impacts of the program with respect to interagency and Coast Guard response capabilities. 
(c) S
TRATEGY .—The pilot program shall be 
consistent with the strategy required by the Department of Homeland Security Interoper-able Communications Act (Public Law 114– 29). 
(d) T
IMING .—The pilot program shall com-
mence within 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act or within 60 days after the completion of the strategy required by the Department of Homeland Security Inter-operable Communications Act (Public Law 114–29), whichever is later. 
SEC. 213. COAST GUARD GRADUATE MARITIME 
OPERATIONS EDUCATION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating shall establish an education pro-gram, for members and employees of the Coast Guard, that— (1) offers a master’s degree in maritime op-
erations; 
(2) is relevant to the professional develop-
ment of such members and employees; 
(3) provides resident and distant education 
options, including the ability to utilize both options; and 
(4) to the greatest extent practicable, is 
conducted using existing academic programs at an accredited public academic institution that— 
(A) is located near a significant number of 
Coast Guard, maritime, and other Depart-ment of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel; and 
(B) has an ability to simulate operations 
normally conducted at a command center. 
SEC. 214. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) M ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 428 the following: 
‘‘§ 429. Multirater assessment of certain per-
sonnel 
‘‘(a) M
ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT OF CERTAIN  
PERSONNEL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Commencing not later 
than one year after the date of the enact-ment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall develop and implement a plan to con-duct every two years a multirater assess-ment for each of the following: 
‘‘(A) Each flag officer of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(B) Each member of the Senior Executive 
Service of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(C) Each officer of the Coast Guard nomi-
nated for promotion to the grade of flag offi-cer. 
‘‘(2) P
OST-ASSESSMENT ELEMENTS .—Fol-
lowing an assessment of an individual pursu-ant to paragraph (1), the individual shall be provided appropriate post-assessment coun-seling and leadership coaching. 
‘‘(b) M
ULTIRATER ASSESSMENT DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘multirater assess-ment’ means a review that seeks opinion from members senior to the reviewee and the peers and subordinates of the reviewee.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item related to section 428 the following: 
‘‘429. Multirater assessment of certain per-
sonnel.’’. 
(b) T
RAINING COURSE ON WORKINGS OF CON-
GRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 60. Training course on workings of Con-
gress 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Com-mandant, in consultation with the Super-intendent of the Coast Guard Academy and such other individuals and organizations as the Commandant considers appropriate, shall develop a training course on the work-ings of the Congress and offer that training course at least once each year. 
‘‘(b) C
OURSE SUBJECT MATTER .—The train-
ing course required by this section shall pro-vide an overview and introduction to the Congress and the Federal legislative process, including— 
‘‘(1) the history and structure of the Con-
gress and the committee systems of the House of Representatives and the Senate, in-cluding the functions and responsibilities of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; 
‘‘(2) the documents produced by the Con-
gress, including bills, resolutions, committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8895 December 18, 2015 
reports, and conference reports, and the pur-
poses and functions of those documents; 
‘‘(3) the legislative processes and rules of 
the House of Representatives and the Senate, including similarities and differences be-tween the two processes and rules, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the congressional budget process; ‘‘(B) the congressional authorization and 
appropriation processes; 
‘‘(C) the Senate advice and consent process 
for Presidential nominees; 
‘‘(D) the Senate advice and consent process 
for treaty ratification; 
‘‘(4) the roles of Members of Congress and 
congressional staff in the legislative process; and 
‘‘(5) the concept and underlying purposes of 
congressional oversight within our govern-ance framework of separation of powers. 
‘‘(c) L
ECTURERS AND PANELISTS .— 
‘‘(1) O UTSIDE EXPERTS .—The Commandant 
shall ensure that not less than 60 percent of the lecturers, panelists, and other individ-uals providing education and instruction as part of the training course required by this section are experts on the Congress and the Federal legislative process who are not em-ployed by the executive branch of the Fed-eral Government. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT PRO BONO SERV -
ICES.—In satisfying the requirement under 
paragraph (1), the Commandant shall seek, and may accept, educational and instruc-tional services of lecturers, panelists, and other individuals and organizations provided to the Coast Guard on a pro bono basis. 
‘‘(d) C
OMPLETION OF REQUIRED TRAINING .— 
‘‘(1) C URRENT FLAG OFFICERS AND EMPLOY -
EES.—A Coast Guard flag officer appointed or 
assigned to a billet in the National Capital Region on the date of the enactment of this section, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee employed in the National Capital Region on the date of the enactment of this section, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section within 60 days after the date on which the Commandant completes the devel-opment of the training course. 
‘‘(2) N
EW FLAG OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .— 
A Coast Guard flag officer who is newly ap-pointed or assigned to a billet in the Na-tional Capital Region, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee who is newly employed in the National Capital Re-gion, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section not later than 60 days after reporting for duty.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘60. Training course on workings of Con-
gress.’’. 
(c) R
EPORT ON LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on Coast Guard leadership de-velopment. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include the 
following: 
(A) An assessment of the feasibility of— (i) all officers (other than officers covered 
by section 429(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this section) com-pleting a multirater assessment; 
(ii) all members (other than officers cov-
ered by such section) in command positions completing a multirater assessment; 
(iii) all enlisted members in a supervisory 
position completing a multirater assess-ment; and (iv) members completing periodic 
multirater assessments. 
(B) Such recommendations as the Com-
mandant considers appropriate for the im-plementation or expansion of a multirater assessment in the personnel development programs of the Coast Guard. 
(C) An overview of each of the current 
leadership development courses of the Coast Guard, an assessment of the feasibility of the expansion of any such course, and a descrip-tion of the resources, if any, required to ex-pand such courses. 
(D) An assessment on the state of leader-
ship training in the Coast Guard, and rec-ommendations on the implementation of a policy to prevent leadership that has adverse effects on subordinates, the organization, or mission performance, including— 
(i) a description of methods that will be 
used by the Coast Guard to identify, mon-itor, and counsel individuals whose leader-ship may have adverse effects on subordi-nates, the organization, or mission perform-ance; 
(ii) the implementation of leadership rec-
ognition training to recognize such leader-ship in one’s self and others; 
(iii) the establishment of procedures for 
the administrative separation of leaders whose leadership may have adverse effects on subordinates, the organization, or mission performance; and 
(iv) a description of the resources needed 
to implement this subsection. 
SEC. 215. SENIOR ENLISTED MEMBER CONTINU-
ATION BOARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 357 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a) through (h) 
and subsection (j); and 
(2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘(i)’’. 
(b) C ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) H EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of 
such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 357. Retirement of enlisted members: in-
crease in retired pay’’ 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of chapter 11 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
‘‘357. Retirement of enlisted members: in-
crease in retired pay.’’. 
SEC. 216. COAST GUARD MEMBER PAY. 
(a) A NNUAL AUDIT OF PAY AND ALLOWANCES  
OF MEMBERS UNDERGOING PERMANENT  
CHANGE OF STATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 13 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 519. Annual audit of pay and allowances of 
members undergoing permanent change of station 
‘‘The Commandant shall conduct each cal-
endar year an audit of member pay and al-lowances for the members who transferred to new units during such calendar year. The audit for a calendar year shall be completed by the end of the calendar year.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘519. Annual audit of pay and allowances of 
members undergoing perma-nent change of station.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on alternative methods for no-tifying members of the Coast Guard of their monthly earnings. The report shall include— (1) an assessment of the feasibility of pro-
viding members a monthly notification of their earnings, categorized by pay and allow-ance type; and 
(2) a description and assessment of mecha-
nisms that may be used to provide members with notification of their earnings, cat-egorized by pay and allowance type. 
SEC. 217. TRANSFER OF FUNDS NECESSARY TO 
PROVIDE MEDICAL CARE. 
(a) T RANSFER REQUIRED .—In lieu of the re-
imbursement required under section 1085 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall transfer to the Sec-retary of Defense an amount that represents the actuarial valuation of treatment or care— 
(1) that the Department of Defense shall 
provide to members of the Coast Guard, former members of the Coast Guard, and de-pendents of such members and former mem-bers (other than former members and de-pendents of former members who are a Medi-care-eligible beneficiary or for whom the payment for treatment or care is made from the Medicare-Eligible Retiree Health Care Fund) at facilities under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense or a military de-partment; and 
(2) for which a reimbursement would other-
wise be made under section 1085. 
(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount transferred 
under subsection (a) shall be— 
(1) in the case of treatment or care to be 
provided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts ap-propriated for the operating expenses of the Coast Guard; 
(2) in the case of treatment or care to be 
provided former members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, derived from amounts appropriated for retired pay; 
(3) determined under procedures estab-
lished by the Secretary of Defense; 
(4) transferred during the fiscal year in 
which treatment or care is provided; and 
(5) subject to adjustment or reconciliation 
as the Secretaries determine appropriate during or promptly after such fiscal year in cases in which the amount transferred is de-termined excessive or insufficient based on the services actually provided. 
(c) N
OTRANSFER WHENSERVICE IN NAVY.— 
No transfer shall be made under this section for any period during which the Coast Guard operates as a service in the Navy. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRICARE.—This sec-
tion shall not be construed to require a pay-ment for, or the transfer of an amount that represents the value of, treatment or care provided under any TRICARE program. 
SEC. 218. PARTICIPATION OF THE COAST GUARD 
ACADEMY IN FEDERAL, STATE, OR OTHER EDUCATIONAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
Section 196 of title 14, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—’’ before 
the first sentence; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) Q UALIFIED ORGANIZATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard may— 
‘‘(A) enter into a contract, cooperative 
agreement, lease, or licensing agreement with a qualified organization; 
‘‘(B) allow a qualified organization to use, 
at no cost, personal property of the Coast Guard; and 
‘‘(C) notwithstanding section 93, accept 
funds, supplies, and services from a qualified organization. 
‘‘(2) S
OLE-SOURCE BASIS .—Notwithstanding 
chapter 65 of title 31 and chapter 137 of title 10, the Commandant may enter into a con-tract or cooperative agreement under para-graph (1)(A) on a sole-source basis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8896 December 18, 2015 
‘‘(3) M AINTAINING FAIRNESS , OBJECTIVITY , 
AND INTEGRITY .—The Commandant shall en-
sure that contributions under this sub-section do not— 
‘‘(A) reflect unfavorably on the ability of 
the Coast Guard, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and ob-jective manner; or 
‘‘(B) compromise the integrity or appear-
ance of integrity of any program of the Coast Guard, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—For purposes of this sub-
section, employees or personnel of a quali-fied organization shall not be employees of the United States. 
‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED ORGANIZATION DEFINED .—In 
this subsection the term ‘qualified organiza-tion’ means an organization— 
‘‘(A) described under section 501(c)(3) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code; and 
‘‘(B) established by the Coast Guard Acad-
emy Alumni Association solely for the pur-pose of supporting academic research and ap-plying for and administering Federal, State, or other educational research grants on be-half of the Coast Guard Academy.’’. 
SEC. 219. NATIONAL COAST GUARD MUSEUM. 
Section 98(b) of title 14, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘any ap-
propriated Federal funds for’’ and insert ‘‘any funds appropriated to the Coast Guard on’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘arti-
facts.’’ and inserting ‘‘artifacts, including the design, fabrication, and installation of exhibits or displays in which such artifacts are included.’’. 
SEC. 220. INVESTIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 430. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-
ior Executive Service employees 
‘‘In conducting an investigation into an al-
legation of misconduct by a flag officer or member of the Senior Executive Service serving in the Coast Guard, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall— 
‘‘(1) conduct the investigation in a manner 
consistent with Department of Defense poli-cies for such an investigation; and 
‘‘(2) consult with the Inspector General of 
the Department of Defense.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item related to section 429 the following: 
‘‘430. Investigations of flag officers and Sen-
ior Executive Service employ-ees.’’. 
SEC. 221. CLARIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY OF 
MEMBERS OF THE COAST GUARD FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPECIAL COMPENSATION. 
(a) C ONSIDERATION OF ELIGIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department is which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue proce-dures and criteria to use in determining whether the disability of a member of the Coast Guard is a combat-related disability for purposes of the eligibility of such mem-ber for combat-related special compensation under section 1413a of title 10, United States Code. Such procedures and criteria shall in-clude the procedures and criteria prescribed by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to sub-section (e)(2) of such section. Such proce-dures and criteria shall apply in determining whether the disability of a member of the Coast Guard is a combat-related disability 
for purposes of determining the eligibility of such member for combat-related special compensation under such section. 
(2) D
ISABILITY FOR WHICH A DETERMINATION  
IS MADE .—For the purposes of this section, 
and in the case of a member of the Coast Guard, a disability under section 1413a(e)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, includes a disability incurred during avia-tion duty, diving duty, rescue swimmer or similar duty, and hazardous service duty on-board a small vessel (such as duty as a surfman)— 
(A) in the performance of duties for which 
special or incentive pay was paid pursuant to section 301, 301a, 304, 307, 334, or 351 of title 37, United States Code; 
(B) in the performance of duties related to 
a statutory mission of the Coast Guard under paragraph (1) or paragraph (2) of section 888(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 468(a)), including— 
(i) law enforcement, including drug or mi-
grant interdiction; 
(ii) defense readiness; or (iii) search and rescue; or (C) while engaged in a training exercise for 
the performance of a duty described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B). 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCEDURES AND CRI-
TERIA .—The procedures and criteria issued 
pursuant to subsection (a) shall apply to dis-abilities described in that subsection that are incurred on or after the effective date provided in section 636(a)(2) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 116 Stat. 2574; 10 U.S.C. 1413a note). 
(c) R
EAPPLICATION FOR COMPENSATION .— 
Any member of the Coast Guard who was de-nied combat-related special compensation under section 1413a of title 10, United States Code, during the period beginning on the ef-fective date specified in subsection (b) and ending on the date of the issuance of the pro-cedures and criteria required by subsection (a) may reapply for combat-related special compensation under such section on the basis of such procedures and criteria in ac-cordance with such procedures as the Sec-retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall specify. 
SEC. 222. LEAVE POLICIES FOR THE COAST 
GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, 
United States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 430 the following: 
‘‘§ 431. Leave policies for the Coast Guard 
‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the Secretary of the Navy promul-gates a new rule, policy, or memorandum pursuant to section 704 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to leave associated with the birth or adoption of a child, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall promulgate a similar rule, policy, or memorandum that provides leave to officers and enlisted mem-bers of the Coast Guard that is equal in dura-tion and compensation to that provided by the Secretary of the Navy.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item related to section 430 the following: 
‘‘431. Leave policies for the Coast Guard.’’. 
TITLE III—SHIPPING AND NAVIGATION 
SEC. 301. SURVIVAL CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3104 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 3104. Survival craft 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT TOEQUIP.—The Sec-
retary shall require that a passenger vessel be equipped with survival craft that ensures that no part of an individual is immersed in 
water, if— 
‘‘(1) such vessel is built or undergoes a 
major conversion after January 1, 2016; and 
‘‘(2) operates in cold waters as determined 
by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) H
IGHER STANDARD OF SAFETY .—The 
Secretary may revise part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect before January 1, 2016, if such revision provides a higher standard of safety than is provided by the regulations in effect on or before the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) I
NNOVATIVE AND NOVEL DESIGNS .—The 
Secretary may, in lieu of the requirements set out in part 117 or part 180 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, allow a passenger vessel to be equipped with a life-saving appli-ance or arrangement of an innovative or novel design that— 
‘‘(1) ensures no part of an individual is im-
mersed in water; and 
‘‘(2) provides an equal or higher standard of 
safety than is provided by such requirements as in effect before such date of the enact-ment. 
‘‘(d) B
UILT DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘built’ has the meaning that term has under section 4503(e).’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW ; REVISION OF REGULATIONS .— 
(1) R EVIEW .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a review of— 
(A) the number of casualties for individ-
uals with disabilities, children, and the el-derly as a result of immersion in water, re-ported to the Coast Guard over the preceding 30-year period, by vessel type and area of op-eration; 
(B) the risks to individuals with disabil-
ities, children, and the elderly as a result of immersion in water, by passenger vessel type and area of operation; 
(C) the effect that carriage of survival 
craft that ensure that no part of an indi-vidual is immersed in water has on— 
(i) passenger vessel safety, including sta-
bility and safe navigation; 
(ii) improving the survivability of individ-
uals, including individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(iii) the costs, the incremental cost dif-
ference to vessel operators, and the cost ef-fectiveness of requiring the carriage of such survival craft to address the risks to individ-uals with disabilities, children, and the el-derly; 
(D) the efficacy of alternative safety sys-
tems, devices, or measures in improving sur-vivability of individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; and 
(E) the number of small businesses and 
nonprofit vessel operators that would be af-fected by requiring the carriage of such sur-vival craft on passenger vessels to address the risks to individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly. 
(2) S
COPE.—In conducting the review under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary shall include an examination of passenger vessel casualties that have occurred in the waters of other na-tions. 
(3) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall update 
the review required under paragraph (1) every 5 years. 
(4) R
EVISION .—Based on the review con-
ducted under paragraph (1), including up-dates thereto, the Secretary shall revise reg-ulations concerning the carriage of survival 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8897 December 18, 2015 
craft under section 3104(c) of title 46, United 
States Code. 
(c) GAO S TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report to determine any ad-verse or positive changes in public safety after the implementation of the amendments and requirements under this section and sec-tion 3104 of title 46, United States Code. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In completing the re-
port under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall examine— 
(A) the number of casualties, by vessel 
type and area of operation, as the result of immersion in water reported to the Coast Guard for each of the 10 most recent fiscal years for which such data are available; 
(B) data for each fiscal year on— (i) vessel safety, including stability and 
safe navigation; and 
(ii) survivability of individuals, including 
individuals with disabilities, children, and the elderly; 
(C) the efficacy of alternative safety sys-
tems, devices, or measures; and 
(D) any available data on the costs of the 
amendments and requirements under this section and section 3104 of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 302. VESSEL REPLACEMENT. 
(a) L OANS AND GUARANTEES .—Chapter 537 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 53701— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (8) 
through (14) as paragraphs (9) through (15), respectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) H
ISTORICAL USES .—The term ‘histor-
ical uses’ includes— 
‘‘(A) refurbishing, repairing, rebuilding, or 
replacing equipment on a fishing vessel, without materially increasing harvesting ca-pacity; 
‘‘(B) purchasing a used fishing vessel; ‘‘(C) purchasing, constructing, expanding, 
or reconditioning a fishery facility; 
‘‘(D) refinancing existing debt; ‘‘(E) reducing fishing capacity; and ‘‘(F) making upgrades to a fishing vessel, 
including upgrades in technology, gear, or equipment, that improve— 
‘‘(i) collection and reporting of fishery-de-
pendent data; 
‘‘(ii) bycatch reduction or avoidance; ‘‘(iii) gear selectivity; ‘‘(iv) adverse impacts caused by fishing 
gear; or 
‘‘(v) safety.’’; and (2) in section 53702(b), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(3) M
INIMUM OBLIGATIONS AVAILABLE FOR  
HISTORIC USES .—Of the direct loan obliga-
tions issued by the Secretary under this chapter, the Secretary shall make a min-imum of $59,000,000 available each fiscal year for historic uses. 
‘‘(4) U
SE OF OBLIGATIONS IN LIMITED ACCESS  
FISHERIES .—In addition to the other eligible 
purposes and uses of direct loan obligations provided for in this chapter, the Secretary may issue direct loan obligations for the pur-pose of— 
‘‘(A) financing the construction or recon-
struction of a fishing vessel in a fishery man-aged under a limited access system; or 
‘‘(B) financing the purchase of harvesting 
rights in a fishery that is federally managed under a limited access system.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION TO CERTAIN  
FISHING VESSELS OF PROHIBITION UNDER VES-SEL CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM .—Section 
302(b)(2) of the Fisheries Financing Act (title III of Public Law 104–297; 46 U.S.C. 53706 note) is amended— 
(1) in the second sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or in’’ and inserting ‘‘, 
in’’; and 
(B) by inserting before the period the fol-
lowing: ‘‘, in fisheries that are under the ju-risdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council and managed under a fish-ery management plan issued under the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or in the Pacific whiting fishery that is under the jurisdiction of the Pacific Fishery Man-agement Council and managed under a fish-ery management plan issued under that Act’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Any fishing vessel operated in fisheries under the jurisdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), or in the Pacific whiting fishery under the jurisdiction of the Pacific Fishery Management Council and managed under a fishery management plan issued under that Act, and that is replaced by a vessel that is constructed or rebuilt with a loan or loan guarantee provided by the Federal Govern-ment may not be used to harvest fish in any fishery under the jurisdiction of any regional fishery management council, other than a fishery under the jurisdiction of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council or the Pacific Fishery Management Council.’’. 
SEC. 303. MODEL YEARS FOR RECREATIONAL 
VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4302 of title 46, 
United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e)(1) Under this section, a model year for 
recreational vessels and associated equip-ment shall, except as provided in paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) begin on June 1 of a year and end on 
July 31 of the following year; and 
‘‘(B) be designated by the year in which it 
ends. 
‘‘(2) Upon the request of a recreational ves-
sel manufacturer to which this chapter ap-plies, the Secretary may alter a model year for a model of recreational vessel of the manufacturer and associated equipment, by no more than 6 months from the model year described in paragraph (1).’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—This section shall only 
apply with respect to recreational vessels and associated equipment constructed or manufactured, respectively, on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. MERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL EX-
PIRATION HARMONIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c) and not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish a process to harmonize the expiration dates of merchant mariner credentials, mariner med-ical certificates, and radar observer endorse-ments for individuals applying to the Sec-retary for a new merchant mariner creden-tial or for renewal of an existing merchant mariner credential. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the process established under subsection (a)— 
(1) does not require an individual to renew 
a merchant mariner credential earlier than the date on which the individual’s current credential expires; and 
(2) results in harmonization of expiration 
dates for merchant mariner credentials, mar-iner medical certificates, and radar observer 
endorsements for all individuals by not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The process established 
under subsection (a) does not apply to indi-viduals— 
(1) holding a merchant mariner credential 
with— 
(A) an active Standards of Training, Cer-
tification, and Watchkeeping endorsement; or 
(B) Federal first-class pilot endorsement; 
or 
(2) who have been issued a time-restricted 
medical certificate. 
SEC. 305. SAFETY ZONES FOR PERMITTED MA-
RINE EVENTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall establish and implement a process to— 
(1) account for the number of safety zones 
established for permitted marine events; 
(2) differentiate whether the event sponsor 
who requested a permit for such an event is— 
(A) an individual; (B) an organization; or (C) a government entity; and (3) account for Coast Guard resources uti-
lized to enforce safety zones established for permitted marine events, including for— 
(A) the number of Coast Guard or Coast 
Guard Auxiliary vessels used; and 
(B) the number of Coast Guard or Coast 
Guard Auxiliary patrol hours required. 
SEC. 306. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 46.—Title 46, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in section 103, by striking ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 
151).’’ and inserting ‘‘(33 U.S.C. 151(b)).’’; 
(2) in section 2118— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘title,’’ and inserting ‘‘subtitle,’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘title’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subtitle’’; 
(3) in the analysis for chapter 35— (A) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 3507; and 
(B) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 3508; 
(4) in section 3715(a)(2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(5) in section 4506, by striking ‘‘(a)’’; (6) in section 8103(b)(1)(A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘Academy.’’ and inserting ‘‘Academy; and’’; 
(7) in section 11113(c)(1)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘under this Act’’; 
(8) in the analysis for chapter 701— (A) by adding a period at the end of the 
item relating to section 70107A; 
(B) in the item relating to section 70112, by 
striking ‘‘security advisory committees.’’ and inserting ‘‘Security Advisory Commit-tees.’’; and 
(C) in the item relating to section 70122, by 
striking ‘‘watch program.’’ and inserting ‘‘Watch Program.’’; 
(9) in section 70105(c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)(xv)— (i) by striking ‘‘18, popularly’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘18 (popularly’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Act’’ and inserting 
‘‘Act)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(D) para-
graph’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) of paragraph’’; 
(10) in section 70107— (A) in subsection (b)(2), by striking 
‘‘5121(j)(8)),’’ and inserting ‘‘5196(j)(8)),’’; and 
(B) in subsection (m)(3)(C)(iii), by striking 
‘‘that is’’ and inserting ‘‘that the applicant’’; 
(11) in section 70122, in the section heading, 
by striking ‘‘ watch program ’’ and inserting 
‘‘Watch Program ’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8898 December 18, 2015 
(12) in the analysis for chapter 705, by add-
ing a period at the end of the item relating to section 70508. 
(b) G
ENERAL BRIDGE STATUTES .— 
(1) A CT OF MARCH 3 , 1899.—The Act of March 
3, 1899, popularly known as the Rivers and Harbors Appropriations Act of 1899, is amended— 
(A) in section 9 (33 U.S.C. 401), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and 
(B) in section 18 (33 U.S.C. 502), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’. 
(2) A
CT OF MARCH 23 , 1906.—The Act of March 
23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906, is amended— 
(A) in the first section (33 U.S.C. 491), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 494), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
(C) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 495), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’. 
(3) A
CT OF AUGUST 18 , 1894.—Section 5 of the 
Act entitled ‘‘An Act making appropriations for the construction, repair, and preserva-tion of certain public works on rivers and harbors, and for other purposes’’, approved August 18, 1894 (33 U.S.C. 499) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(4) A
CT OF JUNE 21 , 1940.—The Act of June 21, 
1940, popularly known as the Truman-Hobbs Act, is amended— 
(A) in section 1 (33 U.S.C. 511), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 4 (33 U.S.C. 514), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting 
‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(C) in section 7 (33 U.S.C. 517), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and 
(D) in section 13 (33 U.S.C. 523), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(5) G
ENERAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1946 .—The Gen-
eral Bridge Act of 1946 is amended— 
(A) in section 502(b) (33 U.S.C. 525(b)), by 
striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; and 
(B) in section 510 (33 U.S.C. 533), by strik-
ing ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. 
(6) I
NTERNATIONAL BRIDGE ACT OF 1972 .—The 
International Bridge Act of 1972 is amend-ed— 
(A) in section 5 (33 U.S.C. 535c), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’; 
(B) in section 8 (33 U.S.C. 535e), by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating’’; and (C) by striking section 11 (33 U.S.C. 535h). 
SEC. 307. RECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVE-
MENTS OF MARINE CASUALTY RE-PORTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the actions the Commandant will take to implement recommendations on improvements to the Coast Guard’s marine casualty reporting re-quirements and procedures included in— 
(1) the Department of Homeland Security 
Office of Inspector General report entitled ‘‘Marine Accident Reporting, Investigations, and Enforcement in the United States Coast Guard’’, released on May 23, 2013; and 
(2) the Towing Safety Advisory Committee 
report entitled ‘‘Recommendations for Im-provement of Marine Casualty Reporting’’, released on March 26, 2015. 
SEC. 308. RECREATIONAL VESSEL ENGINE 
WEIGHTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations amending table 4 to subpart H of part 183 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to Weights (Pounds) of Outboard Motor and Re-lated Equipment for Various Boat Horse-power Ratings) as appropriate to reflect ‘‘Standard 30–Outboard Engine and Related Equipment Weights’’ published by the Amer-ican Boat and Yacht Council, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 309. MERCHANT MARINER MEDICAL CER-
TIFICATION REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 7509. Medical certification by trusted 
agents 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law and pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Secretary, a trust-ed agent may issue a medical certificate to an individual who— 
‘‘(1) must hold such certificate to qualify 
for a license, certificate of registry, or mer-chant mariner’s document, or endorsement thereto under this part; and 
‘‘(2) is qualified as to sight, hearing, and 
physical condition to perform the duties of such license, certificate, document, or en-dorsement, as determined by the trusted agent. 
‘‘(b) P
ROCESS FOR ISSUANCE OF CERTIFI -
CATES BY SECRETARY .—A final rule imple-
menting this section shall include a process for— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary of the department in 
which the Coast Guard is operating to issue medical certificates to mariners who submit applications for such certificates to the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(2) a trusted agent to defer to the Sec-
retary the issuance of a medical certificate. 
‘‘(c) T
RUSTED AGENT DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion the term ‘trusted agent’ means a med-ical practitioner certified by the Secretary to perform physical examinations of an indi-vidual for purposes of a license, certificate of registry, or merchant mariner’s document under this part.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue a final rule implementing section 7509 of title 46, United States Code, as added by this section. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘7509. Medical certification by trusted 
agents.’’. 
SEC. 310. ATLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE 
STUDY. 
(a) A TLANTIC COAST PORT ACCESS ROUTE  
STUDY .—Not later than April 1, 2016, the 
Commandant of the Coast Guard shall con-clude the Atlantic Coast Port Access Route Study and submit the results of such study to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(b) N
ANTUCKET SOUND .—Not later than De-
cember 1, 2016, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall complete and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a port ac-cess route study of Nantucket Sound using the standards and methodology of the Atlan-
tic Coast Port Access Route Study, to deter-mine whether the Coast Guard should revise existing regulations to improve navigation safety in Nantucket Sound due to factors such as increased vessel traffic, changing vessel traffic patterns, weather conditions, or navigational difficulty in the vicinity. 
SEC. 311. CERTIFICATES OF DOCUMENTATION 
FOR RECREATIONAL VESSELS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue regulations that— 
(1) make certificates of documentation for 
recreational vessels effective for 5 years; and 
(2) require the owner of such a vessel— (A) to notify the Coast Guard of each 
change in the information on which the issuance of the certificate of documentation is based, that occurs before the expiration of the certificate; and 
(B) apply for a new certificate of docu-
mentation for such a vessel if there is any such change. 
SEC. 312. PROGRAM GUIDELINES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall— 
(1) develop guidelines to implement the 
program authorized under section 304(a) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–241), in-cluding specific actions to ensure the future availability of able and credentialed United States licensed and unlicensed seafarers in-cluding— 
(A) incentives to encourage partnership 
agreements with operators of foreign-flag vessels that carry liquified natural gas, that provide no less than one training billet per vessel for United States merchant mariners in order to meet minimum mandatory sea service requirements; 
(B) development of appropriate training 
curricula for use by public and private mari-time training institutions to meet all United States merchant mariner license, certifi-cation, and document laws and requirements under the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978; and 
(C) steps to promote greater outreach and 
awareness of additional job opportunities for sea service veterans of the United States Armed Forces; and 
(2) submit such guidelines to the Com-
mittee Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate. 
SEC. 313. REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS , M ERCHANT MARINE ACT, 
1936.—Sections 601 through 606, 608 through 611, 613 through 616, 802, and 809 of the Mer-chant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) are repealed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8899 December 18, 2015 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 575 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 57501, by striking ‘‘titles V 
and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’; and 
(2) in section 57531(a), by striking ‘‘titles V 
and VI’’ and inserting ‘‘title V’’. 
(c) T RANSFER FROM MERCHANT MARINE  
ACT, 1936.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 801 of the Mer-
chant Marine Act, 1936 (46 U.S.C. 53101 note) is— 
(A) redesignated as section 57522 of title 46, 
United States Code, and transferred to ap-pear after section 57521 of such title; and 
(B) as so redesignated and transferred, is 
amended— 
(i) by striking so much as precedes the 
first sentence and inserting the following: 
‘‘§ 57522. Books and records, balance sheets, 
and inspection and auditing’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the provision of title VI or 
VII of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this chap-ter’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘: Provided, That’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘Commission’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
chapter 575, of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 57521 the following: 
‘‘57522. Books and records, balance sheets, 
and inspection and auditing.’’. 
(d) R
EPEALS , TITLE 46, U.S.C.—Section 8103 
of title 46, United States Code, is amended in subsections (c) and (d) by striking ‘‘or oper-ating’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 314. MARITIME DRUG LAW ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Section 70503(a) of title 
46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITIONS .—While on board a cov-
ered vessel, an individual may not knowingly or intentionally— 
‘‘(1) manufacture or distribute, or possess 
with intent to manufacture or distribute, a controlled substance; 
‘‘(2) destroy (including jettisoning any 
item or scuttling, burning, or hastily clean-ing a vessel), or attempt or conspire to de-stroy, property that is subject to forfeiture under section 511(a) of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 881(a)); or 
‘‘(3) conceal, or attempt or conspire to con-
ceal, more than $100,000 in currency or other monetary instruments on the person of such individual or in any conveyance, article of luggage, merchandise, or other container, or compartment of or aboard the covered vessel if that vessel is outfitted for smuggling.’’. 
(b) C
OVERED VESSEL DEFINED .—Section 
70503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) C
OVERED VESSEL DEFINED .—In this 
section the term ‘covered vessel’ means— 
‘‘(1) a vessel of the United States or a ves-
sel subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; or 
‘‘(2) any other vessel if the individual is a 
citizen of the United States or a resident alien of the United States.’’. 
(c) P
ENALTIES .—Section 70506 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘A person 
violating section 70503’’ and inserting ‘‘A person violating paragraph (1) of section 70503(a)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) P
ENALTY .—A person violating para-
graph (2) or (3) of section 70503(a) shall be fined in accordance with section 3571 of title 18, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both.’’. 
(d) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—Section 
70507(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 70503’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 70503 or 70508’’. 
(e) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of section 70503 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 70503. Prohibited acts’’ 
(2) The analysis for chapter 705 of title 46, 
United States Code, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 70503 and inserting the following: 
‘‘70503. Prohibited acts.’’. 
SEC. 315. EXAMINATIONS FOR MERCHANT MAR-
INER CREDENTIALS. 
(a) D ISCLOSURE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 75 of title 46, 
United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 7510. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials 
‘‘(a) D
ISCLOSURE NOTREQUIRED .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary is not required to disclose to the pub-lic— 
‘‘(1) a question from any examination for a 
merchant mariner credential; 
‘‘(2) the answer to such a question, includ-
ing any correct or incorrect answer that may be presented with such question; and 
‘‘(3) any quality or characteristic of such a 
question, including— 
‘‘(A) the manner in which such question 
has been, is, or may be selected for an exam-ination; 
‘‘(B) the frequency of such selection; and ‘‘(C) the frequency that an examinee cor-
rectly or incorrectly answered such question. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN QUESTIONS .— 
Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Sec-retary may, for the purpose of preparation by the general public for examinations re-quired for merchant mariner credentials, re-lease an examination question and answer that the Secretary has retired or is not pres-ently on or part of an examination, or that the Secretary determines is appropriate for release. 
‘‘(c) E
XAMREVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, and once every two years thereafter, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall commission a work-ing group to review new questions for inclu-sion in examinations required for merchant mariner credentials, composed of— 
‘‘(A) 1 subject matter expert from the 
Coast Guard; 
‘‘(B) representatives from training facili-
ties and the maritime industry, of whom— 
‘‘(i) one-half shall be representatives from 
approved training facilities; and 
‘‘(ii) one-half shall be representatives from 
the appropriate maritime industry; 
‘‘(C) at least 1 representative from the 
Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Com-mittee; 
‘‘(D) at least 2 representatives from the 
State maritime academies, of whom one shall be a representative from the deck training track and one shall be a representa-tive of the engineer license track; 
‘‘(E) representatives from other Coast 
Guard Federal advisory committees, as ap-propriate, for the industry segment associ-ated with the subject examinations; 
‘‘(F) at least 1 subject matter expert from 
the Maritime Administration; and 
‘‘(G) at least 1 human performance tech-
nology representative. 
‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION OF PERSONS KNOWLEDGEABLE  
ABOUT EXAMINATION TYPE .—The working 
group shall include representatives knowl-edgeable about the examination type under review. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The requirement to con-
vene a working group under paragraph (1) does not apply unless there are new examina-tion questions to review. ‘‘(4) B
ASELINE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Within 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall convene the working group to complete a baseline review of the Coast Guard’s Mer-chant Mariner Credentialing Examination, including review of— 
‘‘(i) the accuracy of examination questions; ‘‘(ii) the accuracy and availability of ex-
amination references; 
‘‘(iii) the length of merchant mariner ex-
aminations; and 
‘‘(iv) the use of standard technologies in 
administering, scoring, and analyzing the ex-aminations. 
‘‘(B) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—The Coast Guard 
shall provide a progress report to the appro-priate congressional committees on the re-view under this paragraph. 
‘‘(5) F
ULL MEMBERSHIP NOT REQUIRED .—The 
Coast Guard may convene the working group without all members present if any non- Coast-Guard representative is present. 
‘‘(6) N
ONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall require all members of the work-ing group to sign a nondisclosure agreement with the Secretary. 
‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF MEMBERS AS FEDERAL  
EMPLOYEES .—A member of the working group 
who is not a Federal Government employee shall not be considered a Federal employee in the service or the employment of the Fed-eral Government, except that such a member shall be considered a special government em-ployee, as defined in section 202(a) of title 18 for purposes of sections 203, 205, 207, 208, and 
209 of such title and shall be subject to any administrative standards of conduct applica-ble to an employee of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
‘‘(8) F
ORMAL EXAM REVIEW .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the Coast Guard Perform-ance Technology Center— 
‘‘(A) prioritizes the review of examinations 
required for merchant mariner credentials; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, completes a formal review, in-cluding an appropriate analysis, of the topics and testing methodology employed by the National Maritime Center for merchant sea-men licensing. 
‘‘(9) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Com-
mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App) shall not apply to any working group created under this sec-tion to review the Coast Guard’s merchant mariner credentialing examinations. 
‘‘(d) M
ERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘merchant 
mariner credential’ means a merchant sea-man license, certificate, or document that the Secretary is authorized to issue pursuant to this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘7510. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials.’’. 
(b) E
XAMINATIONS FOR MERCHANT MARINER  
CREDENTIALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 7116. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT FOR SAMPLE EXAMS .— 
The Secretary shall develop a sample mer-chant mariner credential examination and outline of merchant mariner examination topics on an annual basis. 
‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each sample 
examination and outline of topics developed under subsection (a) shall be readily avail-able to the public. 
‘‘(c) M
ERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIAL DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘merchant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8900 December 18, 2015 
mariner credential’ has the meaning that 
term has in section 7510.’’. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for 
such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘7116. Examinations for merchant mariner 
credentials.’’. 
(c) D
ISCLOSURE TO CONGRESS .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to authorize the withholding of information from an ap-propriate inspector general, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, or the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 316. HIGHER VOLUME PORT AREA REGU-
LATORY DEFINITION CHANGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
710 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 124 Stat. 2986) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) H
IGHER VOLUME PORTS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the re-quirements of subparts D, F, and G of part 155 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations, that apply to the higher volume port area for the Strait of Juan de Fuca at Port Angeles, Washington (including any water area within 50 nautical miles seaward), to and including Puget Sound, shall apply, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent, to the Strait of Juan de Fuca at Cape Flattery, Washington (including any water area within 50 nautical miles seaward), to and including Puget Sound.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the modification of the higher volume port area definition required by subsection (a).’’ and inserting ‘‘higher volume port require-ments made applicable under subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 317. RECOGNITION OF PORT SECURITY AS-
SESSMENTS CONDUCTED BY OTHER ENTITIES. 
Section 70108 of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) R
ECOGNITION OF ASSESSMENT CON-
DUCTED BY OTHER ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C ERTIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF AS -
SESSMENTS .—For the purposes of this section 
and section 70109, the Secretary may treat an assessment that a foreign government (in-cluding, for the purposes of this subsection, an entity of or operating under the auspices of the European Union) or international or-ganization has conducted as an assessment that the Secretary has conducted for the purposes of subsection (a), provided that the Secretary certifies that the foreign govern-ment or international organization has— 
‘‘(A) conducted the assessment in accord-
ance with subsection (b); and 
‘‘(B) provided the Secretary with sufficient 
information pertaining to its assessment (in-cluding, but not limited to, information on the outcome of the assessment). 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION TO ENTER INTO AN  
AGREEMENT .—For the purposes of this sec-
tion and section 70109, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, may enter into an agreement with a foreign gov-ernment (including, for the purposes of this subsection, an entity of or operating under the auspices of the European Union) or inter-national organization, under which parties to the agreement— 
‘‘(A) conduct an assessment, required 
under subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) share information pertaining to such 
assessment (including, but not limited to, in-formation on the outcome of the assess-ment); or 
‘‘(C) both. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to— ‘‘(A) require the Secretary to recognize an 
assessment that a foreign government or an international organization has conducted; or 
‘‘(B) limit the discretion or ability of the 
Secretary to conduct an assessment under this section. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 30 days before entering into an agree-ment or arrangement with a foreign govern-ment under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of the proposed terms of such agree-ment or arrangement.’’. 
SEC. 318. FISHING VESSEL AND FISH TENDER 
VESSEL CERTIFICATION. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE SAFETY COMPLIANCE PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 4503 of title 46, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘this sec-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘This sec-
tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (d), subsection (a)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘This section’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), subsection (a)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(2) Subsection (a) does not apply to a fish-
ing vessel or fish tender vessel to which sec-tion 4502(b) of this title applies, if the ves-sel— 
‘‘(A) is at least 50 feet overall in length, 
and not more than 79 feet overall in length as listed on the vessel’s certificate of docu-mentation or certificate of number; and 
‘‘(B)(i) is built after the date of the enact-
ment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(ii) complies with— ‘‘(I) the requirements described in sub-
section (e); or 
‘‘(II) the alternative requirements estab-
lished by the Secretary under subsection (f).’’; and 
(4) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (g), and inserting after subsection (d) the following: 
‘‘(e) The requirements referred to in sub-
section (c)(2)(B)(ii)(I) are the following: 
‘‘(1) The vessel is designed by an individual 
licensed by a State as a naval architect or marine engineer, and the design incorporates standards equivalent to those prescribed by a classification society to which the Secretary has delegated authority under section 3316 or another qualified organization approved by the Secretary for purposes of this paragraph. 
‘‘(2) Construction of the vessel is overseen 
and certified as being in accordance with its design by a marine surveyor of an organiza-tion accepted by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) The vessel— ‘‘(A) completes a stability test performed 
by a qualified individual; 
‘‘(B) has written stability and loading in-
structions from a qualified individual that are provided to the owner or operator; and 
‘‘(C) has an assigned loading mark. ‘‘(4) The vessel is not substantially altered 
without the review and approval of an indi-vidual licensed by a State as a naval archi-tect or marine engineer before the beginning of such substantial alteration. 
‘‘(5) The vessel undergoes a condition sur-
vey at least twice in 5 years, not to exceed 3 years between surveys, to the satisfaction of a marine surveyor of an organization accept-ed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(6) The vessel undergoes an out-of-water 
survey at least once every 5 years to the sat-isfaction of a certified marine surveyor of an organization accepted by the Secretary. ‘‘(7) Once every 5 years and at the time of 
a substantial alteration to such vessel, com-pliance of the vessel with the requirements of paragraph (3) is reviewed and updated as necessary. 
‘‘(8) For the life of the vessel, the owner of 
the vessel maintains records to demonstrate compliance with this subsection and makes such records readily available for inspection by an official authorized to enforce this chapter. 
‘‘(f)(1) Not later than 10 years after the 
date of the enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that provides an analysis of the adequacy of the requirements under sub-section (e) in maintaining the safety of the fishing vessels and fish tender vessels which are described in subsection (c)(2) and which comply with the requirements of subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) If the report required under this sub-
section includes a determination that the safety requirements under subsection (e) are not adequate or that additional safety meas-ures are necessary, then the Secretary may establish an alternative safety compliance program for fishing vessels or fish tender vessels (or both) which are described in sub-section (c)(2) and which comply with the re-quirements of subsection (e). 
‘‘(3) The alternative safety compliance pro-
gram established under this subsection shall include requirements for— 
‘‘(A) vessel construction; ‘‘(B) a vessel stability test; ‘‘(C) vessel stability and loading instruc-
tions; 
‘‘(D) an assigned vessel loading mark; ‘‘(E) a vessel condition survey at least 
twice in 5 years, not to exceed 3 years be-tween surveys; 
‘‘(F) an out-of-water vessel survey at least 
once every 5 years; 
‘‘(G) maintenance of records to dem-
onstrate compliance with the program, and the availability of such records for inspec-tion; and 
‘‘(H) such other aspects of vessel safety as 
the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. 
(b) GAO R
EPORT ON COMMERCIAL FISHING  
VESSEL SAFETY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on commercial fishing vessel safety. The report shall include— 
(A) national and regional trends that can 
be identified with respect to rates of marine casualties, human injuries, and deaths aboard or involving fishing vessels greater than 79 feet in length that operate beyond the 3-nautical-mile demarcation line; 
(B) a comparison of United States regula-
tions for classification of fishing vessels to those established by other countries, includ-ing the vessel length at which such regula-tions apply; 
(C) the additional costs imposed on vessel 
owners as a result of the requirement in sec-tion 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code, and how the those costs vary in relation to vessel size and from region to region; 
(D) savings that result from the applica-
tion of the requirement in section 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code, including reduc-tions in insurance rates or reduction in the number of fishing vessels or fish tender ves-sels lost to major safety casualties, nation-ally and regionally; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8901 December 18, 2015 
(E) a national and regional comparison of 
the additional costs and safety benefits asso-ciated with fishing vessels or fish tender ves-sels that are built and maintained to class through a classification society to the addi-tional costs and safety benefits associated with fishing vessels or fish tender vessels that are built to standards equivalent to classification society construction standards and maintained to standards equivalent to classification society standards with verification by independent surveyors; and 
(F) the impact on the cost of production 
and availability of qualified shipyards, na-tionally and regionally, resulting from the application of the requirement in section 4503(a) of title 46, United States Code. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION REQUIREMENT .—In pre-
paring the report under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— 
(A) consult with owners and operators of 
fishing vessels or fish tender vessels, classi-fication societies, shipyards, the National In-stitute for Occupational Safety and Health, the National Transportation Safety Board, the Coast Guard, academics, naval archi-tects, and marine safety nongovernmental organizations; and 
(B) obtain relevant data from the Coast 
Guard including data collected from enforce-ment actions, boardings, investigations of marine casualties, and serious marine inci-dents. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF DATA .—In preparing the 
report under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— 
(A) disaggregate data regionally for each of 
the regions managed by the regional fishery management councils established under sec-tion 302 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fisheries Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1852), the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission, the Pacific States Marine Fish-eries Commission, and the Gulf States Ma-rine Fisheries Commission; and 
(B) include qualitative data on the types of 
fishing vessels or fish tender vessels included in the report. 
SEC. 319. INTERAGENCY COORDINATING COM-
MITTEE ON OIL POLLUTION RE-SEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7001(a)(3) of the 
Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2761(a)(3)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Minerals Management 
Service’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management,’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘the United States Arctic 
Research Commission,’’ after ‘‘National Aer-onautics and Space Administration,’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 7001 
of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 
2761) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘De-partment of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(8)(A), by striking 
‘‘(1989)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2010)’’. 
SEC. 320. INTERNATIONAL PORT AND FACILITY 
INSPECTION COORDINATION. 
Section 825(a) of the Coast Guard Author-
ization Act of 2010 (6 U.S.C. 945 note; Public Law 111–281) is amended in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— 
(1) by striking ‘‘the department in which 
the Coast Guard is operating’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘they are integrated and 
conducted by the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘the assessments are coordinated between the Coast Guard and Customs and Border Protection’’. TITLE IV—FEDERAL MARITIME 
COMMISSION 
SEC. 401. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 308. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to 
the Federal Maritime Commission $24,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017 for the activities of the Commission authorized under this chapter and subtitle IV.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘308. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 402. DUTIES OF THE CHAIRMAN. 
Section 301(c)(3)(A) of title 46, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘units, but 
only after consultation with the other Com-missioners;’’ and inserting ‘‘units (with such appointments subject to the approval of the Commission);’’; 
(2) in clause (iv) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(3) in clause (v) by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) prepare and submit to the President 
and the Congress requests for appropriations for the Commission (with such requests sub-ject to the approval of the Commission).’’. 
SEC. 403. PROHIBITION ON AWARDS. 
Section 307 of title 46, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Federal Maritime 
Commission’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Maritime 
Commission’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), the Federal Maritime Commis-sion may not expend any funds appropriated or otherwise made available to it to a non- Federal entity to issue an award, prize, com-mendation, or other honor that is not re-lated to the purposes set forth in section 40101.’’. 
TITLE V—CONVEYANCES 
Subtitle A—Miscellaneous Conveyances 
SEC. 501. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-
ERTY IN POINT REYES STATION, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard shall convey to the County of Marin, California all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered property— 
(A) for fair market value, as provided in 
paragraph (2); 
(B) subject to the conditions required by 
this section; and 
(C) subject to any other term or condition 
that the Commandant considers appropriate and reasonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
(2) F
AIR MARKET VALUE .—The fair market 
value of the covered property shall be— 
(A) determined by a real estate appraiser 
who has been selected by the County and is licensed to practice in California; and 
(B) approved by the Commandant. (3) P
ROCEEDS .—The Commandant shall de-
posit the proceeds from a conveyance under paragraph (1) in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established by section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
(b) C
ONDITION OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condi-
tion of any conveyance of the covered prop-erty under this section, the Commandant shall require that all right, title, and inter-est in and to the covered property shall re-vert to the United States if the covered prop-
erty or any part thereof ceases to be used for affordable housing, as defined by the County and the Commandant at the time of convey-ance, or to provide a public benefit approved by the County. 
(c) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
(d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect or limit the application of or obligation to com-ply with any environmental law, including section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). 
(e) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘covered property’’ means the approximately 32 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
(1) located in Point Reyes Station in the 
County of Marin, California; 
(2) under the administrative control of the 
Coast Guard; and 
(3) described as ‘‘Parcel A, Tract 1’’, ‘‘Par-
cel B, Tract 2’’, ‘‘Parcel C’’, and ‘‘Parcel D’’ in the Declaration of Taking (Civil No. C 71– 1245 SC) filed June 28, 1971, in the United States District Court for the Northern Dis-trict of California. 
(f) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to convey 
the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 502. CONVEYANCE OF COAST GUARD PROP-
ERTY IN TOK, ALASKA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard may convey to the Tanana Chiefs’ Conference all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the covered property, upon payment to the United States of the fair market value of the covered property. 
(b) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal 
description of the covered property shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
(c) F
AIRMARKET VALUE .—The fair market 
value of the covered property shall be— 
(1) determined by appraisal; and (2) subject to the approval of the Com-
mandant. 
(d) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—The responsi-
bility for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and envi-ronmental documentation costs, associated with a conveyance under this section shall be determined by the Commandant and the purchaser. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— 
The Commandant may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance under this section as the Commandant considers appropriate and rea-sonable to protect the interests of the United States. 
(f) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—Any proceeds re-
ceived by the United States from a convey-ance under this section shall be deposited in the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under section 687 of title 14, United States Code. 
(g) C
OVERED PROPERTY DEFINED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In this section, the term 
‘‘covered property’’ means the approxi-mately 3.25 acres of real property (including all improvements located on the property) that are— 
(A) located in Tok, Alaska; (B) under the administrative control of the 
Coast Guard; and 
(C) described in paragraph (2). (2) D
ESCRIPTION .—The property described 
in this paragraph is the following: 
(A) Lots 11, 12 and 13, block ‘‘G’’, Second 
Addition to Hartsell Subdivision, Section 20, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8902 December 18, 2015 
Township 18 North, Range 13 East, Copper 
River Meridian, Alaska as appears by Plat No. 72–39 filed in the Office of the Recorder for the Fairbanks Recording District of Alas-ka, bearing seal dated 25 September 1972, all containing approximately 1.25 acres and commonly known as 2–PLEX – Jackie Circle, Units A and B. 
(B) Beginning at a point being the SE cor-
ner of the SE 
1⁄4of the SE 1⁄4Section 24, 
Township 18 North, Range 12 East, Copper River Meridian, Alaska; thence running westerly along the south line of said SE 
1⁄4of 
the NE 1⁄4260 feet; thence northerly parallel 
to the east line of said SE 1⁄4of the NE 1⁄4335 
feet; thence easterly parallel to the south line 260 feet; then south 335 feet along the east boundary of Section 24 to the point of beginning; all containing approximately 2.0 acres and commonly known as 4–PLEX – West ‘‘C’’ and Willow, Units A, B, C and D. 
(h) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to convey 
the covered property under this section shall expire on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Pribilof Islands 
SEC. 521. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Pribilof 
Island Transition Completion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 522. TRANSFER AND DISPOSITION OF PROP-
ERTY. 
(a) T RANSFER .—To further accomplish the 
settlement of land claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), the Secretary of Commerce shall, subject to paragraph (2), and notwith-standing section 105(a) of the Pribilof Islands Transition Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106–562), convey all right, title, and in-terest in the following property to the Alas-ka native village corporation for St. Paul Is-land: 
(1) Lots 4, 5, and 6A, Block 18, Tract A, U.S. 
Survey 4943, Alaska, the plat of which was Officially Filed on January 20, 2004, aggre-gating 13,006 square feet (0.30 acres). 
(2) On the termination of the license de-
scribed in subsection (b)(3), T. 35 S., R. 131 W., Seward Meridian, Alaska, Tract 43, the plat of which was Officially Filed on May 14, 1986, containing 84.88 acres. 
(b) F
EDERAL USE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the de-
partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating may operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, repair, and replace any Federal aid to navigation located on the property de-scribed in subsection (a) as long as the aid is 
needed for navigational purposes. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the Secretary may enter the property, at any time for as long as the aid is needed for navigational purposes, without notice to the extent that it is not practicable to provide advance notice. 
(3) L
ICENSE .—The Secretary of the Depart-
ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may maintain a license in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to the real property and improvements under subsection (a) until the termination of the li-cense. 
(4) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act and not less than once every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on— 
(A) efforts taken to remediate contami-
nated soils on tract 43 described in sub-section (a)(2); 
(B) a schedule for the completion of con-
taminated soil remediation on tract 43; and 
(C) any use of tract 43 to carry out Coast 
Guard navigation activities. (c) A
GREEMENT ON TRANSFER OF OTHER  
PROPERTY ON ST. PAULISLAND .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the prop-
erty transferred under subsection (a), not later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce and the presiding officer of the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island shall enter into an agreement to exchange of prop-erty on Tracts 50 and 38 on St. Paul Island and to finalize the recording of deeds, to re-flect the boundaries and ownership of Tracts 50 and 38 as depicted on a survey of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, to be filed with the Office of the Re-corder for the Department of Natural Re-sources for the State of Alaska. 
(2) E
ASEMENTS .—The survey described in 
subsection (a) shall include respective ease-ments granted to the Secretary and the Alaska native village corporation for the purpose of utilities, drainage, road access, and salt lagoon conservation. 
SEC. 523. NOTICE OF CERTIFICATION. 
Section 105 of the Pribilof Islands Transi-
tion Act (16 U.S.C. 1161 note; Public Law 106– 562) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘The 
Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding paragraph (2) and effective beginning on the date the Secretary publishes the notice of certification required by subsection (b)(5), the Secretary’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 205 of the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1165)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 205(a) of the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1165(a))’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) N
OTICE OF CERTIFICATION .—The Sec-
retary shall promptly publish and submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate notice that the certification described in paragraph (2) has been made.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘makes the certification de-scribed in subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘publishes the notice of certification re-quired by subsection (b)(5)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 
205’’ and inserting ‘‘Subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) of section 205’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (g); and 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the Secretary makes a determination under subsection (f) that land on St. Paul Is-land, Alaska, not specified for transfer in the document entitled ‘Transfer of Property on the Pribilof Islands: Descriptions, Terms and Conditions’ or section 522 of the Pribilof Is-land Transition Completion Act of 2015 is in excess of the needs of the Secretary and the Federal Government, the Secretary shall no-tify the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island of the determination. 
‘‘(2) E
LECTION TO RECEIVE .—Not later than 
60 days after the date receipt of the notifica-tion of the Secretary under subsection (a), the Alaska native village corporation for St. Paul Island shall notify the Secretary in writing whether the Alaska native village corporation elects to receive all right, title, and interest in the land or a portion of the land. 
‘‘(3) T
RANSFER .—If the Alaska native vil-
lage corporation provides notice under para-graph (2) that the Alaska native village cor-poration elects to receive all right, title and interest in the land or a portion of the land, the Secretary shall transfer all right, title, and interest in the land or portion to the 
Alaska native village corporation at no cost. 
‘‘(4) O
THER DISPOSITION .—If the Alaska na-
tive village corporation does not provide no-tice under paragraph (2) that the Alaska na-tive village corporation elects to receive all right, title, and interest in the land or a por-tion of the land, the Secretary may dispose of the land in accordance with other applica-ble law. 
‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section and not less than once every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall determine whether property located on St. Paul Island and not transferred to the Natives of the Pribilof Islands is in excess of the smallest practicable tract enclosing land— 
‘‘(A) needed by the Secretary for the pur-
poses of carrying out the Fur Seal Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) in the case of land withdrawn by the 
Secretary on behalf of other Federal agen-cies, needed for carrying out the missions of those agencies for which land was with-drawn; or 
‘‘(C) actually used by the Federal Govern-
ment in connection with the administration of any Federal installation on St. Paul Is-land. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT OF DETERMINATION .—When a 
determination is made under subsection (a), the Secretary shall report the determination to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Natural Resources 
of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
‘‘(C) the Alaska native village corporation 
for St. Paul Island.’’. 
SEC. 524. REDUNDANT CAPABILITY. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (b), section 681 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, shall not be construed to prohibit any trans-fer or conveyance of lands under this subtitle or any actions that involve the dismantling or disposal of infrastructure that supported the former LORAN system that are associ-ated with the transfer or conveyance of lands under section 522. 
(b) R
EDUNDANT CAPABILITY .—If, within the 
5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating determines that a facility on Tract 43, if transferred under this subtitle, is sub-sequently required to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide re-dundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Secretary may— 
(1) operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, 
repair, and replace such facility; and 
(2) in carrying out the activities described 
in paragraph (1), enter, at any time, the fa-cility without notice to the extent that it is not possible to provide advance notice, for as long as such facility is needed to provide such capability. 
Subtitle C—Conveyance of Coast Guard 
Property at Point Spencer, Alaska 
SEC. 531. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds as follows: (1) Major shipping traffic is increasing 
through the Bering Strait, the Bering and Chukchi Seas, and the Arctic Ocean, and will continue to increase whether or not develop-ment of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States is undertaken in the future, and will increase further if such Outer Conti-nental Shelf development is undertaken. 
(2) There is a compelling national, State, 
Alaska Native, and private sector need for permanent infrastructure development and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8903 December 18, 2015 
for a presence in the Arctic region of Alaska 
by appropriate agencies of the Federal Gov-ernment, particularly in proximity to the Bering Strait, to support and facilitate search and rescue, shipping safety, economic development, oil spill prevention and re-sponse, protection of Alaska Native archae-ological and cultural resources, port of ref-uge, arctic research, and maritime law en-forcement on the Bering Sea, the Chukchi Sea, and the Arctic Ocean. 
(3) The United States owns a parcel of 
land, known as Point Spencer, located be-tween the Bering Strait and Port Clarence and adjacent to some of the best potential deepwater port sites on the coast of Alaska in the Arctic. 
(4) Prudent and effective use of Point Spen-
cer may be best achieved through mar-shaling the energy, resources, and leadership of the public and private sectors. 
(5) It is in the national interest to develop 
infrastructure at Point Spencer that would aid the Coast Guard in performing its statu-tory duties and functions in the Arctic on a more permanent basis and to allow for public and private sector development of facilities and other infrastructure to support purposes that are of benefit to the United States. 
SEC. 532. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: 
(1) A RCTIC .—The term ‘‘Arctic’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111). 
(2) BSNC.—The term ‘‘BSNC’’ means the 
Bering Straits Native Corporation author-ized under section 7 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606). 
(3) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means 
the Port Coordination Council established under section 541. 
(4) P
LAN.—The term ‘‘Plan’’ means the 
Port Management Coordination Plan devel-oped under section 541. 
(5) P
OINT SPENCER .—The term ‘‘Point Spen-
cer’’ means the land known as ‘‘Point Spen-cer’’ located in Townships 2, 3, and 4 South, Range 40 West, Kateel River Meridian, Alas-ka, between the Bering Strait and Port Clar-ence and withdrawn by Public Land Order 2650 (published in the Federal Register on April 12, 1962). 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-
cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating. 
(7) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of Alaska. 
(8) T RACT .—The term ‘‘Tract’’ or ‘‘Tracts’’ 
means any of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, as appropriate, or any portion of such Tract or Tracts. 
(9) T
RACTS 1 , 2, 3, 4, 5, AND 6 .—The terms 
‘‘Tract 1’’, ‘‘Tract 2’’, ‘‘Tract 3’’, ‘‘Tract 4’’, ‘‘Tract 5’’, and ‘‘Tract 6’’ each mean the land generally depicted as Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, or Tract 6, respectively, on the map entitled the ‘‘Point Spencer Land Retention and Conveyance Map’’, dated Jan-uary 2015, and on file with the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Interior. 
SEC. 533. AUTHORITY TO CONVEY LAND IN POINT 
SPENCER. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOCONVEY TRACTS 1, 3, AND 
4.—Within 1 year after the Secretary notifies the Secretary of the Interior that the Coast Guard no longer needs to retain jurisdiction of Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 and subject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey to BSNC or the State, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of that Tract in accordance with subsection (d). 
(b) A
UTHORITY TOCONVEY TRACTS 2 AND 
5.—Within 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this section and subject to section 
534, the Secretary of the Interior shall con-vey, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of Tract 2 and Tract 5 in accordance with subsection (d). 
(c) A
UTHORITY TO TRANSFER TRACT 6.— 
Within one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act and subject to sections 534 and 535, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey, subject to valid existing rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the surface and subsurface estates of Tract 6 in accordance with subsection (e). 
(d) O
RDER OF OFFER TO CONVEY TRACT 1, 2, 
3, 4, OR5.— 
(1) D ETERMINATION AND OFFER .— 
(A) T RACT 1 , 3, OR 4 .—If the Secretary 
makes the determination under subsection (a) and subject to section 534, the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 for conveyance to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
(B) T
RACT 2 AND 5 .—Subject to section 534, 
the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 2 and Tract 5 to BSNC under the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
(2) O
FFER TO BSNC .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY BSNC .—If BSNC chooses 
to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the In-terior shall consider Tract 6 as within BSNC’s entitlement under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)) and shall convey such Tract to BSNC. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY BSNC .—If BSNC declines to 
accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the In-terior shall offer such Tract for conveyance to the State under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85– 508). 
(3) O
FFER TO STATE .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY STATE .—If the State 
chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider such Tract as within the State’s entitlement under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508) and shall convey such Tract to the State. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY STATE .—If the State de-
clines to accept an offer of conveyance of a Tract offered under paragraph (2)(B), such Tract shall be disposed of pursuant to appli-cable public land laws. 
(e) O
RDER OF OFFER TO CONVEY TRACT 6.— 
(1) O FFER .—Subject to section 534, the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall offer Tract 6 for conveyance to the State. 
(2) O
FFER TO STATE .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY STATE .—If the State 
chooses to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider Tract 6 as within the State’s entitlement under the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alas-ka Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85–508) and shall convey Tract 6 to the State. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY STATE .—If the State de-
clines to accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Interior shall offer Tract 6 for convey-ance to BSNC under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). 
(3) O
FFER TO BSNC .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY BSNC .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), if 
BSNC chooses to accept an offer of convey-ance of Tract 6 under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall consider 
Tract 6 as within BSNC’s entitlement under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)) and shall convey Tract 6 to BSNC. 
(ii) L
EASE BY THE STATE .—The conveyance 
of Tract 6 to BSNC shall be subject to BSNC negotiating a lease of Tract 6 to the State at no cost to the State, if the State requests such a lease. 
(B) D
ECLINE BY BSNC .—If BSNC declines to 
accept an offer of conveyance of Tract 6 under paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary of the Interior shall dispose of Tract 6 pursuant to the applicable public land laws. 
SEC. 534. ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE, LIABIL-
ITY, AND MONITORING. 
(a) E NVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE .—Nothing 
in this Act or any amendment made by this Act may be construed to affect or limit the application of or obligation to comply with any applicable environmental law, including section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). 
(b) L
IABILITY .—A person to which a con-
veyance is made under this subtitle shall hold the United States harmless from any li-ability with respect to activities carried out on or after the date of the conveyance of the real property conveyed. The United States shall remain responsible for any liability with respect to activities carried out before such date on the real property conveyed. 
(c) M
ONITORING OF KNOWN CONTAMINA -
TION.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To the extent practicable 
and subject to paragraph (2), any contamina-tion in a Tract to be conveyed to the State or BSNC under this subtitle that— 
(A) is identified in writing prior to the con-
veyance; and 
(B) does not pose an immediate or long- 
term risk to human health or the environ-ment; may be routinely monitored and managed by the State or BSNC, as applicable, through in-stitutional controls. 
(2) I
NSTITUTIONAL CONTROLS .—Institutional 
controls may be used if— 
(A) the Administrator of the Environ-
mental Protection Agency and the Governor of the State concur that such controls are protective of human health and the environ-ment; and 
(B) such controls are carried out in accord-
ance with Federal and State law. 
SEC. 535. EASEMENTS AND ACCESS. 
(a) U SE BY COAST GUARD .—The Secretary of 
the Interior shall make each conveyance of any relevant Tract under this subtitle sub-ject to an easement granting the Coast Guard, at no cost to the Coast Guard— 
(1) use of all existing and future landing 
pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways that are located on such Tract; and 
(2) the right to access such landing pads, 
airstrips, runways, and taxiways. 
(b) U
SE BY STATE .—For any Tract conveyed 
to BSNC under this subtitle, BSNC shall pro-vide to the State, if requested and pursuant to negotiated terms with the State, an ease-ment granting to the State, at no cost to the State— 
(1) use of all existing and future landing 
pads, airstrips, runways, and taxiways lo-cated on such Tract; and 
(2) a right to access such landing pads, air-
strips, runways, and taxiways. 
(c) R
IGHT OF ACCESS OR RIGHT OF WAY.—If 
the State requests a right of access or right of way for a road from the airstrip to the southern tip of Point Spencer, the location of such right of access or right of way shall be determined by the State, in consultation with the Secretary and BSNC, so that such right of access or right of way is compatible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8904 December 18, 2015 
with other existing or planned infrastructure 
development at Point Spencer. 
(d) A CCESS EASEMENT ACROSS TRACTS 2, 5, 
AND 6.—In conveyance documents to the 
State and BSNC under this subtitle, the Coast Guard shall retain an access easement across Tracts 2, 5, and 6 reasonably necessary to afford the Coast Guard with access to Tracts 1, 3, and 4 for its operations. 
(e) A
CCESS .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Coast Guard shall provide to the State and BSNC, access to Tracts for planning, design, and engineering related to remediation and use of and construction on those Tracts. 
(f) P
UBLIC ACCESS EASEMENTS .—No public 
access easements may be reserved to the United States under section 17(b) of the Alas-ka Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1616(b)) with respect to the land conveyed under this subtitle. 
SEC. 536. RELATIONSHIP TO PUBLIC LAND 
ORDER 2650. 
(a) T RACTS NOTCONVEYED .—Any Tract 
that is not conveyed under this subtitle shall remain withdrawn pursuant to Public Land Order 2650 (published in the Federal Register on April 12, 1962). 
(b) T
RACTS CONVEYED .—For any Tract con-
veyed under this subtitle, Public Land Order 2650 shall automatically terminate upon issuance of a conveyance document issued pursuant to this subtitle for such Tract. 
SEC. 537. ARCHEOLOGICAL AND CULTURAL RE-
SOURCES. 
Conveyance of any Tract under this sub-
title shall not affect investigations, criminal jurisdiction, and responsibilities regarding theft or vandalism of archeological or cul-tural resources located in or on such Tract that took place prior to conveyance under this subtitle. 
SEC. 538. MAPS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS. 
(a) P REPARATION OF MAPS AND LEGAL DE-
SCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Interior in consultation with the Secretary shall prepare maps and legal descriptions of Tract 1, Tract 2, Tract 3, Tract 4, Tract 5, and Tract 6. In doing so, the Secretary of the Interior may use metes and bounds legal descriptions based upon the of-ficial survey plats of Point Spencer accepted by the Bureau of Land Management on De-cember 6, 1978, and on information provided by the Secretary. 
(b) S
URVEY .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall survey Tracts conveyed under this subtitle and patent the Tracts in accordance with the official plats of survey. 
(c) L
EGAL EFFECT .—The maps and legal de-
scriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under subsection (b) shall have the same force and effect as if the maps and legal descriptions were included in this Act. 
(d) C
ORRECTIONS .—The Secretary of the In-
terior may correct any clerical and typo-graphical errors in the maps and legal de-scriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under subsection (b). 
(e) A
VAILABILITY .—Copies of the maps and 
legal descriptions prepared under subsection (a) and the surveys prepared under sub-section (b) shall be available for public in-spection in the appropriate offices of— 
(1) the Bureau of Land Management; and (2) the Coast Guard. 
SEC. 539. CHARGEABILITY FOR LAND CONVEYED. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES TO ALASKA .—The Sec-
retary of the Interior shall charge any con-veyance of land conveyed to the State of Alaska pursuant to this subtitle against the State’s remaining entitlement under section 6(b) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’; Pub-
lic Law 85–508: 72 Stat. 339). 
(b) C
ONVEYANCES TO BSNC.—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall charge any conveyance of land conveyed to BSNC pursuant to this subtitle, against BSNC’s remaining entitle-ment under section 14(h)(8) of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1613(h)(8)). 
SEC. 540. REDUNDANT CAPABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), section 681 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, shall not be construed to prohibit any transfer or conveyance of lands under this subtitle or any actions that involve the dismantling or disposal of infrastructure that supported the former LORAN system that are associated with the transfer or conveyance of lands under this subtitle. 
(b) C
ONTINUED ACCESS TO AND USE OF FA-
CILITIES .—If the Secretary of the department 
in which the Coast Guard is operating deter-mines, within the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, that a facility on any of Tract 1, Tract 3, or Tract 4 that is transferred under this subtitle is subsequently required to provide a posi-tioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event GPS signals are disrupted, the Secretary may, for as long as such facility is needed to provide redundant capability— 
(1) operate, maintain, keep, locate, inspect, 
repair, and replace such facility; and 
(2) in carrying out the activities described 
in paragraph (1), enter, at any time, the fa-cility without notice to the extent that it is not possible to provide advance notice. 
SEC. 541. PORT COORDINATION COUNCIL FOR 
POINT SPENCER. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a 
Port Coordination Council for the Port of Point Spencer. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Council shall consist 
of a representative appointed by each of the following: 
(1) The State. (2) BSNC. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Council are 
as follows: 
(1) To develop a Port Management Coordi-
nation Plan to help coordinate infrastruc-ture development and operations at the Port of Point Spencer, that includes plans for— 
(A) construction; (B) funding eligibility; (C) land use planning and development; and (D) public interest use and access, emer-
gency preparedness, law enforcement, pro-tection of Alaska Native archaeological and cultural resources, and other matters that are necessary for public and private entities to function in proximity together in a re-mote location. 
(2) Update the Plan annually for the first 5 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially thereafter. 
(3) Facilitate coordination among BSNC, 
the State, and the Coast Guard, on the devel-opment and use of the land and coastline as such development relates to activities at the Port of Point Spencer. 
(4) Assess the need, benefits, efficacy, and 
desirability of establishing in the future a port authority at Point Spencer under State law and act upon that assessment, as appro-priate, including taking steps for the poten-tial formation of such a port authority. 
(d) P
LAN.—In addition to the requirements 
under subsection (c)(1) to the greatest extent practicable, the Plan developed by the Coun-cil shall facilitate and support the statutory missions and duties of the Coast Guard and operations of the Coast Guard in the Arctic. 
(e) C
OSTS.—Operations and management 
costs for airstrips, runways, and taxiways at Point Spencer shall be determined pursuant 
to provisions of the Plan, as negotiated by the Council. 
TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 601. MODIFICATION OF REPORTS. 
(a) D ISTANT WATER TUNA FLEET .—Section 
421(d) of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (46 U.S.C. 8103 note) is amended by striking ‘‘On March 1, 2007, and annually thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than July 1 of each year’’. 
(b) A
NNUAL UPDATES ON LIMITS TO LIABIL -
ITY.—Section 603(c)(3) of the Coast Guard and 
Maritime Transportation Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 2704 note) is amended by striking ‘‘on an annual basis.’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than January 30 of the year following each year in which occurs an oil discharge from a vessel or nonvessel source that results or is likely to result in removal costs and dam-ages (as those terms are defined in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701)) that exceed liability limits established under section 1004 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704).’’. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall sub-mit to the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating a report detailing the specifications and capabilities for interoperable communications the Com-mandant determines are necessary to allow the Coast Guard to successfully carry out its missions that require communications with other Federal agencies, State and local gov-ernments, and nongovernmental entities. 
SEC. 602. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE 
GREAT LAKES. 
The Howard Coble Coast Guard and Mari-
time Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) is amended— 
(1) in section 610, by— (A) striking the section enumerator and 
heading and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 610. SAFE VESSEL OPERATION IN THE 
GREAT LAKES.’’; 
(B) striking ‘‘existing boundaries and any 
future expanded boundaries of the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and Under-water Preserve’’ and inserting ‘‘boundaries of any national marine sanctuary that pre-serves shipwrecks or maritime heritage in the Great Lakes’’; and 
(C) inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, unless the designation docu-ments for such sanctuary do not allow tak-ing up or discharging ballast water in such sanctuary’’; and 
(2) in the table of contents in section 2, by 
striking the item relating to such section and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 610. Safe vessel operation in the Great 
Lakes.’’. 
SEC. 603. USE OF VESSEL SALE PROCEEDS. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct an audit of funds credited in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004 to the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund that are attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sec-tions 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, including— 
(1) a complete accounting of all vessel sale 
proceeds attributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sec-tions 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004; 
(2) the annual apportionment of proceeds 
accounted for under paragraph (1) among the uses authorized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8905 December 18, 2015 
(A) for National Maritime Heritage Grants, 
including a list of all annual National Mari-time Heritage Grant grant and subgrant awards that identifies the respective grant and subgrant recipients and grant and subgrant amounts; 
(B) for the preservation and presentation 
to the public of maritime heritage property of the Maritime Administration; 
(C) to the United States Merchant Marine 
Academy and State maritime academies, in-cluding a list of annual awards; and 
(D) for the acquisition, repair, recondi-
tioning, or improvement of vessels in the Na-tional Defense Reserve Fleet; and 
(3) an accounting of proceeds, if any, at-
tributable to the sale of obsolete vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet that were scrapped or sold under sections 57102, 57103, and 57104 of title 46, United States Code, in each fiscal year after fiscal year 2004, that were expended for uses not author-ized under section 308704 of title 54, United States Code. 
(b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment this Act, the Comptroller General shall sub-mit the audit conducted in subsection (a) to the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 604. NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES 
COST ASSESSMENT. 
(a) C OST ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of 
the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an ar-rangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the Academy, by no later than 365 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an assessment of the costs incurred by the Federal Government to carry out 
polar icebreaking missions. The assessment shall— 
(1) describe current and emerging require-
ments for the Coast Guard’s polar icebreaking capabilities, taking into account the rapidly changing ice cover in the Arctic environment, national security consider-ations, and expanding commercial activities in the Arctic and Antarctic, including ma-rine transportation, energy development, fishing, and tourism; 
(2) identify potential design, procurement, 
leasing, service contracts, crewing, and tech-nology options that could minimize life- cycle costs and optimize efficiency and reli-ability of Coast Guard polar icebreaker oper-ations in the Arctic and Antarctic; and 
(3) examine— (A) Coast Guard estimates of the procure-
ment and operating costs of a Polar ice-
breaker capable of carrying out Coast Guard maritime safety, national security, and stewardship responsibilities including— 
(i) economies of scale that might be 
achieved for construction of multiple ves-sels; and 
(ii) costs of renovating existing polar class 
icebreakers to operate for a period of no less than 10 years. 
(B) the incremental cost to augment the 
design of such an icebreaker for multiuse ca-pabilities for scientific missions; 
(C) the potential to offset such incre-
mental cost through cost-sharing agree-ments with other Federal departments and agencies; and 
(D) United States polar icebreaking capa-
bility in comparison with that of other Arc-tic nations, and with nations that conduct 
research in the Arctic. 
(b) I
NCLUDED COSTS.—For purposes of sub-
section (a), the assessment shall include costs incurred by the Federal Government for— 
(1) the lease or operation and maintenance 
of the vessel or vessels concerned; 
(2) disposal of such vessels at the end of the 
useful life of the vessels; 
(3) retirement and other benefits for Fed-
eral employees who operate such vessels; and 
(4) interest payments assumed to be in-
curred for Federal capital expenditures. 
(c) A
SSUMPTIONS .—For purposes of com-
paring the costs of such alternatives, the Academy shall assume that— 
(1) each vessel under consideration is— (A) capable of breaking out McMurdo Sta-
tion and conducting Coast Guard missions in the Antarctic, and in the United States ter-ritory in the Arctic (as that term is defined in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Pol-icy Act of 1984 (15 U.S.C. 4111)); and 
(B) operated for a period of 30 years; (2) the acquisition of services and the oper-
ation of each vessel begins on the same date; and 
(3) the periods for conducting Coast Guard 
missions in the Arctic are of equal lengths. 
(d) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—In formulating 
cost pursuant to subsection (a), the National Academy of Sciences may utilize informa-tion from other Coast Guard reports, assess-ments, or analyses regarding existing Coast Guard Polar class icebreakers or for the ac-
quisition of a polar icebreaker for the Fed-eral Government. 
SEC. 605. COASTWISE ENDORSEMENTS. 
(a) ‘‘E LETTRA III’’.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 
12112 and 12132, of title 46, United States Code, and subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may issue a certificate of documentation with a coast-wise endorsement for the vessel M/V Elettra 
III (United States official number 694607). 
(2) L
IMITATION ON OPERATION .—Coastwise 
trade authorized under a certificate of docu-mentation issued under paragraph (1) shall be limited to the carriage of passengers and equipment in association with the operation of the vessel in the Puget Sound region to support marine and maritime science edu-cation. 
(3) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS OF CER -
TIFICATE .—A certificate of documentation 
issued under paragraph (1) shall expire on the earlier of— 
(A) the date of the sale of the vessel or the 
entity that owns the vessel; 
(B) the date any repairs or alterations are 
made to the vessel outside of the United States; or 
(C) the date the vessel is no longer oper-
ated as a vessel in the Puget Sound region to support the marine and maritime science education. 
(b) ‘‘F/V R
ONDYS ’’.—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 12132 of title 46, United States Code, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may issue a certifi-cate of documentation with a coastwise en-dorsement for the F/V Rondys (O.N. 291085) 
SEC. 606. INTERNATIONAL ICE PATROL. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes the current operations to perform the International Ice Patrol mission and on al-ternatives for carrying out that mission, in-
cluding satellite surveillance technology. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVES .—The report required by 
subsection (a) shall include whether an alter-native— 
(1) provides timely data on ice conditions 
with the highest possible resolution and ac-curacy; 
(2) is able to operate in all weather condi-
tions or any time of day; and 
(3) is more cost effective than the cost of 
current operations. 
SEC. 607. ASSESSMENT OF OIL SPILL RESPONSE 
AND CLEANUP ACTIVITIES IN THE GREAT LAKES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Commandant of the 
Coast Guard, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration and the head of any other agency the Commandant deter-mines appropriate, shall conduct an assess-ment of the effectiveness of oil spill response activities specific to the Great Lakes. Such assessment shall include— 
(1) an evaluation of new research into oil 
spill impacts in fresh water under a wide range of conditions; and 
(2) an evaluation of oil spill prevention and 
clean up contingency plans, in order to im-prove understanding of oil spill impacts in the Great Lakes and foster innovative im-provements to safety technologies and envi-ronmental protection systems. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Congress a report on the results of the assessment required by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 608. REPORT ON STATUS OF TECHNOLOGY 
DETECTING PASSENGERS WHO HAVE FALLEN OVERBOARD. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) describes the status of technology for 
immediately detecting passengers who have fallen overboard; 
(2) includes a recommendation to cruise 
lines on the feasibility of implementing technology that immediately detects pas-sengers who have fallen overboard, factoring in cost and the risk of false positives; 
(3) includes data collected from cruise lines 
on the status of the integration of the tech-nology described in paragraph (2) on cruise ships, including— 
(A) the number of cruise ships that have 
the technology to capture images of pas-sengers who have fallen overboard; and 
(B) the number of cruise lines that have 
tested technology that can detect passengers who have fallen overboard; and 
(4) includes information on any other 
available technologies that cruise ships could integrate to assist in facilitating the search and rescue of a passenger who has fallen overboard. 
SEC. 609. VENUE. 
Section 311(d) of the Magnuson-Stevens 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1861(d)) is amended by striking the second sentence and inserting ‘‘In the case of Hawaii or any possession of the United States in the Pacific Ocean, the appropriate court is the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii, except that in the case of Guam and Wake Island, the appro-priate court is the United States District Court for the District of Guam, and in the case of the Northern Mariana Islands, the ap-propriate court is the United States District Court for the District of the Northern Mar-iana Islands.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8906 December 18, 2015 
SEC. 610. DISPOSITION OF INFRASTRUCTURE RE-
LATED TO E-LORAN. 
(a) D ISPOSITION OF INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 681. Disposition of infrastructure related to 
E–LORAN 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not 
carry out activities related to the disman-tling or disposal of infrastructure comprising the LORAN–C system until the date on which the Secretary provides to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate notice of a determination by the Sec-retary that such infrastructure is not re-quired to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant ca-pability in the event the Global Positioning System signals are disrupted. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) does not 
apply to activities necessary for the safety of human life. 
‘‘(c) D
ISPOSITION OF PROPERTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On any date after the no-
tification is made under subsection (a), the Administrator of General Services, acting on behalf of the Secretary, may, notwith-standing any other provision of law, sell any real and personal property under the admin-istrative control of the Coast Guard and used for the LORAN–C system, subject to such terms and conditions that the Secretary be-lieves to be necessary to protect government interests and program requirements of the Coast Guard. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF PROCEEDS .— 
‘‘(A) A VAILABILITY OF PROCEEDS .—The pro-
ceeds of such sales, less the costs of sale in-curred by the General Services Administra-tion, shall be deposited as offsetting collec-tions into the Coast Guard ‘Environmental Compliance and Restoration’ account and, without further appropriation, shall be avail-able until expended for— 
‘‘(i) environmental compliance and res-
toration purposes associated with the LORAN–C system; 
‘‘(ii) the costs of securing and maintaining 
equipment that may be used as a backup to the Global Positioning System or to meet any other Federal navigation requirement; 
‘‘(iii) the demolition of improvements on 
such real property; and 
‘‘(iv) the costs associated with the sale of 
such real and personal property, including due diligence requirements, necessary envi-ronmental remediation, and reimbursement of expenses incurred by the General Services Administration. 
‘‘(B) O
THER ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE  
AND RESTORATION ACTIVITIES .—After the com-
pletion of activities described in subpara-graph (A), the unexpended balances of such proceeds shall be available for any other en-vironmental compliance and restoration ac-tivities of the Coast Guard.’’ 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at 
the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘681. Disposition of infrastructure related to 
E–LORAN.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .— 
(A) Section 229 of the Howard Coble Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3040), and the item relating to that section in section 2 of such Act, are repealed. 
(B) Subsection 559(e) of the Department of 
Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–83; 123 Stat. 2180) is repealed. 
(b) A
GREEMENTS TODEVELOP BACKUP POSI-
TIONING , NAVIGATION , AND TIMING SYSTEM .— Section 93(a) of title 14, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semi-colon at the end of paragraph (23), by strik-ing the period at the end of paragraph (24) and inserting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following the following: 
‘‘(25) enter into cooperative agreements, 
contracts, and other agreements with Fed-eral entities and other public or private enti-ties, including academic entities, to develop a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event Global Positioning System signals are dis-rupted, which may consist of an enhanced LORAN system.’’. 
SEC. 611. PARKING. 
Section 611(a) of the Howard Coble Coast 
Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3064) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—Through September 
30, 2017, additional parking made available under paragraph (2) shall be made available at no cost to the Coast Guard or members and employees of the Coast Guard.’’. 
SEC. 612. INAPPLICABILITY OF LOAD LINE RE-
QUIREMENTS TO CERTAIN UNITED STATES VESSELS TRAVELING IN THE GULF OF MEXICO. 
Section 5102(b) of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(13) a vessel of the United States on a do-
mestic voyage that is within the Gulf of Mexico and operating not more than 15 nau-tical miles seaward of the base line from which the territorial sea of the United States is measured between Crystal Bay, Florida and Hudson Creek, Florida.’’. 
SA 2942. Mr. PERDUE (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. C OL-
LINS, and Mr. R EED)) proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 1893, to reau-thorize and improve programs related to mental health and substance use dis-orders; as follows: 
On page 22, line 22, strike ‘‘$23,500,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$30,000,000’’. 
SA 2943. Mr. PERDUE (for Mr. L EE) 
proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1893, to reauthorize and improve pro-grams related to mental health and substance use disorders; as follows: 
On page 22, strike line 2 and insert the fol-
lowing: ‘‘through 2020. 
‘‘(d) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the activities carried out by the center established under subsection (a) during the year involved, including the potential impacts of such activities, and the States, organizations, and institutions that have worked with the center.’’. 
On page 22, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(3) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘2 years 
after the date of enactment of this section,’’ and insert ‘‘2 years after the date of enact-ment of the Mental Health Awareness and Improvement Act of 2015,’’. 
On page 36, after line 15, add the following: 
SEC. 11. PERFORMANCE METRICS. 
(a) E VALUATION OF CURRENT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Eval-uation of the Department of Health and Human Services shall conduct an evaluation of the impact of activities related to the pre-vention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders conducted by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services 
Administration. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The evaluation conducted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the use of performance metrics to evaluate activities carried out by entities receiving grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements related to mental illness or substance use disorders under title V or title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 300w et seq.). 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The evaluation 
conducted under paragraph (1) shall include recommendations for the use of performance metrics to improve the quality of programs related to the prevention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders. 
(b) U
SE OF PERFORMANCE METRICS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, shall ad-vance, through existing programs, the use of performance metrics, taking into consider-ation the recommendations under subsection (a)(3), to improve programs related to the prevention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that Ryan Willbrand, a congressional fellow in Senator K
AINE’s 
office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the session today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GRANTS OVERSIGHT AND NEW 
EFFICIENCY ACT 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 303, S. 1115. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1115) to close out expired, empty 
grant accounts. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grants Over-
sight and New Efficiency Act’’ or the ‘‘GONE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IDENTIFYING AND CLOSING OUT EXPIRED 
GRANTS. 
(a) E XPIRED GRANT REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct the head of each agency, in coordina-tion with the Secretary, to submit to Congress and the Secretary a report, not later than De-cember 31 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, that— 
(A) lists each covered grant held by the 
United States Government; 
(B) recommends which of the covered grants 
described in subparagraph (A) should be closed; and 
(C) for each covered grant, explains why the 
covered grant has not been closed out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.053 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8907 December 18, 2015 
(2) U SE OF DATA SYSTEMS .—An agency may 
use existing multiagency data systems in order to submit the report required under paragraph (1). 
(3) E
XPLANATION OF MISSING INFORMATION .—If 
an agency is unable to submit all of the infor-mation required to be included in the report under paragraph (1), the report shall include an explanation of why the information was not available, including any shortcomings with ex-isting grant data systems. 
(b) N
OTICE FROMAGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the head of an agency sub-mits the report required under subsection (a), the head of the agency shall provide notice to the Secretary specifying whether the head of the agency has closed out grant awards associated with all of the covered grants. 
(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date on which the head of an agency provides notice to the Secretary under paragraph (1), the head of the agency shall pro-vide the same notice to Congress. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘close out’’ means a close out of 
a grant account conducted in accordance with section 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regula-tions, including section 200.343 of such title, or any successor thereto; 
(3) the term ‘‘covered grant’’ means a grant in 
a Federal agency cash payment management system held by the United States Government for which— 
(A) the grant award period of performance, 
including any extensions, has been expired for not less than 2 years; and 
(B) close out has not yet occurred in accord-
ance with section 200.343 of title 2, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor thereto; and 
(4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary 
of Health and Human Services. 
Mr. PERDUE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the committee-reported sub-stitute amendment be withdrawn; that the Fischer substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; that the committee-reported title amendment be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported substitute 
amendment was withdrawn. 
The amendment (No. 2940) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Grants Over-
sight and New Efficiency Act’’ or the ‘‘GONE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. IDENTIFYING AND CLOSING OUT EXPIRED 
FEDERAL GRANT AWARDS. 
(a) E XPIRED FEDERAL GRANT AWARD RE-
PORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall instruct the head of each agency, in coordination with the Secretary, to submit to Congress and the Secretary a report, not later than December 31 of the first calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, that— 
(A) lists each Federal grant award held by 
such agency; 
(B) provides the total number of Federal 
grant awards, including the number of grants— 
(i) by time period of expiration; (ii) with zero dollar balances; and 
(iii) with undisbursed balances; (C) for an agency with Federal grant 
awards, describes the challenges leading to delays in grant closeout; and 
(D) for the 30 oldest Federal grant awards 
of an agency, explains why each Federal grant award has not been closed out. 
(2) U
SE OF DATA SYSTEMS .—An agency may 
use existing multiagency data systems in order to submit the report required under paragraph (1). 
(3) E
XPLANATION OF MISSING INFORMATION .— 
If the head of an agency is unable to submit all of the information required to be in-cluded in the report under paragraph (1), the report shall include an explanation of why the information was not available, including any shortcomings with and plans to improve existing grant systems, including data sys-tems. 
(b) N
OTICE FROMAGENCIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the head of an agency sub-mits the report required under subsection (a), the head of such agency shall provide no-tice to the Secretary specifying whether the head of the agency has closed out grant awards associated with all of the Federal grant awards in the report and which Fed-eral grant awards in the report have not been closed out. 
(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date on which all of the no-tices required pursuant to paragraph (1) have been provided or March 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year described in subsection (a)(1), whichever is sooner, the Secretary shall compile the notices sub-mitted pursuant to paragraph (1) and submit to Congress a report on such notices. 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date on which the head of an agency provides notice to Congress under subsection (b)(2), the Inspector Gen-eral of an agency with more than $500,000,000 in annual grant funding shall conduct a risk assessment to determine if an audit or re-view of the agency’s grant closeout process is warranted. 
(d) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVER-
SIGHT .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date on which the second report is submitted pursuant to subsection (b)(2), the Director of Office of Management and Budget, in con-sultation with the Secretary, shall submit to Congress a report on recommendations, if any, for legislation to improve account-ability and oversight in grants management, including the timely closeout of a Federal grant award. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) C
LOSEOUT .—The term ‘‘closeout’’ means 
a closeout of a Federal grant award con-ducted in accordance with part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, including sec-tions 200.16 and 200.343 of such title, or any successor thereto. 
(3) F
EDERAL GRANT AWARD .—The term 
‘‘Federal grant award’’ means a Federal grant award (as defined in section 200.38(a)(1) of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto), including a coopera-tive agreement, in an agency cash payment management system held by the United States Government for which— 
(A) the grant award period of performance, 
including any extensions, has been expired for more than 2 years; and 
(B) closeout has not yet occurred in ac-
cordance with section 200.343 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. The bill (S. 1115), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
The committee-reported title amend-
ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
close out expired grants.’’. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE WOMEN’S 
VOLLEYBALL TEAM OF WHEEL-ING JESUIT UNIVERSITY ON WIN-NING THE DIVISION II NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 342, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 342) congratulating 
the women’s volleyball team of Wheeling Jesuit University on winning the Division II National Championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. PERDUE. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 342) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROVIDING FOR THE SINE DIE AD-
JOURNMENT OF THE FIRST SES-SION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Chair lay before the Senate H. Con. Res. 104, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 104) 
providing for the sine die adjournment of the first session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 104) was agreed to, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 104 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That when the House ad-
journs on any legislative day from Friday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.058 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8908 December 18, 2015 
December 18, 2015, through Saturday, Janu-
ary 2, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned sine die, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent reso-lution; and that when the Senate adjourns on any day from Friday, December 18, 2015, through Tuesday, December 22, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee, it stand adjourned sine die, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to sec-tion 3 of this concurrent resolution. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 3. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-
ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 4. (a) When the Senate recesses or ad-
journs on any day of the second session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress from Sunday, January 3, 2016, through Friday, January 8, 2016, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it shall stand re-cessed or adjourned until noon on Monday, January 11, 2016, or until such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to re-cess or adjourn, or until the time of any re-assembly pursuant to subsection (b), which-ever occurs first. 
(b) The Majority Leader of the Senate or 
his designee, after concurrence with the Mi-nority Leader of the Senate, shall notify the Members of the Senate to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(c) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (b), when the Senate recesses or ad-journs on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his des-ignee, the Senate shall again stand recessed or adjourned pursuant to subsection (a). 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 4188, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4188) to authorize appropria-
tions for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Thune substitute amendment be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be read a third time. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2941) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I know 
of no further debate on this measure. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If 
there is no further debate, the bill hav-ing been read the third time, the ques-tion is, Shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 4188), as amended, was 
passed. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the ma-jority leader, pursuant to the provi-sions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consulta-tion with the chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, the re-appointment of the following indi-vidual to serve as a member of the United States-China Economic and Se-curity Review Commission: James M. Talent of Missouri for a term expiring December 31, 2017. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences, or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is 
there objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the junior Senator from Arkansas and the junior Senator from West Virginia be author-ized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions on Friday, December 18, 2015, through Monday, January 11, 2016. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2434 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I under-
stand that there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2434) to provide that any execu-
tive action that infringes on the powers and duties of Congress under section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States or on the Second Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States has no force or ef-fect, and to prohibit the use of funds for cer-tain purposes. 
Mr. PERDUE. I now ask for a second 
reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF 
THE CHAIR 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 3:36 p.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 4:21 p.m. when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. B
LUNT ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS 
AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 247, S. 1893. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1893) to reauthorize and improve 
programs related to mental health and sub-stance use disorders. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the Mental Health 
Awareness and Improvement Act of 2015. 
SEC. 2. GARRETT LEE SMITH MEMORIAL ACT RE-
AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) S UICIDE PREVENTION TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE CENTER .—Section 520C of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–34) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking the sec-
tion heading and inserting ‘‘ SUICIDE PRE-
VENTION TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE CEN-TER. ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and in con-
sultation with’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘shall establish a research, training, and tech-nical assistance resource center to provide ap-propriate information, training, and technical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.064 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8909 December 18, 2015 
assistance to States, political subdivisions of 
States, federally recognized Indian tribes, tribal organizations, institutions of higher education, public organizations, or private nonprofit orga-nizations regarding the prevention of suicide among all ages, particularly among groups that are at high risk for suicide.’’; 
(3) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (b); 
(5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (A) by striking the subsection heading and in-
serting ‘‘R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CENTER .’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘The additional research’’ and all that follows through ‘‘nonprofit organizations for’’ and inserting ‘‘The center established under subsection (a) shall conduct activities for the purpose of’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘youth suicide’’ each place 
such term appears and inserting ‘‘suicide’’; 
(D) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the development or continu-
ation of’’ and inserting ‘‘developing and con-tinuing’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘for all ages, particularly 
among groups that are at high risk for suicide’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(E) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘for all 
ages, particularly among groups that are at high risk for suicide’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(F) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and trib-
al’’ after ‘‘statewide’’; 
(G) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and pre-
vention’’ after ‘‘intervention’’; 
(H) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘in youth’’; (I) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and behav-
ioral health’’ and inserting ‘‘health and sub-stance use disorder’’; and 
(J) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘con-
ducting’’ before ‘‘other’’; and 
(6) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
(b) Y
OUTH SUICIDE EARLY INTERVENTION AND  
PREVENTION STRATEGIES .—Section 520E of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) and in 
subsection (c), by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘each State is awarded only 1 
grant or cooperative agreement under this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘a State does not receive more than 1 grant or cooperative agreement under this section at any 1 time’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘been awarded’’ and inserting 
‘‘received’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (m) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(m) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $23,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
(c) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USEDIS-
ORDER SERVICES .—Section 520E–2 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36b) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ AND 
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH ’’ and inserting 
‘‘HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DIS-
ORDER ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Services,’’ and inserting 
‘‘Services and’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health prob-
lems’’ and inserting ‘‘health or substance use disorders’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘substance use disorders’’; (3) in subsection (b)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘for—’’ and inserting ‘‘for one or more of the following:’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (6) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) Educating students, families, faculty, 
and staff to increase awareness of mental health and substance use disorders. 
‘‘(2) The operation of hotlines. ‘‘(3) Preparing informational material. ‘‘(4) Providing outreach services to notify stu-
dents about available mental health and sub-stance use disorder services. 
‘‘(5) Administering voluntary mental health 
and substance use disorder screenings and as-sessments. 
‘‘(6) Supporting the training of students, fac-
ulty, and staff to respond effectively to students with mental health and substance use disorders. 
‘‘(7) Creating a network infrastructure to link 
colleges and universities with health care pro-viders who treat mental health and substance use disorders.’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘substance 
abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’; 
(5) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘An institution of higher education de-siring a grant under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘To be eligible to receive a grant under this sec-tion, an institution of higher education’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health’’ and 
inserting ‘‘health and substance use disorder’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, including veterans when-
ever possible and appropriate,’’ after ‘‘stu-dents’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, which 
may include, as appropriate and in accordance with subsection (b)(7), a plan to seek input from relevant stakeholders in the community, includ-ing appropriate public and private entities, in order to carry out the program under the grant’’ before the period at the end; 
(6) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and be-
havioral health problems’’ and inserting ‘‘health and substance use disorders’’; 
(7) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health’’ and 
inserting ‘‘health and substance use disorder’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘suicide and substance abuse’’ 
and inserting ‘‘suicide and substance use dis-orders’’; and 
(8) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 
for fiscal year 2005’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$6,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 3. MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS TRAINING 
GRANTS. 
Section 520J of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 290bb–41) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ MEN-
TAL HEALTH AWARENESS ’’ before ‘‘ TRAIN-
ING’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘I
LLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘H EALTH ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and other 
categories of individuals, as determined by the Secretary,’’ after ‘‘emergency services per-sonnel’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘to’’ and inserting ‘‘for evidence- based programs for the purpose of’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (C) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) recognizing the signs and symptoms of 
mental illness; and 
‘‘(B)(i) providing education to personnel re-
garding resources available in the community for individuals with a mental illness and other relevant resources; or 
‘‘(ii) the safe de-escalation of crisis situations 
involving individuals with a mental illness.’’; and (D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘, 
$25,000,000’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 4. CHILDREN’S RECOVERY FROM TRAUMA. 
Section 582 of the Public Health Service Act 
(42 U.S.C. 290hh–1) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘developing 
programs’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘developing and maintaining programs that provide for— 
‘‘(1) the continued operation of the National 
Child Traumatic Stress Initiative (referred to in this section as the ‘NCTSI’), which includes a cooperative agreement with a coordinating cen-ter, that focuses on the mental, behavioral, and biological aspects of psychological trauma re-sponse, prevention of the long-term con-sequences of child trauma, and early interven-tion services and treatment to address the long- term consequences of child trauma; and 
‘‘(2) the development of knowledge with re-
gard to evidence-based practices for identifying and treating mental, behavioral, and biological disorders of children and youth resulting from witnessing or experiencing a traumatic event.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) related’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2) (related’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘treating disorders associated 
with psychological trauma’’ and inserting ‘‘treating mental, behavioral, and biological dis-orders associated with psychological trauma)’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘mental health agencies and 
programs that have established clinical and basic research’’ and inserting ‘‘universities, hos-pitals, mental health agencies, and other pro-grams that have established clinical expertise and research’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (c) through 
(g) as subsections (g) through (k), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (b), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) C
HILD OUTCOME DATA.—The NCTSI co-
ordinating center shall collect, analyze, and re-port NCTSI-wide child treatment process and outcome data regarding the early identification and delivery of evidence-based treatment and services for children and families served by the NCTSI grantees. 
‘‘(d) T
RAINING .—The NCTSI coordinating cen-
ter shall facilitate the coordination of training initiatives in evidence-based and trauma-in-formed treatments, interventions, and practices offered to NCTSI grantees, providers, and part-ners. 
‘‘(e) D
ISSEMINATION AND COLLABORATION .— 
The NCTSI coordinating center shall, as appro-priate, collaborate with— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary, in the dissemination of evi-
dence-based and trauma-informed interventions, treatments, products, and other resources to ap-propriate stakeholders; and 
‘‘(2) appropriate agencies that conduct or 
fund research within the Department of Health and Human Services, for purposes of sharing NCTSI expertise, evaluation data, and other ac-tivities, as appropriate. 
‘‘(f) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall, consistent 
with the peer review process, ensure that NCTSI applications are reviewed by appropriate experts in the field as part of a consensus review proc-ess. The Secretary shall include review criteria related to expertise and experience in child trau-ma and evidence-based practices.’’; 
(5) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘with respect to centers of excellence are distributed equitably among the regions of the country’’ and inserting ‘‘are distributed eq-uitably among the regions of the United States’’; 
(6) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘recipient may not exceed 5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘recipient shall not be less than 4 years, but shall not exceed 5 years’’; and 
(7) in subsection (j) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and all that follows 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.065 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8910 December 18, 2015 
through ‘‘2006’’ and inserting ‘‘$46,000,000 for 
each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. 
SEC. 5. ASSESSING BARRIERS TO BEHAVIORAL 
HEALTH INTEGRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives concerning Federal require-ments that impact access to treatment of mental health and substance use disorders related to in-tegration with primary care, administrative and regulatory issues, quality measurement and ac-countability, and data sharing. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An evaluation of the administrative or reg-
ulatory burden on behavioral health care pro-viders. 
(2) The identification of outcome and quality 
measures relevant to integrated health care, evaluation of the data collection burden on be-havioral health care providers, and any alter-native methods for evaluation. 
(3) An analysis of the degree to which elec-
tronic data standards, including interoperability and meaningful use includes behavioral health measures, and an analysis of strategies to ad-dress barriers to health information exchange posed by part 2 of title 42, Code of Federal Reg-ulations. 
(4) An analysis of the degree to which Federal 
rules and regulations for behavioral and phys-ical health care are aligned, including rec-ommendations to address any identified bar-riers. 
(5) An analysis of the challenges to behavioral 
health and primary care integration faced by providers in rural areas. 
SEC. 6. INCREASING EDUCATION AND AWARE-
NESS OF TREATMENTS FOR OPIOID USE DISORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to improve the 
quality of care delivery and treatment outcomes among patients with opioid use disorders, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), act-ing through the Administrator for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administra-tion, may advance, through existing programs as appropriate, the education and awareness of providers, patients, and other appropriate stakeholders regarding all products approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat opioid use disorders. 
(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities described in 
subsection (a) may include— 
(1) disseminating evidence-based practices for 
the treatment of opioid use disorders; 
(2) facilitating continuing education programs 
for health professionals involved in treating opioid use disorders; 
(3) increasing awareness among relevant 
stakeholders of the treatment of opioid use dis-orders; 
(4) assessing current barriers to the treatment 
of opioid use disorders for patients and pro-viders and development and implementation of strategies to mitigate such barriers; and 
(5) continuing innovative approaches to the 
treatment of opioid use disorders in various treatment settings, such as prisons, community mental health centers, primary care, and hos-pitals. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, if the Secretary carries out the activities under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives a report that examines— 
(1) the activities the Substance Abuse and 
Mental Health Services Administration conducts under this section, including any potential im-pacts on health care costs associated with such activities; (2) the role of adherence in the treatment of 
opioid use disorders and methods to reduce opioid use disorders; and 
(3) recommendations on priorities and strate-
gies to address co-occurring substance use dis-orders and mental illnesses. 
SEC. 7. EXAMINING MENTAL HEALTH CARE FOR 
CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall con-duct an independent evaluation, and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives, a report concerning the utilization of mental health services for children, including the usage of psychotropic medications. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall review and assess— 
(1) the ways in which children access mental 
health care, including information on whether children are treated by primary care or specialty providers, what types of referrals for additional care are recommended, and any barriers to ac-cessing this care; 
(2) the extent to which children are prescribed 
psychotropic medications in the United States including the frequency of concurrent medica-tion usage; and 
(3) the tools, assessments, and medications 
that are available and used to diagnose and treat children with mental health disorders. 
SEC. 8. EVIDENCE BASED PRACTICES FOR OLDER 
ADULTS. 
Section 520A(e) of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb-32(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) G
ERIATRIC MENTAL HEALTH DISORDERS .— 
The Secretary shall, as appropriate, provide technical assistance to grantees regarding evi-dence-based practices for the prevention and treatment of geriatric mental health disorders and co-occurring mental health and substance use disorders among geriatric populations, as well as disseminate information about such evi-dence-based practices to States and nongrantees throughout the United States.’’. 
SEC. 9. NATIONAL VIOLENT DEATH REPORTING 
SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services, 
acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is encouraged to improve, particularly through the inclusion of additional States, the National Violent Death Reporting System as authorized by title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.). Participation in the system by the States shall be voluntary. 
SEC. 10. GAO STUDY ON VIRGINIA TECH REC-
OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall con-duct an independent evaluation, and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report concerning the status of implementation of rec-ommendations made in the report to the Presi-dent, On Issues Raised by the Virginia Tech Tragedy, by the Secretaries of Health and Human Services and Education and the Attor-ney General of the United States, submitted to the President on June 13, 2007. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report submitted to the 
committees of Congress under subsection (a) shall review and assess— 
(1) the extent to which the recommendations 
in the report that include participation by the Department of Health and Human Services were implemented; 
(2) whether there are any barriers to imple-
mentation of such recommendations; and 
(3) identification of any additional actions the 
Federal government can take to support States and local communities and ensure that the Fed-eral government and Federal law are not obsta-cles to addressing at the community level— (A) school violence; and 
(B) mental illness. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Mur-kowski amendment and the Lee amendment, which are at the desk, be agreed to; that the substitute amend-ment, as amended, be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2942) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To increase amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for youth suicide early intervention and prevention strategies grants) 
On page 22, line 22, strike ‘‘$23,500,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$30,000,000’’. 
The amendment (No. 2943) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for improved reporting) 
On page 22, strike line 2 and insert the fol-
lowing: ‘‘through 2020. 
‘‘(d) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the activities carried out by the center established under subsection (a) during the year involved, including the potential impacts of such activities, and the States, organizations, and institutions that have worked with the center.’’. 
On page 22, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
(3) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘2 years 
after the date of enactment of this section,’’ and insert ‘‘2 years after the date of enact-ment of the Mental Health Awareness and Improvement Act of 2015,’’. 
On page 36, after line 15, add the following: 
SEC. 11. PERFORMANCE METRICS. 
(a) E VALUATION OF CURRENT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Eval-uation of the Department of Health and Human Services shall conduct an evaluation of the impact of activities related to the pre-vention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders conducted by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The evaluation conducted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the use of performance metrics to evaluate activities carried out by entities receiving grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements related to mental illness or substance use disorders under title V or title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 300w et seq.). 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The evaluation 
conducted under paragraph (1) shall include recommendations for the use of performance metrics to improve the quality of programs related to the prevention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders. 
(b) U
SE OF PERFORMANCE METRICS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, shall ad-vance, through existing programs, the use of performance metrics, taking into consider-ation the recommendations under subsection (a)(3), to improve programs related to the prevention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:37 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.065 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8911 December 18, 2015 
The committee amendment in the 
nature of a substitute, as amended, was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 1893), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1893 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the Mental 
Health Awareness and Improvement Act of 2015. 
SEC. 2. GARRETT LEE SMITH MEMORIAL ACT RE-
AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) S UICIDE PREVENTION TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE CENTER .—Section 520C of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–34) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking the 
section heading and inserting ‘‘
SUICIDE PRE -
VENTION TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE CENTER .’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and in 
consultation with’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘shall establish a research, training, and technical assistance resource center to provide appropriate information, training, and technical assistance to States, political subdivisions of States, federally recognized Indian tribes, tribal organiza-tions, institutions of higher education, pub-lic organizations, or private nonprofit orga-nizations regarding the prevention of suicide among all ages, particularly among groups that are at high risk for suicide.’’; 
(3) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (b); 
(5) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (A) by striking the subsection heading and 
inserting ‘‘R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CEN-
TER.’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘The additional research’’ and all that follows through ‘‘nonprofit organiza-tions for’’ and inserting ‘‘The center estab-lished under subsection (a) shall conduct ac-tivities for the purpose of’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘youth suicide’’ each place 
such term appears and inserting ‘‘suicide’’; 
(D) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the development or con-
tinuation of’’ and inserting ‘‘developing and continuing’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘for all ages, particularly 
among groups that are at high risk for sui-cide’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(E) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘for all 
ages, particularly among groups that are at high risk for suicide’’ before the semicolon at the end; 
(F) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and trib-
al’’ after ‘‘statewide’’; 
(G) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and pre-
vention’’ after ‘‘intervention’’; 
(H) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘in 
youth’’; 
(I) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and be-
havioral health’’ and inserting ‘‘health and substance use disorder’’; and 
(J) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘con-
ducting’’ before ‘‘other’’; and 
(6) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the activities carried out by the center established under subsection 
(a) during the year involved, including the potential impacts of such activities, and the States, organizations, and institutions that have worked with the center.’’. 
(b) Y
OUTH SUICIDE EARLY INTERVENTION  
AND PREVENTION STRATEGIES .—Section 520E 
of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–36) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) and in 
subsection (c), by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘each State is awarded 
only 1 grant or cooperative agreement under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘a State does not receive more than 1 grant or cooperative agreement under this section at any 1 time’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘been awarded’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘received’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘2 years 
after the date of enactment of this section,’’ and insert ‘‘2 years after the date of enact-ment of the Mental Health Awareness and 
Improvement Act of 2015,’’. 
(4) by striking subsection (m) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(m) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
(c) M
ENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE 
DISORDER SERVICES .—Section 520E–2 of the 
Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb– 36b) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
BEHAVIORAL HEALTH ’’ and inserting ‘‘ HEALTH  
AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Services,’’ and inserting 
‘‘Services and’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health 
problems’’ and inserting ‘‘health or sub-stance use disorders’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘substance abuse’’ and in-
serting ‘‘substance use disorders’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘for—’’ and inserting ‘‘for one or more of the following:’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (6) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) Educating students, families, faculty, 
and staff to increase awareness of mental health and substance use disorders. 
‘‘(2) The operation of hotlines. ‘‘(3) Preparing informational material. ‘‘(4) Providing outreach services to notify 
students about available mental health and substance use disorder services. 
‘‘(5) Administering voluntary mental 
health and substance use disorder screenings and assessments. 
‘‘(6) Supporting the training of students, 
faculty, and staff to respond effectively to students with mental health and substance use disorders. 
‘‘(7) Creating a network infrastructure to 
link colleges and universities with health care providers who treat mental health and substance use disorders.’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘sub-
stance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’; 
(5) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘An institution of higher edu-cation desiring a grant under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, an institution of higher education’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health’’ and 
inserting ‘‘health and substance use dis-order’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including veterans 
whenever possible and appropriate,’’ after ‘‘students’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, which 
may include, as appropriate and in accord-ance with subsection (b)(7), a plan to seek input from relevant stakeholders in the com-munity, including appropriate public and private entities, in order to carry out the program under the grant’’ before the period at the end; 
(6) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and be-
havioral health problems’’ and inserting ‘‘health and substance use disorders’’; 
(7) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘and behavioral health’’ 
and inserting ‘‘health and substance use dis-order’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘suicide and substance 
abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘suicide and substance use disorders’’; and 
(8) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 
for fiscal year 2005’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$6,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 3. MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS TRAINING 
GRANTS. 
Section 520J of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–41) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS ’’ before ‘‘ TRAIN -
ING’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘I
LLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘H EALTH ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and 
other categories of individuals, as deter-mined by the Secretary,’’ after ‘‘emergency services personnel’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘to’’ and inserting ‘‘for evi-dence-based programs for the purpose of’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) recognizing the signs and symptoms 
of mental illness; and 
‘‘(B)(i) providing education to personnel re-
garding resources available in the commu-nity for individuals with a mental illness and other relevant resources; or 
‘‘(ii) the safe de-escalation of crisis situa-
tions involving individuals with a mental ill-ness.’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘, 
$25,000,000’’ and all that follows through the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘$15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
SEC. 4. CHILDREN’S RECOVERY FROM TRAUMA. 
Section 582 of the Public Health Service 
Act (42 U.S.C. 290hh–1) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘devel-
oping programs’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘developing and maintaining programs that provide for— 
‘‘(1) the continued operation of the Na-
tional Child Traumatic Stress Initiative (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘NCTSI’), which includes a cooperative agreement with a coordinating center, that focuses on the mental, behavioral, and biological aspects of psychological trauma response, prevention of the long-term consequences of child trau-ma, and early intervention services and treatment to address the long-term con-sequences of child trauma; and 
‘‘(2) the development of knowledge with re-
gard to evidence-based practices for identi-fying and treating mental, behavioral, and biological disorders of children and youth re-sulting from witnessing or experiencing a traumatic event.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) related’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2) (related’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18DE6.084 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8912 December 18, 2015 
(B) by striking ‘‘treating disorders associ-
ated with psychological trauma’’ and insert-ing ‘‘treating mental, behavioral, and bio-logical disorders associated with psycho-logical trauma)’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘mental health agencies 
and programs that have established clinical and basic research’’ and inserting ‘‘univer-sities, hospitals, mental health agencies, and other programs that have established clin-ical expertise and research’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (g) as subsections (g) through (k), respectively; 
(4) by inserting after subsection (b), the 
following: 
‘‘(c) C
HILD OUTCOME DATA.—The NCTSI co-
ordinating center shall collect, analyze, and report NCTSI-wide child treatment process and outcome data regarding the early identi-fication and delivery of evidence-based treat-ment and services for children and families served by the NCTSI grantees. 
‘‘(d) T
RAINING .—The NCTSI coordinating 
center shall facilitate the coordination of training initiatives in evidence-based and trauma-informed treatments, interventions, and practices offered to NCTSI grantees, pro-viders, and partners. 
‘‘(e) D
ISSEMINATION AND COLLABORATION .— 
The NCTSI coordinating center shall, as ap-propriate, collaborate with— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary, in the dissemination of 
evidence-based and trauma-informed inter-ventions, treatments, products, and other re-sources to appropriate stakeholders; and 
‘‘(2) appropriate agencies that conduct or 
fund research within the Department of Health and Human Services, for purposes of sharing NCTSI expertise, evaluation data, and other activities, as appropriate. 
‘‘(f) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall, con-
sistent with the peer review process, ensure that NCTSI applications are reviewed by ap-propriate experts in the field as part of a consensus review process. The Secretary shall include review criteria related to ex-pertise and experience in child trauma and evidence-based practices.’’; 
(5) in subsection (g) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘with respect to centers of excel-lence are distributed equitably among the regions of the country’’ and inserting ‘‘are 
distributed equitably among the regions of the United States’’; 
(6) in subsection (i) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘recipient may not exceed 5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘recipient shall not be less than 4 years, but shall not exceed 5 years’’; and 
(7) in subsection (j) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2006’’ and inserting ‘‘$46,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. 
SEC. 5. ASSESSING BARRIERS TO BEHAVIORAL 
HEALTH INTEGRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives concerning Federal requirements that impact access to treatment of mental health and substance use disorders related to inte-gration with primary care, administrative and regulatory issues, quality measurement and accountability, and data sharing. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An evaluation of the administrative or 
regulatory burden on behavioral health care providers. 
(2) The identification of outcome and qual-
ity measures relevant to integrated health care, evaluation of the data collection bur-den on behavioral health care providers, and any alternative methods for evaluation. (3) An analysis of the degree to which elec-
tronic data standards, including interoper-ability and meaningful use includes behav-ioral health measures, and an analysis of strategies to address barriers to health infor-mation exchange posed by part 2 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(4) An analysis of the degree to which Fed-
eral rules and regulations for behavioral and physical health care are aligned, including recommendations to address any identified barriers. 
(5) An analysis of the challenges to behav-
ioral health and primary care integration faced by providers in rural areas. 
SEC. 6. INCREASING EDUCATION AND AWARE-
NESS OF TREATMENTS FOR OPIOID USE DISORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to improve the 
quality of care delivery and treatment out-comes among patients with opioid use dis-orders, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), acting through the Adminis-trator for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, may ad-vance, through existing programs as appro-priate, the education and awareness of pro-viders, patients, and other appropriate stakeholders regarding all products approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat opioid use disorders. 
(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities described in 
subsection (a) may include— 
(1) disseminating evidence-based practices 
for the treatment of opioid use disorders; 
(2) facilitating continuing education pro-
grams for health professionals involved in treating opioid use disorders; 
(3) increasing awareness among relevant 
stakeholders of the treatment of opioid use disorders; 
(4) assessing current barriers to the treat-
ment of opioid use disorders for patients and providers and development and implementa-tion of strategies to mitigate such barriers; and 
(5) continuing innovative approaches to 
the treatment of opioid use disorders in var-ious treatment settings, such as prisons, community mental health centers, primary care, and hospitals. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, if the Sec-retary carries out the activities under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report that examines— 
(1) the activities the Substance Abuse and 
Mental Health Services Administration con-ducts under this section, including any po-tential impacts on health care costs associ-ated with such activities; 
(2) the role of adherence in the treatment 
of opioid use disorders and methods to re-duce opioid use disorders; and 
(3) recommendations on priorities and 
strategies to address co-occurring substance use disorders and mental illnesses. 
SEC. 7. EXAMINING MENTAL HEALTH CARE FOR 
CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an independent evaluation, and submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report concerning the utilization of mental health services for children, including the usage of psychotropic medications. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report submitted under 
subsection (a) shall review and assess— 
(1) the ways in which children access men-
tal health care, including information on whether children are treated by primary care 
or specialty providers, what types of refer-rals for additional care are recommended, and any barriers to accessing this care; 
(2) the extent to which children are pre-
scribed psychotropic medications in the United States including the frequency of concurrent medication usage; and 
(3) the tools, assessments, and medications 
that are available and used to diagnose and treat children with mental health disorders. 
SEC. 8. EVIDENCE BASED PRACTICES FOR OLDER 
ADULTS. 
Section 520A(e) of the Public Health Serv-
ice Act (42 U.S.C. 290bb–32(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) G
ERIATRIC MENTAL HEALTH DIS -
ORDERS .—The Secretary shall, as appro-
priate, provide technical assistance to grant-ees regarding evidence-based practices for the prevention and treatment of geriatric mental health disorders and co-occurring mental health and substance use disorders among geriatric populations, as well as dis-seminate information about such evidence- based practices to States and nongrantees throughout the United States.’’. 
SEC. 9. NATIONAL VIOLENT DEATH REPORTING 
SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Health and Human Serv-
ices, acting through the Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention, is encouraged to improve, particularly through the inclusion of additional States, the Na-tional Violent Death Reporting System as authorized by title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.). Participa-tion in the system by the States shall be vol-untary. 
SEC. 10. GAO STUDY ON VIRGINIA TECH REC-
OMMENDATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an independent evaluation, and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report concerning the status of implementation of recommendations made in the report to the President, On Issues Raised by the Virginia Tech Tragedy, by the Secretaries of Health and Human Services and Education and the Attorney General of the United States, submitted to the Presi-dent on June 13, 2007. 
(b) C
ONTENT .—The report submitted to the 
committees of Congress under subsection (a) shall review and assess— 
(1) the extent to which the recommenda-
tions in the report that include participation by the Department of Health and Human Services were implemented; 
(2) whether there are any barriers to imple-
mentation of such recommendations; and 
(3) identification of any additional actions 
the Federal government can take to support States and local communities and ensure that the Federal government and Federal law are not obstacles to addressing at the community level— 
(A) school violence; and (B) mental illness. 
SEC. 11. PERFORMANCE METRICS. 
(a) E VALUATION OF CURRENT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Eval-uation of the Department of Health and Human Services shall conduct an evaluation of the impact of activities related to the pre-vention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders conducted by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The evaluation conducted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the use of performance metrics to evaluate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.066 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S8913 December 18, 2015 
activities carried out by entities receiving 
grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements related to mental illness or substance use disorders under title V or title XIX of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 300w et seq.). 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The evaluation 
conducted under paragraph (1) shall include recommendations for the use of performance metrics to improve the quality of programs related to the prevention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders. 
(b) U
SE OF PERFORMANCE METRICS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Admin-istrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, shall ad-vance, through existing programs, the use of performance metrics, taking into consider-ation the recommendations under subsection (a)(3), to improve programs related to the prevention and treatment of mental illness and substance use disorders. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 332, 333, 383, 424, 432, and 438. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomina-
tions en bloc: 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of David Mal-colm Robinson, of Connecticut, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization; David Malcolm Robin-son, of Connecticut, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Sta-bilization Operations); Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Direc-tor of the United States Geological Survey; Carlos J. Torres, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps; Shoshana Miriam Lew, of the District of Columbia, to be Chief Fi-nancial Officer, Department of Trans-portation; and Patrick Joseph Murphy, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of the Army. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to 
consider the nominations en bloc. 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate vote en bloc without intervening ac-tion or debate on the nominations in the order listed; that following disposi-tion of the nominations, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order to any of the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; 
that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the Robinson, Kimball, Torres, Lew, and Murphy nominations en bloc? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
NOMINATIONS REMAINING IN 
STATUS QUO 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, as in 
executive session, I ask unanimous consent that all the nominations re-ceived by the Senate during the 114th Congress, first session, remain in sta-tus quo, notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXXI, paragraph 6, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, with the exception of PN128 and PN214. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 
4, 2016, AND MONDAY, JANUARY 11, 2016 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it stand adjourned pursuant to the provi-sions of H. Con. Res. 104 until January 4, 2016, and pursuant to the terms of H.J. Res. 76, and that on January 4, the Senate convene at noon for a pro forma session only with no business con-ducted; further, that when the Senate adjourns on January 4, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 104, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m., Monday, January 11, 2016; that following the prayer and pledge on January 11, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader re-marks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 5 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE 
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 4:25 p.m., adjourned sine die. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION  
MORTON H. HALPERIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF 
TWO YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
MICHAEL O. JOHANNS, OF NEBRASKA, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF THREE YEARS, VICE LORNE W. CRANER, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
ADAM H. STERLING, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SLOVAK REPUBLIC. 
NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
DAIN BORGES, OF PUERTO RICO, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE MARVIN KRISLOV, TERM EXPIRED. 
THAVOLIA GLYMPH, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMAN-ITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE ROLENA KLAHN ADORNO, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEBORAH WONG, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE NATIONAL COUNCIL ON THE HUMANITIES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 26, 2020, VICE ADELE LOGAN ALEXANDER, TERM EXPIRED. 
f 
NOMINATIONS RETURNED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
The following nominations trans-
mitted by the President of the United States to the Senate during the first session of the 114th Congress, and upon which no action was had at the time of the sine die adjournment of the Senate, failed of confirmation under the provi-sions of Rule XXXI, paragraph 6, of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
STUART F. DELERY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE ASSOCIATE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
CONO R. NAMORATO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate December 18, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DAVID MALCOLM ROBINSON, OF CONNECTICUT, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE COORDINATOR FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND STABILIZATION. 
DAVID MALCOLM ROBINSON, OF CONNECTICUT, A CA-
REER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER-COUNSELOR, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (CONFLICT AND STABILIZATION OPERATIONS). 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
SUZETTE M. KIMBALL, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE DI-
RECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY. 
PEACE CORPS  
CARLOS J. TORRES, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY DI-
RECTOR OF THE PEACE CORPS. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
SHOSHANA MIRIAM LEW, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
PATRICK JOSEPH MURPHY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE 
UNDER SECRETARY OF THE ARMY. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on Decem-ber 18, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
ADEWALE ADEYEMO, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AN AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE MARISA LAGO, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 16, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:46 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A18DE6.066 S18DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1823 December 18, 2015 
TRIBUTE TO THE LEGISLATIVE 
COUNSEL 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to thank our legislative counsel for all their help over the past few weeks, starting with Sandra Strokoff and Ed Grossman. 
I also want to thank all the senior and as-
sistant counsels for their hard work: Tom Cas-sidy, Ryan Greenlaw, and Justin Gross on ap-propriations; Henry Christrup, Wade Ballou, and Scott Probst on taxes; Paul Callen, Mar-shall Barksdale, and Veena Srinivasa on housing and financial services; Hallet Brazelton, Megan Chasnoff, and Susan Fleishman on the 9/11 VCF and immigration; Jessica Shapiro, Warren Burke, Ed Grossman, Jesse Cross, and Michelle Vanek on the WTC health program; Bob Weinhagen on budget; Lucy Goss on social security; Hank Savage on oceans and coastal security; and Tony Sciascia and Hadley Ross on intelligence. 
Then there are the drafters who worked 
nights and weekends to produce all the other major legislation: Curt Haensel, Rosemary Gallagher, Tom Dillon, Karen Anderson, Tim Brown, Sally Walker, Brady Young, and Chris Osborne on the highway bill; Sherry Chriss, Greg Kostka, Hadley Ross, Tony Sciascia, and Mark Synnes on the defense bill; Susan Fleishman, Anna Shpak, and Brendan Galla-gher on the education bill; and Sandy Strokoff, Mark Synnes, and Mat Eckstein on trade and customs bills. 
Finally I want to thank all the office’s sup-
port staff: Nancy McNeillie, Debby Birch, Kelly Meryweather, Elonda Rich, Tomas Contreras, Miekl Joyner, Ashley Anderson, Joe Birch, Angelina Patton, Craig Sterkx, Tom Meryweather, and Matthew Loggie. 
f 
TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF JOHN L. 
MARTIN 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the extraordinary leadership of John Martin and wish him every blessing in retire-ment as he steps down in 2016 from a distin-guished career. 
John Martin has served as the leader of our 
nation’s seventh busiest airport, San Francisco International (SFO) for two decades. It has been my pleasure and good fortune to have worked cooperatively with him throughout his career at SFO and I consider it a privilege to know him and call him my friend. 
John Martin served for 15 years as Deputy 
Airport Director for Business and Finance at SFO and was appointed Airport Director in 1995 by Mayor Frank Jordan, and served as 
CEO under three subsequent mayors. Under his wise leadership, John Martin has added immensely to the economic vitality of our re-gion, completing the $3.5 billion International Terminal, raising the wages of service and se-curity workers at SFO, and reducing the Air-port’s greenhouse gas emissions by 34 per-cent from 1990 levels. He worked to extend BART to SFO, built new parking garages and the Air Train people mover. During his tenure the airport added 25 new international carriers and currently serves nearly 50 million pas-sengers a year. He opened the first LEED Gold airport terminal in the world, and has maintained SFO’s leadership in safety and se-curity practices. He created a culture of health and wellness among employees and provided unique guest services, making SFO the top concession revenue producer per passenger in the U.S. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-
resentatives to join me in honoring John L. Martin for his extraordinary leadership of San Francisco International Airport, for the superb contributions he has made and the challenges he met over two decades. Today’s SFO is a masterpiece of vision for the 21st century and I think John Martin is a national treasure. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF JOHN ‘‘HOT ROD’’ WILLIAMS 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the life of John ‘‘Hot Rod’’ Williams, a prolific professional basketball player and Louisiana native. Mr. Williams passed away on December 11, 2015, at the age of 53. 
Mr. Williams was born on August 9, 1962 in 
Sorrento, Louisiana. His family gave him the nickname Hot Rod for the engine-like sounds he made when he moved about as a baby. As a rising athlete, he played basketball at St. Amant High School before signing with Tulane University. 
While playing at Tulane, Mr. Williams was a 
three-time All-Metro Conference selection, averaging 16 points and seven rebounds. As a junior in 1984, Mr. Williams was the Metro Conference Player of the Year. Mr. Williams remains fourth in Tulane’s career scoring with 1,841 points and second in 20-point games with 36. 
In 1986, Mr. Williams joined the Cleveland 
Cavaliers where he was named to the All- Rookie team for the 1986–87 season. He would spend his first nine NBA seasons with the Cavaliers, averaging 11 points and 6.8 re-bounds for his career. Mr. Williams was a cen-tral figure for the 1988–89 Cavaliers team, which went 57–25 during the regular season, where Michael Jordan’s famous last-second jump shot in Game 5 eliminated them in the first-round series. Mr. Williams concluded his 13-year professional career playing with the 
Phoenix Suns and Dallas Mavericks. 
An active member of the National Basketball 
Retired Players Association, Mr. Williams loved the game of basketball and always tried to give back. Described as a kid from a small town in Louisiana who never changed, the Cavaliers team remembers the basketball star as a ‘‘talented, unselfish, and versatile player and person that earned the respect of every-one around him.’’ The Suns described Mr. Wil-liams as a ‘‘humble and gracious man, willing to share his time and fun-loving nature with anyone.’’ 
Mr. Williams may have lost his fight to can-
cer but his spirit will remain a part of the Sor-rento community. Stories like his will show generations of Americans the impact of gen-uine personality and hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy 
of Mr. Williams, a beloved father and example to aspiring athletes everywhere. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Mr. M ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I was dis-
appointed to see there was no language in the Omnibus to delay the implementation of the Department of Labor’s fiduciary proposal and allow the bipartisan proposal in the House to codify a workable fiduciary that would truly protect savers. 
The Department of Labor’s (DOL) proposed 
fiduciary standard is a well-intentioned but poorly conceived proposal. I’ve expressed concern with a number of issues in the pro-posal in the past but I’d like to focus on the Department of Labor’s legal authority over IRAs in my comments today. 
Congress explicitly designated employer- 
sponsored plans to the fiduciary standard under ERISA. Congress also explicitly des-ignated IRAs to be governed by the Internal Revenue Code’s prohibited transaction rules. 
DOL is simply not legally permitted to exert 
jurisdiction over IRA rollovers and to apply a fiduciary standard to IRAs without Congres-sional approval. Congress has amended ERISA and the tax code multiple times and has chosen repeatedly not to make this change. It is not legally permissible for an unelected bureaucrat from DOL to make that decision for the Congress, and the people we’ve been elected to represent back home. 
There are already a number of federal 
agencies that do have the authority to regulate financial transactions over individual IRAs, namely the SEC and FINRA. SEC and FINRA have a demonstrated record of education and enforcement to minimize any conflicts and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.001 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1824 December 18, 2015 
punish advisors who violate those standards. 
When advisors act against their clients’ inter-ests, they should and will be punished. It is unreasonable to place a prohibitive regime across an entire industry of professionals working in their client’s best interest, rather than punish those who violate it. 
Former head of the Employee Benefits Se-
curity Administration (‘‘EBSA’’) Brad Campbell, the Department agency promulgating this reg-ulation, testified at a recent hearing, ‘‘This is a significant departure from the Department’s traditional view of its authority regarding the application of the prohibited transaction rules to IRAs, in that it is attempting to leverage this authority to establish a fiduciary standard of care the statute does not provide. 
‘‘Testimony identifying a large number of 
significant technical problems with the Pro-posal, are a direct result of the Department’s unfamiliarity with the IRA marketplace and with the role of other regulators in governing financial advice provided to IRAs. The Depart-ment is trying to force a square peg into a round hole by asserting that the ERISA fidu-ciary standards can and should apply to IRAs in addition to the existing regulatory regimes already in place.’’ 
I am a strong supporter of a best interest 
standard to protect our constituents when they receive advice on IRAs, but this proposal is based on doubtful legal authority and is un-workable in practice. It will lead to our nation’s most vulnerable savers receiving no financial advice at all, at a time when they need it most. 
Again, I appreciate the DOL’s intentions in 
promulgating these regulations but I believe they are out of their area of expertise and it is reflected in the quality of the proposal. I hope the DOL plans to work with Congress as we progress on our bipartisan best interest standard that will be codified into law, rather than continue to attempt to overstretch the au-thority given to them by the Congress. Con-gress will continue to protect our constituents’ best interests and assert our authority over the issue. 
f 
ANGELO CANDELORI: A LIFETIME 
OF OUTSTANDING PUBLIC SERV-ICE 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
take this opportunity to express my profound gratitude and deep appreciation for the leader-ship and commitment of one of New Jersey’s most dedicated public servants, Colonel An-gelo Candelori. 
For over 30 years, Colonel Candelori has 
volunteered countless hours and offered ex-ceptional guidance and insights as a member of the Fourth Congressional District’s Service Academy Nominations Board—a task he has taken most seriously and accomplished with great success. Year after year, Colonel Candelori has ‘‘sweat the details,’’ tenaciously poring over the applications of prospective Service Academy nominees. With great scru-tiny and wisdom he has interviewed every young man and woman, recommending only those whom he and his two colleagues on the board felt were most deserving of my congres-
sional nomination. 
I have benefitted greatly from Colonel 
Candelori’s expertise, discernment, dedication, and desire that our armed services receive only the best, bravest and brightest officer ap-plicants. And so, too, has the United States military. 
Having served for 32 years in the United 
States Marine Corps and the reserves—a ten-ure that overlapped with his time on our Serv-ice Academy Board—Colonel Candelori relied on his knowledge and judgement, as well as years of military training, to help identify young applicants best suited to become America’s next generation of military leaders. With honor, integrity, courage and dedication, Colonel Candelori easily embodies the Marine Corps motto ‘‘Semper Fi’’—proving to be ‘‘always faithful’’ to the United States of America, his fellow Marines, and all members of our armed forces. 
If you knew Colonel Candelori personally, 
you would know that his dedication to his community and his commitment to public serv-ice is evident beyond his military career. For many years Colonel Candelori was a member of the Hamilton Township Planning Board and the Hamilton Township Development Review Advisory Board. His positive impact in many local and state volunteer and/or civic organiza-tions resulted in his designation as a Point of Light by President George H. W. Bush. Colo-nel Candelori was also named a recipient of the U.S. Secretary of Energy’s Community Service Award and the Enrico Fermi Federa-tion Achievement Award. 
Colonel Candelori’s leadership is recognized 
internationally as he was knighted with the title of Cavaliere in the Order of Solidarity by the government of Italy. He served as president of the Societa Cavalieri d’Italia and is a past trustee of the Italian-American National Hall of Fame and a past president of the Enrico Fermi Federation. 
Mr. Speaker, to say that Colonel Angelo 
Candelori is a patriot and a gentleman would be an understatement. He is a community leader who has advanced the common good, and a remarkable, dedicated husband and fa-
ther. Colonel Candelori and his wife, Elaine, have been married for over 55 years. The Candelori’s first started dating when Elaine was in 8th grade and the Colonel was a fresh-man. Fast-forward to today and now they are the proud parents of four—David, Eric, Aliza and Matthew; the grandparents of eleven; and the great-grandparents of two. What an endur-ing legacy of love and devotion and goodness. 
This year, as he steps down from his more 
than three decades of assisting in the vetting and selection of military academy nominees, I ask my colleagues in the House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring Colonel Angelo Candelori for his dedicated service to the citi-zens of New Jersey and to our country. 
f 
HONORING OTTO MERIDA AND VIC-
TORIA NAPOLES-EARL ON MANY YEARS LEADING THE LATIN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. CRESENT HARDY 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
honor Otto Merida, President, CEO and Founder of the Latin Chamber of Commerce 
and Victoria Napoles-Earl, Senior Executive Vice President of the Latin Chamber of Com-merce for over thirty years of service to the Hispanic business community and Nevada’s Hispanic youth. For decades, the Latin Cham-ber of Commerce has helped hundreds of Ne-vadans and their families achieve the Amer-ican Dream thanks to Otto and Victoria’s lead-ership and mentorship. Otto and Victoria have spearheaded incredible programs that promote leadership, entrepreneurship and education. They have also encouraged Latino youth to pursue college and developed a strong schol-arship program that continues to help our stu-dents complete their studies. I join all Nevad-ans in saying thank you for your hard work and dedication towards helping small busi-nesses grow and assisting our students with achieving their higher education goals. Mr. Speaker, I commend Otto and Victoria on their outstanding service to Nevada and wish them the best of luck on their future endeavors. I hope the Latin Chamber of Commerce will continue to benefit our communities for many years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING UNIVERSITY OF 
ALABAMA RUNNING BACK DER-RICK HENRY FOR WINNING THE 2015 HEISMAN TROPHY 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate University of Alabama Running Back Derrick Henry for winning the 2015 Heisman Trophy and to honor his hard work on and off the football field. 
Derrick Henry was born and raised in Yulee, 
Florida, located in the Fourth Congressional District of Florida. This small Nassau County town of about 11,500 people is named after Senator David Levy Yulee, the first Jewish Member in the United States Senate. Accept-ing the award in our country’s most populous city—New York—Derrick Henry suddenly be-came Yulee’s most notable person. 
Back home in Yulee, however, it was just 
another day in the life of Derrick Henry. He has always been extraordinary. Born to teen-age parents, Derrick Henry, Sr., and Stacy Veal, Derrick was raised in a large family headed by his grandmother Gladys Henry, who gave him his nickname Shocka. Derrick’s family instilled in him a strong work ethic and inspired him to run for his dream of playing football and one day winning the Heisman Trophy. 
Today, at 6 foot 3, 242 pounds, Derrick is 
a force to be reckoned with on the gridiron. He has handled his new-found fame with humble-ness and humility and with the same strong faith in God that was taught to him by his grandmother and his family. At Yulee High School, they have a program that pairs special needs students with classmates. It is called Hornet Buddies, and Jake Martin, who was born with Down syndrome, was Derrick’s buddy. Derrick taught Jake how to play foot-ball and in the final game of the Hornets’ sea-son, Jake lined up at running back. He made two carries—both for negative yardage—but he was in the game. Derrick’s football career 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18DE8.003 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1825 December 18, 2015 
will be much longer than Jake’s, but on that 
day the game highlight showed what a winner Derrick Henry already was. 
Before America met Derrick at Alabama, he 
set a Florida high school record for rushing yards in a single game on September 21, 2012, rushing for 502 yards and six touch-downs on 48 carries. In his final high-school game, on November 16, 2012, Derrick Henry rushed for an incredible 52 yard touchdown run. With this touchdown run, Derrick Henry broke the legendary Ken Hall’s career rushing high school record for most career rushing yards, a title Hall had held for 59 years. 
Coached by Bobby Ramsay at Yulee High 
School, Derrick finished his high school career with 12,124 rushing yards. He was awarded the Florida Times Union Offensive and Super 24 Player of the Year, Florida’s Mr. Football, and Parade Magazine’s All-American Player of the Year. 
None of these awards and accolades were 
shocking to Coach Ramsay, Derrick’s middle school coach and longtime mentor J.T. Med-ley, or the entire Yulee community. They have always known Derrick as a quiet, polite, hard- 
working young man both in the classroom and on the field. It does not come as a surprise to his teachers that Derrick will complete his de-gree at Alabama and graduate this spring. Fin-ishing what he starts is what Derrick Henry does. 
Leading up to winning the Heisman Trophy, 
Derrick Henry gained ground on the competi-tion in each game Alabama played this past year. Along the way Derrick won the 2015 SEC Offensive Player of the Year Award, and his 1,986 yards rushing broke Herschel Walk-er’s 1982 single-season SEC rushing record by four yards. He also won the Maxwell Award as college’s most valuable player and the Doak Walker Award as the top running back. 
At Alabama, Derrick holds the school’s 
record for most consecutive games with a touchdown and tied former Heisman Trophy recipient University of Florida’s Quarterback Tim Tebow’s SEC mark of 14 straight games with a touchdown score in the November 2015 game against Mississippi State. Tim Tebow is also from Florida’s Fourth Congressional Dis-trict. 
A role model not only to football fans every-
where but especially to his supportive commu-nity in Yulee, Florida, Derrick Henry is a re-spected leader on the football field and in life. He has always put team before self and his generous spirit and infectious smile make Der-rick Henry a local hero. I send my heartfelt congratulations and best wishes to Derrick and his family and friends. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of 
Congress to join me in congratulating Derrick Henry on winning college football’s most cov-eted and prestigious award, the Heisman Tro-phy. In addition, I must note to all college and high school football players, if you want the best chance of winning the Heisman Trophy . . . move to the Fourth Congressional District of Florida . . . home of two Heisman Trophy winners in the last ten years. IN RECOGNITION OF JULIA MARIE 
DONOVAN 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Julia Marie Donovan on the occa-sion of her ninetieth birthday this month. 
Mrs. Donovan, or June, as she is referred to 
by her many friends, was born on December 30, 1925, the oldest child of the O’Brien family of North Cambridge. The daughter of Irish im-migrants, June recounts that as children she, her two younger siblings, Cornelius and Rita, and her parents were a very close knit family. After losing her father at the age of thirteen, at the height of the Great Depression, June became even more involved with helping her mother. However, her mother insisted that she still finish her studies and just as the United States was entering the Second World War, June graduated from St. Mary’s in Cambridge. 
Upon her graduation, June entered the 
workforce. She began working in Boston for the New Haven Railroad. As so many other young women were doing at the time, she took over the desk of a young man who had gone to war. She remained there for the dura-tion of the war, knowing all the while that she would be expected to leave upon the return of the American servicemen. After three years, the soldier whose desk she had occupied fi-nally did return. Upon their meeting, he imme-diately asked if he could call her. His name was William Donovan, and they were married for over sixty years. 
Bill and June raised their sons Francis, Wil-
liam, James, Dennis, and Kevin in Hingham, Massachusetts, and their happy home was al-ways open to the many friends who dropped by constantly. After moving to Cape Cod, they still had visitors often—including their ten grandchildren and many nieces and nephews who have continued to enjoy their many beach days at Nana and Poppy’s. It is surrounded by this large, loving family that June will celebrate her birthday at the end of this month. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Julia 
Marie Donovan on this joyous occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of happiness. 
f 
OPENING OF THE MUSLIM EDU-
CATION TRUST CENTER, TIGARD, OREGON 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the grand opening of the Muslim Educational Trust Community Center in my district. 
I recently had the honor of attending the 
ceremony and thanking Wajdi Said and the Muslim Educational Trust Center’s Board of Directors for their leadership and hard work to establish this important Community Center. 
Now more than ever, our country needs or-
ganizations like the Muslim Educational Trust, whose work for the betterment of society— through education, cooperation, tolerance, and public awareness—transcends faith and 
bridges differences. The MET is educating the next generation of Muslim leaders and in the process, enhancing relations between Muslim and non-Muslim Oregonians. 
Like most, I condemn the hateful, closed- 
minded, anti-Muslim rhetoric that has infiltrated our public discourse. Equally disturbing are the reports of violence against Muslim Ameri-cans and their places of worship. Hate speech has always characterized darker periods of our history and these episodes will be similarly judged. 
Just recently, on the 150th anniversary of 
the U.S. Constitution’s 13th Amendment abol-ishing slavery, President Obama gave a poignant speech in which he described the long struggle that ended slavery, and the bat-tle for civil rights and basic freedoms that fol-lowed. 
The victories won by previous generations 
of enlightened Americans have had far-reach-ing effects. However, discrimination remains prevalent and has manifested itself in an at-tack on religious freedom. 
During his speech, President Obama re-
marked, ‘‘We betray the efforts of the past if we fail to push back against bigotry in all its forms.’’ And he’s right—we have an obligation to our nation, itself a protest against oppres-sion, to speak up for the freedoms and safety of our friends and neighbors. 
President Obama also said, ‘‘Our freedom is 
bound up with the freedom of others—regard-less of what they look like or where they come from or what their last name is or what faith they practice.’’ In the United States, this notion is fundamental and an important part of what distinguishes us from many other countries. 
The Muslim Educational Trust Community 
Center will continue to open its doors to all of its neighbors, enlightening minds and building bridges of friendship among Muslim and non- Muslim Oregonians. I am pleased to extend my congratulations and pledge support against bigotry in all its forms. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise in support of the Omnibus Appro-priations bill. After a thoughtful and thorough review, I have decided to vote in favor of the Omnibus Appropriations bill. I have reserva-tions about several provisions in the bill, but ultimately I believe that the good contained in this bill outweighs the bad. My vote was cast in favor of keeping the government operating and to continue to make critical investments agency programs that benefit all Americans. I also firmly believe that we cannot afford an-other shutdown and this bill provides the Fed-eral Government with funding through Sep-tember 30, 2016. 
The omnibus provides much needed in-
creases for a broad range of education pro-grams including Head Start, Title I grants, aid to HBCUs, the TRIO and GEAR UP programs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18DE8.006 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1826 December 18, 2015 
and rural education. Providing the resources 
low-income families need to increase their academic success is one of my highest prior-ities, and this legislation is a first step in the right direction. 
Furthermore, Historically Black Colleges and 
Universities (HBCUs), and other minority serv-ing institutions are set to receive an additional $40 million in funding. HBCUs have created and fostered a generation of African-American professionals, and still play a vital role in edu-cating our youth. My district is home to some of the most prominent HBCUs in the Country, and as a Vice Chair of the Bipartisan Con-gressional HBCU Caucus, securing adequate funding for these institutions is critically impor-tant to me. 
I am also pleased that this bill provides 
funding through the Department of the Interior that will be used to preserve historic civil sites. The struggle for civil and voting rights is an in-tegral part of American history. Our district is known as the civil rights district, and we have the potential to benefit from this competitive grant process. I fought to secure two amend-ments that made this funding possible in order to preserve important civil rights sites for fu-ture generations. 
The bill includes many increases in pro-
grams that are critical to improving access to quality health care and innovative medical re-search. I am particularly pleased to see a much needed increase in funding for the Na-tional Institutes of Health (NIH) and the Na-tional Science Foundation (NSF). These in-vestments in research are essential to pro-viding long-term stability for our research com-munities in Birmingham and across the state. The package recognizes that HIV and Hepa-titis should be a priority by reinvesting in the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). As the mental health crisis becomes more urgent, the deal’s in-creased funding for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Agency (SAMHSA) is a welcome sign of progress for the mental health community. 
There is an urgent need to address racial 
health disparities in Alabama’s 7th Congres-sional District, and I am pleased this bill rec-ognizes that need. By funding Racial and Eth-nic Approaches to Community Health (REACH), Congress has made an investment to help eliminate health disparities across a range of diseases, including heart disease, di-abetes, and obesity. 
This is not a perfect bill, but I am proud that 
both sides of the aisle were able to work out a compromise that benefits our nation, and helps us continue to grow. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STAN SOLOWAY ON 
HIS TENURE AS PRESIDENT/CEO OF THE PROFESSIONAL SERV-ICES COUNCIL 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize my friend, Mr. Stan Soloway, as he prepares to step down from his 15 year tenure as president and CEO of the Professional Services Council (PSC.) PSC was founded in 1972 by a group of in-
dustry leaders who recognized the emergence and growing vitality of the professional serv-ices sector. Prior to 1972, this sector was vir-tually unaccounted for as a part of the U.S. economy even though it was thriving and growing at twice the rate of the rest of the economy. PSC organized the various busi-nesses and service providers so that they could become more effective in supporting the growth of the businesses while delivering bet-ter and more cost-effective services to the fed-eral government. 
In January, 2001, Stan assumed the presi-
dency of PSC. His knowledge and expertise in public policy, public affairs, and acquisition re-form have been instrumental in shaping PSC into an essential partner with the federal gov-ernment. Following the merger of PSC and the Contract Services Association of America, PSC became a single, unified voice rep-resenting the range and diversity of the gov-ernment services sector. PSC currently has nearly 400 member companies that provide federal agencies with services in a multitude of areas including information technology, en-gineering, logistics, facilities management, op-erations and maintenance, consulting, inter-national development, scientific, social, envi-ronmental services, and others. Together, the trade association’s members employ hundreds of thousands of Americans in all 50 states. 
Before joining PSC, Stan served as the dep-
uty undersecretary of Defense, and concur-rently as the director of Secretary of Defense William Cohen’s Defense Reform Initiative. In recognition of his expertise and leadership, he was awarded the Secretary of Defense Med-als for Outstanding and Distinguished Public Service. In addition, Stan was confirmed by the United States Senate in 2007 to serve a 5 year term on the board of directors of the Corporation for National and Community Serv-ice, the federal agency that oversees national service programs including Americorps and VISTA. Stan is a principal of the Partnership for Public Service, and a member of the Exec-utive Advisory Board of the National Contract Management Association, where he is also a fellow. 
A nationally recognized expert, Stan writes 
regular columns for Washington Technology magazine and the Washington Business Jour-nal. In addition, he has been a contributing au-thor for books published by Harvard Law School, the University of Pennsylvania, Cam-bridge University, and the IMB Center for the Business of Government. Stan was also a pro-ducer of the critically acclaimed PBS series ‘‘Great Confrontations at the Oxford Union.’’ 
Stan has received numerous awards and 
accolades in recognition of his talents and ac-complishments. These honors include the 2013 Herbert Roback Award, being named the 2013 Industry Executive of the Year by Gov-ernment Computer News and 1105 Media. In addition, the Washington Business Journal named Stan to its Power 100 as one of the most influential business leaders in Wash-ington in 2012 and 2013, and he was named one of the most influential leaders in U.S. de-fense by Defense News and Gannett Media. He is also a two time winner of the Federal 100 award. 
Northern Virginia is a vibrant region where 
so many are genuinely experts in technology, government services, and public policy. Among this group of esteemed professionals, Stan Soloway stands out. He has been a pio-
neering force in changing and modernizing the way that the federal government does busi-ness, and we have all benefited from his ex-ceptional abilities. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating Stan on his remarkable tenure as president and CEO of PSC. We wish him well in the next chapter of his life and thank him for his tireless efforts on behalf of the federal government and the professional services industry. 
f 
HONORING FORT OSAGE HIGH 
SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize the Fort Osage High School football team. This is a group of very special young men who have exemplified the finest qualities of teamwork, devotion and sportsmanship by taking an active part in the classroom and on the field. These Indians re-lentlessly pursued their goal and were re-warded with their first state football title in school history. 
The Fort Osage Indians defeated 
Chaminade 63–28 in the Missouri Class 5 Championship. Senior Skylar Thompson man-aged to score an astounding seven times. This capped an outstanding season for Thompson, who was awarded the Thomas A. Simone Award as the best high school football player in the Kansas City area. The work and effort these young men have persevered through over the years has not only earned them numerous honors on and off the field, but also the respect of their families, class-mates, and community. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending the Fort Osage High School foot-ball team for their accomplishments on the field and for their efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Missouri Class Five state champions. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to this tax bill, which is unpaid for and adds more than $600 billion to the deficit, primarily to benefit corporations at the ex-pense of working families. In the future, to ad-dress the revenue loss in this bill will require reduced funding for education, health care, and job training programs essential to improv-ing the lives of hardworking Americans. This is completely unacceptable. 
While there are some positive elements in 
this bill, including making the Child Tax Credit and the Earned Income Tax Credit permanent, the bill does not allow the Child Tax Credit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18DE8.009 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1827 December 18, 2015 
keep pace with inflation, which means the tax 
credit will be worth less and less as the years go by. 
Mr. Speaker, the tax provisions in this bill 
don’t do enough to help families make ends meet, and will force us to underfund programs that Americans need to educate their children, keep their families healthy, and provide for their families’ future and well-being. I will vote against this bill because it is a bad deal for American families. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak on the underlying bill, H.R. 2029, the ‘‘Omnibus Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2014.’’ 
I want to thank Chairman R
OGERS and 
Ranking Member L OWEY for their constructive 
work in fashioning this bipartisan and bi-cameral legislation to fund the government for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2016. 
The bill before us is not perfect—far from 
it—but it is a modest and positive step toward preventing Republicans from shutting down the government again and manufacturing cri-ses that only harm our economy, destroy jobs, and weaken our middle class. 
As with any compromise there are some 
things in the agreement that I support and some things that I do not. 
The bill provides a total of $1.067 trillion for 
the operation of the federal government, a substantial and necessary increase of $80 bil-lion in sequestration relief. 
The bill contains all 12 regular appropria-
tions bills for fiscal year 2016, with no area of the government functioning under a Con-tinuing Resolution, thus allowing every pro-gram to be considered on its own merits and prioritized, rather than be subject to arbitrary across the board cuts. 
Mr. Speaker, let me say at the outset that 
I am very pleased that Section 208 of the Om-nibus (Division N) incorporates the Jackson Lee Amendment to Cybersecurity Act of 2015, which creates a voluntary cybersecurity infor-mation sharing process that will encourage public and private sector entities to share cyber threat information, without legal barriers and the threat of unfounded litigation—while protecting private information. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment incorporated 
in the Cybersecurity Act and included in the Omnibus also includes provisions to improve federal network and information system secu-rity, provide assessments on the federal cy-bersecurity workforce, and provide reporting and strategies on cybersecurity industry-re-lated and criminal-related matters. 
I also strongly support the James Zadroga 
9/11 Victim Compensation Fund Reauthoriza-tion contained in Title IV of Division O, which reauthorizes the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund for an additional five years, provides an additional $4.6 billion to fully fund the VCF; and makes technical adjustments to VCF pay-ment schedules to ensure the provided fund-
ing is sufficient to pay all claims. 
In addition, Title IV creates a fund, modeled 
along the lines of the ‘‘Victim of the Terror Fund’’ I proposed in H. Res. 528, to com-pensate U.S. victims of terrorism who either hold a final judgment issued against a state sponsor of terrorism under the terrorism ex-ception to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, or were taken hostage (or are a spouse or child of someone who was taken hostage) from the U.S. Embassy in Tehran, Iran in 1979. 
This program is funded with an initial alloca-
tion of $1.025 billion and will be augmented in future years through criminal and civil pen-alties levied against state sponsors of ter-rorism and their co-conspirators. 
Mr. Speaker, the Omnibus provides in-
creases in funding for several programs that I have strongly supported and fought for throughout my tenure in Congress. 
Let me list just a few of the more important 
ones. 
AGRICULTURE AND RELATED AGENCIES  
$6.350 billion for Special Supplemental Nu-
trition Program for Women, Infants, and Chil-dren (WIC), an amount sufficient to meet ex-pected need in Fiscal Year 2016. 
COMMERCE , JUSTICE , SCIENCE , AND RELATED AGENCIES  
$19.3 billion for NASA, which is $1.27 billion 
more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$347 million for Byrne-JAG grants, which is 
$14.7 million above the 2015 enacted level and $2 million more than the House bill. 
$212 million for the Community Oriented 
Policing Services (COPS) Program. Within this funding, $187 million is for the hiring of law enforcement, which is $7 million above the FY 2015 level and $187 million above the House bill which eliminated this funding. 
$480 million for Violence Against Women 
Prevention and Prosecution Programs, which is $50 more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$270.2 million for Juvenile Justice, which is 
$18.7 million more than the FY 2015 level and $83.7 million above the House bill. 
$385 million for the Legal Services Corpora-
tion, which is $10 million more than FY 2015 level and $85 million above the House bill. 
$7.46 billion for the National Science Foun-
dation (NSF), which is $119.3 million more than FY 2015 and $69.3 million above the House bill. 
$2.57 billion overall for total State and Local 
Law Enforcement Activities, which is $246.2 million above the FY 2015 level and $405.7 million more than the House bill; and 
$1.37 billion for the Census Bureau, which 
is $378.3 million more than the House bill, in-cluding funding to help ensure an efficient 2020 Census utilizing innovative and cost-ef-fective enumeration practices. 
The bill rejects House proposals to prohibit 
the Department of Justice from using funds to challenge state immigration laws or awarding grants to ‘‘sanctuary’’ cities; or to defend the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy in the pending court case. 
DEFENSE  
$288.3 million for sexual assault prevention 
and response programs, $5 million more than the House bill and $25 million more than the request. 
$125 million for Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) 
and Psychological Health research. 
$282 million for cancer research, roughly 
the same as the House bill, $407 million more than the request, and $1.5 million more than 
FY2015. 
1.3% pay raise for military personnel as pro-
posed in the budget request and included in the FY2016 National Defense Authorization Act. 
$26.7 million for the Defense Suicide Pre-
vention Office, the same as the House bill, $20 million more than requested. 
$25 million for STARBASE, a STEM edu-
cation program for fifth graders, the same as the House bill, $25 million more than the re-quest, and the same as FY2015. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT , AND RELATED  
AGENCIES  
$2.1 billion for Energy Efficiency & Renew-
able Energy, which is $404 million more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$6.0 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers, 
which is $350 million more than the 2015 en-acted level. 
$1.3 billion for water resources projects 
within the Department of Interior, which is $135 million more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$206 million for activities to modernize the 
electricity grid, which is $19 million more than the House bill and $59 million than the FY2015 enacted level. 
$6.2 billion for environmental cleanup activi-
ties, which is $309 million more than the House bill and $337 million more than the FY2015 enacted level. 
The Omnibus eliminates the majority of rid-
ers proposed in the House bill, including those related to Waters of the United States, guns on Corps lands, Clean Water Act agriculture exemptions and ceiling fan standards. 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT  
$871 million for the Small Business Admin-
istration (SBA), which is $16.6 million less than the 2015 enacted level (as a result of re-duced loan subsidy costs) and $18.5 million higher than the House-passed level. 
$729.8 million for the District of Columbia, 
which is $50.3 million more than the 2015 en-acted level and $51.8 million more than the House-passed level. 
$6.8 billion for the Judiciary, which is $80 
million more than the 2015 enacted level. 
The Omnibus eliminates the majority of rid-
ers proposed in the House including those prohibiting funds: to subsidize abortion serv-ices in connection with a multi-state plan of-fered under the Affordable Care Act ex-changes negotiated by OPM; to implement the Affordable Care Act (ACA) individual mandate and prohibiting HHS transfers to IRS for ACA implementation; implement the net neutrality order until the current court cases are re-solved; and to travel to Cuba for educational exchanges not involving academic study pur-suant to a degree program. 
HOMELAND SECURITY  
$13.03 billion for U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, which is $451 million more than the FY2015 enacted level and $59 million less than the House level. 
$4.93 billion for the Transportation Security 
Administration, which is $225.8 million less than the 2013 enacted level. 
$7.44 billion for the Transportation Security 
Administration, which is $211.3 million more than the FY2015 enacted level and $207.5 million more than the House level. 
$923.8 million for Cybersecurity and Com-
munications, an increase of $27.5 million above the 2013 enacted level. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.002 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1828 December 18, 2015 
$4.62 billion for the Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, $268.9 million above the 2015 enacted level. 
$2.54 billion for State and Local Grants, an 
increase of $10 million above the 2015 en-acted level and $308.6 million more than the request. 
$1.93 billion for the U.S. Secret Service, 
which is $267.8 million more than the FY2015 enacted level. 
$10.92 billion for the U.S. Coast Guard, 
which is $880 million more i than the FY2015 enacted level and $805.9 million more than the House level. 
$100 million for Pre-Disaster Mitigation, 
which is $75 million more than the FY2015 en-acted level and the House level. 
$190 million for Flood Mapping, which is 
$90 million more than the FY2015 enacted level and the House level. 
$50 million in new funding to help state and 
local communities counter violent extremism and to help state and local law enforcement prepare for and respond to complex, coordi-nated terrorist attacks. 
$100 million in new funding for DHS to ad-
dress cybersecurity vulnerabilities of DHS IT systems. 
Controversial House riders related to abor-
tion services and immigration enforcement are not included in the bill. 
Among the contentious riders not included 
were provisions: 
1. related to the expanded Deferred Action 
for Childhood Arrivals program and the De-ferred Action for Parents of Americans pro-gram; 
2. to eliminate ICE’s discretion to release 
certain categories of detainees from custody, except for removal; 
3. intended to prohibit Americans from 
bringing back merchandise from Cuba; and 
4. prohibiting the award of terrorism pre-
paredness grants to states or political subdivi-sions of states that do not permit law enforce-ment officers to assist or cooperate with the enforcement of federal immigration law. 
INTERIOR , ENVIRONMENT , AND RELATED AGENCIES  
$4.203 billion for Wildland fires, which rep-
resent the 10-year average of costs. 
$4.8 billion for the Indian Health Service, 
which is $165 million more than the 2015 en-acted level. 
$450 million is provided for the Land and 
Water Conservation Fund, an increase of $144 million above the 2015 enacted level. 
$2.851 billion for the National Park Service, 
which is $237 million more than the 2015 en-acted level. 
$147.9 million each for the National Endow-
ment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities, which is $1.9 million more than the 2015 enacted level and $1.9 million more than the House bill. 
$2.796 billion for the Bureau of Indian Af-
fairs, which is $195 million more than the 2015 enacted level and $30 million more than the House bill. 
$2.455 billion for the U.S. Forest Service 
(non-fire), which is $35 million more than the 2015 enacted level and $99 million more than the House bill. 
LABOR , HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES , EDUCATION , AND 
RELATED AGENCIES  
$9.26 billion for Head Start, which is $570 
million more than the 2015 enacted level, and $14 million more than the House bill. 
$2.7 billion for job training through WIA 
Training and Employment Formula Grant pro-gram, which is $86 million more than the 2015 
enacted level. 
$835 million for Seniors’ Nutrition programs, 
which is $20 million more than the 2015 en-acted level and $14 million more than the House bill. 
$2.36 billion for Child Care & Development 
Block Grants, which is $36 million more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$244.7 million for Historically Black Col-
leges, $63.3 million for Historically Black Grad-uate Institutions, and $9.9 million for Predomi-nantly Black Institutions, a total of more than $319 million, which represents an increase of 
about $23 million over the 2015 enacted level. 
$56,758,601 for the National Institute on Mi-
nority Health and Health Disparities (NIMHD) Research Centers in Minority Institutions equal to the enacted 2015 level. 
$22.5 billion for Pell Grants, the same as 
the 2015 enacted level but $370 million more than the House bill, and which, when com-bined with mandatory funding, will enable the maximum grant to increase to an estimated $5,915, an increase of $140 in the 2016–2017 school year. 
$3.4 billion for the Low-Income Home En-
ergy Assistance Program (LIHEAP), which is the same as the 2015 enacted level and $25 million more than the House bill. 
$11.9 billion for Special Education state 
grants (IDEA), which is $415 million more than the 2015 enacted level and $87 million less than the House bill. 
$1.6 billion for worker protection agencies at 
the Department of Labor, which is $3 million more than the 2015 enacted level and $39 million more than the House bill. 
$445 million as an advance appropriation for 
the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB), which is the same as the 2015 enacted level and the House bill. An increase of $40 million is provided for Television Interconnection in 2016, which is $40 million more than the House bill. 
$948 million for Unaccompanied Minor Chil-
dren, which is the same as the 2015 enacted level and $130 million more than the House bill. 
$1.1 billion for the Corporation for National 
and Community Service (CNCS), which is $40 million more than the 2015 enacted level and $407 million more than the House bill. 
The Omnibus abandons the futile but waste-
ful effort by House Republicans to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
VETERANS AFFAIRS  
$71.414 billion in discretionary funding for 
Veterans Affairs, which is $6.4 billion more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$630.7 million for prosthetic research, which 
is $41.8 million above the 2015 enacted level. 
An additional $2.369 billion for the Medical 
Services account and $105 million for Medical Facilities for fiscal year 2016. 
Of the additional funds included for fiscal 
year 2016, $1.5 billion is dedicated for the treatment of Hepatitis C within the VA system, an additional $50 million is included for the Caregiver Program, and an additional $15 mil-lion is included for mobile Vet Centers. 
The Omnibus provides new tools and re-
sources to address the backlog of veterans’ disability claims by increasing personnel, en-hancing training and quality oversight, and strengthening accountability. 
STATE , FOREIGN OPERATIONS , AND RELATED AGENCIES  
I would have preferred that the bill provide 
more than $2.22 billion for Embassy Security, Construction and Maintenance, an amount 
that is $102 million less than the 2015 enacted level. Our diplomats who risk their lives serv-ing in dangerous outposts around the world deserve all the resources required to keep them safe. 
$2.78 billion for Development Assistance 
(DA), which is $274 million more than the FY 2015 level but $218 million. 
$4.32 billion for Economic Support Fund 
(ESF), which is $428 million less than the FY 2015 level. 
$1.28 billion for USAID Operating Expenses 
(OE), which is $66.6 million more than the FY 2015 level. 
$5.9 billion in total funding for humanitarian 
assistance accounts, which is $899 million more than the FY 2015 level. 
And the FY 2016 Committee mark and 
$1.66 billion more than the 
$410 million for Peace Corps, which is 
$30.5 million more than the 2015 Committee mark and the FY 2015 level and equal to the Administration’s request. 
$8.5 billion for Global Health (GHP), which 
is $49.5 million more than the FY 2016 Com-mittee mark and FY 2015 level and $322 mil-lion more than the Administration’s request. 
$575 million for bilateral family planning, 
which is equal to the 2015 enacted level. 
The final agreement does not include a pol-
icy rider codifying the ‘‘Global Gag Rule,’’ which prohibits non-governmental organiza-tions (NGOs) receiving federal funds from pro-viding women information about certain health services. 
TRANSPORTATION , AND HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT , AND RELATED AGENCIES  
$16.3 billion for Federal Aviation Administra-
tion (FAA), which is $563 million more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$500 million for National Infrastructure In-
vestments (TIGER), which is equal to the 2015 enacted level and $400 million more than the House bill. 
$2.2 billion for Capital Investment Grants, 
which is $57 million more than the 2015 en-acted level and $256 million more than the House bill. 
$50 million for Railroad Safety Grants, $25 
million for rail infrastructure improvements and $25 million for positive train control grants. 
$17.7 billion for Section 8 Tenant Based 
Rental Assistance renewals, which is $195 million more than the 2015 enacted level. 
$60 million for HUD-Veterans Affairs Sup-
portive Housing (HUD–VASH), which is $15 million below the 2015 enacted level but $60 million more than the House bill, and $60 mil-lion more than the President’s budget request. 
$10.4 billion for Section 8 Project Based 
Rental Assistance renewals, which is $885 million more than the 2015 enacted level, and is sufficient to meet expected need based on updated estimates. 
$4.5 billion for Public Housing Operating 
Fund, which is $60 million more than the 2015 enacted level and $60 million more than the House bill. 
$1.9 billion for Public Housing Capital Fund, 
which is $25 million more than the 2015 en-acted level and $219 million more than the House bill, and $50 million below the Presi-dent’s budget request. 
$3 billion for Community Development Block 
Grants (CDBG), which is equal to the 2015 enacted level. 
$110 million for Healthy Homes and Lead 
Hazard Control, which is the same as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.004 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1829 December 18, 2015 
2015 enacted level and $35 million more than 
the House bill. 
$300 million for flooding disasters that oc-
curred in calendar year 2015. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased that 
Title III of Division O of the Omnibus keeps faith with the first responders who risked their lives and sacrificed their health in aid of the fellow human beings who were trapped or per-ished in the World Trade Center on Sep-tember 11, 2001. 
Specifically, Title III of Division O includes 
the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Com-pensation Reauthorization Act which reauthor-izes the World Trade Center Health Program through 2090, establishing annual caps for funding for the first 10 years, then increasing the caps to account for inflation in future years and allowing the funding to carry over if nec-essary. 
Mr. Speaker, as I stated, this bill is not per-
fect, but on balance it is a significant improve-ment over the spending bills considered in the House last year. 
f 
SPANKY’S RIVER STREET KICKS 
OFF 40TH YEAR IN BUSINESS 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
an honor to join my friend, Ansley Williams, in celebrating the 40th year of business at Spanky’s River Street in Savannah, Georgia. 
Spanky’s River Street, home of the original 
chicken finger, began 40 years ago with a dream hatched by brothers Dusty and Alben 
Yarbrough and Ansley Williams, all natives of Thomaston, Georgia. They opened the original Spanky’s restaurant in December 1976 with the idea of selling half-pound burgers and pizza. 
Culinary history was made when Alben in-
sisted on having a chicken sandwich on the menu. The only problem was the bird was big-ger than the bun. To get it to fit, the edges had to be trimmed off. Alben took the trim-mings, tossed them in a special seasoned breading, and fried it up to a golden delicious treat. Right then and there, the original chick-en finger was born. 
Spanky’s River Street kicked off its 40th 
year in business with a celebration on Decem-ber 16th to acknowledge and honor employ-ees and patrons, past and present. With a staff as friendly as the happy hour and a his-tory wider than the Savannah River, Spanky’s has been a favorite dining spot for locals and visitors alike. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure today to rec-
ognize Ansley and the Spanky’s family for all their hard work and dedication to Savannah’s restaurant community. Congratulations on your 40th year of business. RECOGNIZING THE EL PASO COUN-
TY VETERANS ASSISTANCE OF-FICE 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored 
to rise today in recognition of the El Paso County Veterans Assistance Office for their ef-forts in supporting veterans and their depend-ents and survivors in my district of El Paso, Texas. The Veterans Assistance Office works with veterans and their families to overcome obstacles that may be preventing them from getting the benefits they need and have earned. 
The El Paso County Veterans Assistance 
Office is certified through the Texas Veterans Commission and provides information to our Veterans regarding their eligibility for state and federal benefits. The office assists the veteran and their family through every step of the pa-perwork process—from researching eligibility requirements to verifying that the claims are filed correctly. The knowledgeable staff led by Mr. Michael Flores works diligently to stay in-formed on the latest legislation and newest policy in order to best advise veterans and their families. 
The Veterans Assistance Office is involved 
with many local veteran service organizations and is a recognized voice in our area, regu-larly seen advocating for veterans and raising awareness for veteran issues at different meetings and events in El Paso. 
The El Paso County Veterans Assistance 
Office is deserving of recognition for their con-tinuous support of our veterans. The office takes the time to explain and walk veterans through the process from start to finish, ensur-ing that they are not forgotten. I am proud of the work that the El Paso County Veterans Assistance Office does to help veterans. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I was absent 
from votes from Tuesday, December 15, 2015 through Thursday, December 17, 2015, be-cause I was sitting shiva with my family in ac-cordance with Jewish law following the death of my mother Jean Deutch on Friday, Decem-ber 11, 2015. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: 
On Roll Call 694, I would have voted yea. 
(H. Res. 536) 
On Roll Call 695, I would have voted yea. 
(H.R. 2820) 
On Roll Call 696, I would have voted yea. 
(H.R. 4246) 
On Roll Call 697, I would have voted yea. 
(S. 1090) 
On Roll Call 698, I would have voted yea. 
(H.R. 2297) 
On Roll Call 699, I would have voted yea. 
(H.R. 3750) 
On Roll Call 700, I would have voted yea. 
(H.R. 4239) 
On Roll Call 701, I would have voted no. (H. 
Res. 566, On ordering the previous question) On Roll Call 702, I would have voted no. (H. 
Res. 566) 
On Roll Call 703, I would have voted yea. 
(H.R. 2029, amendment 3b) 
On Roll Call 704, I would have voted yea. 
(On approving the Journal) 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, on December 
16, 2015, I missed two recorded votes due to a previously scheduled meeting. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were present: 
On Roll Call Number 700, I would have 
voted YEA in support of H.R. 4239, the Track-ing Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act. 
On Roll Call Number 699, I would have 
voted YEA in support of H.R. 3750, the First Responders Passport Act of 2015. 
These two pieces of legislation will strength-
en our national security and deservedly recog-nize first responders who aid a foreign country following a natural disaster. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALVIN BERNARD 
STEWART 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to mourn the loss of my dear friend, Al Stewart. Al was a giant of a man with a heart of pure gold. He was the person everyone in his community came to when they needed a helping hand. He never turned anyone away in their hour of need. He was a friend to ev-eryone and a true pillar of our community. 
Al Stewart was deeply committed to the 
safety and security of his fellow citizens. He bravely served his country in our Army during the Korean Conflict. He also served in the Philadelphia Police Department for 25 years, including 5 years in the Gang Control Division. 
His commitment to our citizens did not end 
when he left the Police Department. He moved to the Board of Revision of Taxes where he was dedicated to ensuring that our seniors and citizens of modest means were not unfairly taxed. 
Mr. Speaker, Al Stewart honorably served 
the people of Northwest Philadelphia as a community leader and as their City Council-man. But, his greatest service was as a hus-band and a father. He deeply loved his late wife Ojetta and was devoted to his children Alinda, Shellyn, and Dwayne. 
Al leaves a great legacy behind as he goes 
on to his reward. Those of us who knew him are better off for that privilege. So, I ask all of my colleagues in the House to join me in hon-oring him today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.005 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1830 December 18, 2015 
RECOGNIZING NOVANT HEALTH 
FOR ITS COMMITMENT TO NORTHERN VIRGINIA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Novant Health for their commit-ment to the health and well-being of Northern Virginia residents. 
Novant Health is an integrated network of 
hospitals, outpatient centers, and physician practices spanning four states and servicing more than 4 million patients annually including many in Northern Virginia. The Metropolitan area houses two of Novant Health’s fourteen health care centers: Novant Health Prince Wil-liam Medical Center located in Manassas and Novant Health Haymarket Medical Center. Other regional facilities include Novant Health Cancer Center, two surgery centers, Novant Wound Care & Hyperbaric Medicine, and Novant Health Breast Center. 
In 2013, Novant Health provided more than 
$21 million in charity care and services in Northern Virginia. Novant Health is one of the top 25 integrated health systems in the United States and was named a top 50 ‘‘Best Places for Diverse & Women Managers to Work’’ by Diversity MBA Magazine. 
Showcasing its commitment to active com-
munity engagement, Novant Health reaches beyond the walls of its many health facilities. Novant Health actively seeks out community health outreach efforts as part of the patient- oriented delivery model. 
One time-tested initiative is as the Hylton 
Presents Season Sponsor since the inaugural 2010–2011 season, as well as the namesake of the Novant Health Rehearsal Room. In ad-dition to philanthropic support, Novant Health regularly hosts community and physicians events at the Hylton Center as a continued supporter of the center and Northern Virginia. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in recognizing Novant Health as the 5th Hylton Center for Performing Arts Anniversary Gala honoree for its commitment to improving the health of Northern Virginia, one person at a time. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO SHARON ADAMS 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Sharon Adams, a mentor, commu-nity leader, and administrator. She is the Founder and Director of Programs for Walnut Way Conservation Corp and after 15 years of service transitions from her position on De-cember 21, 2015. 
Sharon Adams moved back to Milwaukee in 
1997 from New York and found the once-vi-brant Lindsay Heights neighborhood where she grew up lined with boarded-up houses, trash-filled lots, gangs, prostitution and drugs. This spurred her and her neighbors to orga-nize Walnut Way, a grassroots association whose motto is to ‘‘Reclaim, Restore, and Re-purpose’’. The organization’s headquarters is a former drug den and 100 year old structure 
that has been restored and transformed into the community’s nerve center. 
Ms. Adams and Walnut Way pushed for the 
revitalization of North Avenue and the Lindsay Heights Community. The blight is now gone, replaced by restored and newly built houses, rain and vegetable gardens and fruit orchards, youth trained in urban agriculture, a bee aviary to harvest and sell honey, a tree nursery to expand the canopy, and work with police to improve safety. They run an award winning business called Blue Skies that employs youth and others from the community for their land-scaping operation. 
Sharon has capped off her remarkable 
urban renewal effort with the completion of The Innovations and Wellness Commons. The Commons will serve nearly 8000 residents liv-ing in and surrounding the Lindsay Heights neighborhood. Funds for this venture include significant dollars from federal, state and local governments, the Zilber Family Foundation, and many others. Nearly 30 jobs were created for low income workers by this project. The Commons include Outpost Natural Foods Coop that operates four large organic grocery stores in the Milwaukee area, the Juice Kitch-en, a business operated by experienced entre-preneurs specializing in vegetarian meals all sited in a setting that allows for holistic ap-proaches to healthy living such as healing cir-cles, fitness classes and meditation. This eco-nomically distressed area is no longer a food desert but a haven providing an environment for healthy living and jobs. 
This is Sharon Adams’ second retirement, 
she left the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee in 2008 as Director of Service Learning to head Walnut Way. She helped create other neighborhood organizations, including the Lindsay Heights Neighborhood Health Alliance to reduce health disparities and the Lindsay Heights Neighborhood Quality of Life Plan, part of the Zilber Neighborhood Initiative, a $50 million program to revive low-income Mil-waukee neighborhoods in 10 years. 
Sharon Adams is also the Wisconsin 2010 
Social Innovation Prize Award Winner, an award given to an individual over age 50 who addresses critical social problems. The prize includes $5,000, as well as, another $5000 to be designated by the winner to an organiza-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Ms. 
Sharon Adams who leaves a legacy of advo-cacy and compassion. She is a true trailblazer who has labored to attract investment and lead the Lindsay Heights Neighborhood to prosperity and good health. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tre-mendously from her dedicated service. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Ms. Sharon Adams. 
f 
THE RETIREMENT OF DR. 
WILLIAM ‘‘BRIT’’ KIRWAN 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and to congratulate Dr. William ‘‘Brit’’ Kirwan on his well-deserved retirement. Dr. Kirwan served for 12 years as the chancellor 
of the University System of Maryland, and I know that his principled character and edu-cational capability will be sorely missed. 
It has been my pleasure to work with him 
over the years in his capacity as chancellor of the University System, but long before becom-ing chancellor, Dr. Kirwan first taught mathe-matics over at the University’s College Park campus. After turns as department chair and provost at College Park, as president he had a direct hand in designing the framework for the University System of Maryland itself. 
Dr. Kirwan’s expertise on higher education 
helped the University System grow to be one of the largest and most respected educational institutions in the country. Students and edu-
cators have thrived under his leadership and the surrounding Maryland community has ben-efited from having such a capable and quali-fied university in its midst. 
In fact, Dr. Kirwan’s expertise is recognized 
by so many that, in the fall of 2013, he was asked to serve as co-chair of the Senate’s Task Force on Federal Regulation of Higher Education. The resulting report provided clear suggestions aimed at helping colleges and universities to prioritize improving the quality of education and readying their students for the demands of the 21st century. 
I want to thank Dr. Kirwan for his committed 
and passionate service to the University Sys-tem—his legacy will live on in the accom-plished faculty and students whom he served so well. Thank you Brit, and we wish you the best in your retirement. 
f 
A DAY IN HONOR OF BENJAMIN 
EARL KING 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the life, legacy, and work of Ben-jamin Earl King; who was a Singer, Record Producer and Composer of some of America’s greatest soul music and hit songs such as ‘‘Stand By Me’’ & ‘‘Spanish Harlem.’’ He is a legendary and well known musician. He has had many accomplishments throughout his en-tire life. Mr. King was also extremely active in his charitable foundation, the Stand By Me Foundation, which helps to provide education to deserving youths. On Thursday, December 10th, 2015, at Harlem’s historic Interchurch Center at The Riverside Church; The Office of Congressman C
HARLES B. R ANGEL , Voza Riv-
ers/New Heritage Theatre Group, The Inter-church Center & Harlem Music Fest In Part-nership With Community Works presents ‘‘Celebrating the Music of Ben E. King,’’ to memorialize Ben E. King’s contributions to the Harlem community and beyond. 
The celebration featured musical guest per-
formances by Rhythm & Blues Legends Chuck Jackson, Maxine Brown, Beverly Crosby, Wild Women featuring (Maxine Brown, Beverly Crosby & Sherryl Marshall) and Soul Vocalist Joe Coleman. The evening culminated in a very special musical performance by Al Orlo, who served as Ben E. King’s Lead Guitarist for 25 years and his Musical Director from 1996–2015. 
From the groundbreaking orchestrated pro-
ductions of the Drifters to his own solo hits, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18DE8.011 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1831 December 18, 2015 
Ben E. King was the definition of R&B ele-
gance. King’s plaintive baritone had all the passion of gospel; however the settings in which it was displayed with his honey smooth phrasing and crisp enunciation, proved, for perhaps the first time, that R&B could be so-phisticated and accessible to pop audiences. King’s approach influenced countless smooth soul singers in his wake, and his records were key forerunners of the Motown sound. 
On September 28, 1938, King was born 
under the given name of Benjamin Earl Nel-son in Henderson, North Carolina, where he sang with his church choir before the family moved to Harlem in 1947. In junior high, he began performing with a street corner doo wop group called the Four B’s, which won second place in an Apollo Theater talent con-test. While attending high school, he was of-
fered a chance to join the Moonglows, but was simply too young and inexperienced to stick. He subsequently worked at his father’s res-taurant as a singing waiter, which led to an in-vitation to become the baritone singer in a doo wop outfit called the Five Crowns in 1958. 
The Five Crowns performed several gigs at 
the Apollo Theater along with the Drifters, whose career had begun to flounder in the years since original lead singer Clyde McPhatter departed. Drifters manager George Treadwell, dissatisfied with the group mem-bers’ unreliability and lack of success, fired them all in the summer of 1958 and hired the Five Crowns to assume the name of the Drift-ers. 
The new Drifters toured for about a year, 
playing to hostile audiences who knew they were a completely different group. In early 1959, they went into the studio with producers Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller to cut their first records. A song Nelson (still performing under his given name) co-wrote called ‘‘There Goes My Baby’’ became his first lead vocal, and the lush backing arrangement made highly unor-thodox (in fact, virtually unheard of) use of a string section. ‘‘There Goes My Baby’’ became a massive hit, laying the groundwork for vir-tually every smooth/uptown soul production that followed. Over the next two years, Nelson sang lead on several other Drifters classics, including ‘‘Dance with Me,’’ ‘‘This Magic Mo-ment,’’ ‘‘Save the Last Dance for Me,’’ and ‘‘I Count the Tears.’’ 
In 1960, Nelson approached Treadwell 
about a salary increase and a fairer share of the group’s royalties. Treadwell rebuffed him and Nelson quit the group, at this point as-suming the more memorable stage name Ben E. King in preparation for a solo career. Re-maining on Atlantic, King scored his first solo hit with the stylish, Latin-tinged ballad ‘‘Span-ish Harlem,’’ a Jerry Leiber/Phil Spector com-position that hit the Top Ten in early 1961. The follow-up, ‘‘Stand by Me,’’ a heartfelt ode to friendship and devotion co-written by King, became his signature song and an enduring R&B classic; it was also his biggest hit, top-ping the R&B charts and reaching the pop Top Five. 
King scored a few more chart singles 
through 1963, including velvety smooth pop- soul productions like ‘‘Amor,’’ ‘‘Don’t Play That Song (You Lied),’’ and the Italian tune ‘‘I (Who Have Nothing).’’ In the post-British Invasion years, King had a rough go of it on the pop charts but continued to score R&B hits. 1967’s Southern-fried ‘‘What Is Soul?’’ was one of his last singles for Atco before departing the label in 1969. In 1975, Atlantic president Ahmet Ertegun 
caught King’s act in a Miami lounge and in-vited him to re-sign with the label. King scored an unlikely comeback smash with the disco track ‘‘Supernatural Thing, Pt. I,’’ which re-turned him to the top of the R&B charts in 1975 and also reached the pop Top Five. While he was unable to duplicate that single’s success, King recorded several more albums for Atlantic up through 1981, and also collabo-rated with the Average White Band in 1977 on the album Benny & Us. After leaving Atlantic a second time, King toured in a version of the Drifters beginning in 1982. 
In 1986, ‘‘Stand by Me’’ was prominently 
featured in the Rob Reiner film of the same name; re-released as a single, it climbed into the Top Ten all over again. In its wake, King returned to solo recording, issuing albums every few years. He also guested on record-ings by Heaven 17 and Mark Knopfler, among others. King’s 1999 album Shades of Blue (on Half Note Records) found him branching out into jazz territory, performing with a big band and guests like Milt Jackson and David ‘‘Fat-head’’ Newman. 
On March 27, 2012, the Songwriters Hall of 
Fame announced that ‘‘Stand By Me’’ would receive its 2012 Towering Song Award and that King would be honored with the 2012 Towering Performance Award for his recording of the song. King toured the United Kingdom in 2013 and played concerts in the United States as late as 2014, despite reported health problems. Ben E. King died on April 30, 2015, after a brief illness. King has been cov-ered by acts from several genres and artist in-cluding Shirley Bassey, Tom Jones in 1970 and Sylvester. ‘‘Till I Can’t Get It Anymore’’ was revisited by peer Ray Charles in 1970 and ‘‘Spanish Harlem’’ was sung by Aretha Franklin in 1971. ‘‘Stand by Me’’ was covered by Otis Redding, John Lennon and Mickey Gilley. King also inspired several rock bands: Siouxsie and the Banshees recorded ‘‘Super-natural Thing’’ in 1981 and Led Zeppelin did a cover version of ‘‘Groovin’’, more known under the title of ‘‘We’re Gonna Groove.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-
guished colleagues join me in recognizing Benjamin E. King, and honoring his truly pio-neer work, dedication, and great accomplish-ments; worthy of our Nation’s highest artistic and charitable esteem. He is an example of someone who used his raw talent to become a legendary figure, and set the groundwork for many others that followed. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, the Church Plan 
Clarification Act addresses several unintended consequences resulting from the application of general tax and pension regulations to the unique structures of church pension plans. Churches and synagogues established some of the first pension plans in the country, sev-eral dating back to the 18th century, and they are designed to ensure that our clergy and 
laystaff have adequate resources during their retirement years. 
Church plans are often structured to reflect 
the ecclesiastical teachings of their denomina-tion. The resulting diversity of plan structures, coupled with the complexity of the legal and regulatory framework that applies to church plans, has led to the need for this legislation. The bill would correct several technical issues that are critical to the functioning and oper-ation of church plans and the retirement bene-fits they provide. 
While the corrections contained in PATH Act 
would be of tremendous help to church plans, I want to make clear that the bill does not af-fect the definition of ‘‘church plan’’ under the Internal Revenue Code or Employee Retire-ment Income Security Act of 1974, ERISA. In particular, no inference is intended by this leg-islation regarding the statutory requirements a pension plan must meet to be considered or treated as a ‘‘church plan’’ under IRC section 414(e) of the Internal Revenue Code and sec-tion 3(33) of ERISA, and the bill has no bear-ing on the interpretation of those sections. Rather, the Church Plan Clarification Act is simply about fixing the rules that govern how church plans operate and serve their partici-pants. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,788,138,221,346.49. We’ve 
added $8,161,261,172,243.41 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GARY BRACKETT ON 
THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIRE-MENT 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor and congratulate Gary Brackett, longtime Business and Political Manager for the Tacoma-Pierce County Chamber of Com-merce, on his retirement after nearly four dec-ades of service to the Tacoma-Pierce County community. 
The Puget Sound region is home to a large 
number of military personnel, retirees, and their families. Over the course of Gary’s 36 years at the Chamber, his top priority has been to advocate for this community in Pierce County and beyond. When Joint Base Lewis- McChord (JBLM)—and other military installa-tions—faced drastic cuts to its workforce in re-cent years due to federal budget cuts in de-fense spending, Gary led local efforts to retain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.013 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1832 December 18, 2015 
as many troops as possible by providing the 
U.S. Army with a quantitative analysis of JBLM’s vital role to the region and to U.S. na-tional security. His diligence and successful coalition-building helped to minimize the nega-tive impacts that a reduction in military per-sonnel would have entailed, including a pro-jected $1 billion loss in economic activity in the region that could have resulted. 
Throughout his career at the Chamber, Gary 
made it a priority to not only interact with local and state leaders, but to have a presence in Washington, D.C. as well. He was instru-mental in helping to secure federal funding for the construction of much-needed elementary schools at JBLM, local water and sewage projects, and other transportation infrastructure improvements on base. In recognition of his leadership, Gary was asked by Governor Ins-lee to serve on the Washington Military Alli-ance (WMA) where he worked to ensure the continued liveliness of Washington’s military and defense sector community. 
Gary’s success at building coalitions in-
cludes his significant role in the development of an ongoing positive relationship between JBLM and its surrounding communities. Through his work to create the Chamber’s Military Affairs Forum, base commanders and personnel have the opportunity to interact with local business and political leaders on a monthly basis. The Forum has served as an open platform to discuss controversial issues including joint land use and clear zone fund-ing. Due to its success over the years, the Military Affairs Forum has served as a model for similar military communities across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I 
congratulate Gary Brackett on his retirement and accomplishments. His leadership has been critical to fostering a thriving economy and maintaining the quality of life of Pierce County businesses and military personnel and their families in Washington State. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RON HAYNES 
ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE CITY OF HURST, TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Ron Haynes on his well- earned retirement from the City of Hurst, Texas. 
Ron Haynes is a hardworking, respected 
employee of Hurst, and has been since he began in March of 1985. He has displayed strong leadership and instilled positive change throughout his tenure. His quick ascension demonstrates his dedication, efficiency, and success as a worker for the people of Hurst. Ron began as an engineer in 1985, became Director of Public Works just two years later, and has held that post since. 
Born a Texan, Ron graduated from the Uni-
versity of Texas at Arlington in 1970 and mar-ried his wife, Dixie, in 1971. He then attended North Texas State University where he would graduate with a Master in Public Administra-tion in 1982 while working for Dallas Water Utilities. They went on to have three beautiful children, Brian, Keri and Amy. Outside of work, Ron is very active in the 
community. He has been involved in several organizations and groups over the years. Ron was a member of Rotary in the Mid-Cities for nearly a decade, as well as the City of Fort Worth’s Wholesale Water and Wastewater Customers’ Committee for 28 years. Other or-ganizations he participated in over the years include the American Water Works Associa-tion, American Society of Civil Engineers, and the American Public Works Association. He also received a Distinguished Service Award from the Texas Municipal Utilities Association in 2009. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize 
the exhaustive efforts Ron has contributed to the City of Hurst. I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in recognizing Ron Haynes and his many years of service. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Omnibus Appropriations bill. While this is far from a perfect bill, I believe it represents the best way forward to keep the government open and advance many impor-tant priorities that help Maryland get ahead. I thank Ranking Members M
IKULSKI and L OWEY  
and the Democratic negotiators for their work to protect critical priorities. 
I was pleased to help lead efforts to lift se-
quester caps, which has allowed us to make needed investment to support jobs and the economy. The Purple Line, WMATA, and ef-forts to ensure a clean Chesapeake Bay are all supported. The National Institutes of Health will see its most significant funding boost in many years. Education programs like Head Start, Title I, and special education get added resources, and the maximum Pell grant will be increased. And I am pleased that funding for full consolidation of the FBI headquarters was included in the bill—Team Maryland will keep fighting for it to be relocated to Prince George’s County. 
Important tax provisions were included in 
the Omnibus. I strongly support extension of the renewable energy tax incentives that will create jobs and aid our transition to a clean energy economy. I am also pleased with the delay in the so-called Cadillac tax, which would otherwise erode health benefits for workers. The Omnibus also reauthorizes the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensa-tion Act, finally fulfilling our promise to first re-sponders. 
Democrats were also able to reject count-
less corrosive policy riders, including those that would defund Planned Parenthood, block refugees from Syria, pollute our air and water, and erode worker protections. 
However, some damaging riders remain. I 
strongly oppose lifting the oil export ban, a Christmas gift to Big Oil. If we are to reduce global carbon emissions, as world leaders pledged to do just last weekend, we must re-duce our dependence on fossil fuels and keep more of them in the ground. Lifting the export 
ban would do the opposite. Moreover, there is no evidence that American consumers would see any benefit from this policy. 
The Omnibus also contains a rider to delay 
action at the IRS to clarify rules surrounding political activities by nonprofits. It delays ef-forts at the SEC to require corporate disclo-sure of political spending, a critical step to ad-dress the dark money that is influencing our elections. 
The bill continues the prohibition on gun vio-
lence research—known as the Dickey Amend-ment—that our nation’s public health experts strongly oppose. We should be acting with ur-gency to confront this plague of violence in our nation, and that includes research into preventing injuries and death. Even former Congressman Jay Dickey, who authored the amendment, now opposes it, writing in the Washington Post that ‘‘The same evidence- based approach that is saving millions of lives from motor-vehicle crashes, as well as from smoking, cancer and HIV/AIDS, can help re-duce the toll of deaths and injuries from gun violence.’’ 
I am troubled by provisions of a cybersecu-
rity authorization that were packaged into this bill and believe they deserve a fuller hearing than the few days we have had to review this measure. While cyber attacks are a clear threat that must be confronted, we must be vigilant to ensure the protection of civil lib-erties. 
While I support the short-term extension of 
the Land and Water Conservation Fund, I am disappointed that a permanent extension was blocked. LWCF funds are a critical tool for local conservation and the program should not be allowed to lapse, as it did in October for the first time in 51 years. 
I remain concerned that we are under-
funding important investments in the middle class and those working to join the middle class, particularly in light of the enormous, un-paid-for tax package that was just passed by this House. If we can afford tax giveaways to special interests, we can afford a stronger in-vestment in middle class families and those seeking to join the middle class. More must be done to bring families out of poverty, rebuild our infrastructure, and provide opportunity to all. 
Ultimately, no bill of this size is perfect, and 
all sides have made concessions to move our country forward. I will continue to fight for the investments we need to make our nation safer, stronger, and more prosperous for all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DEAN WILLIAM 
REEDER OF GEORGE MASON UNI-VERSITY FOR HIS COMMITMENT TO THE ARTS AND EDUCATION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Dean William (Bill) Reeder of George Mason University on his career in education, management, philanthropic admin-istration, and most notably, the arts. 
Over the span of his 40-year career, Dean 
Reeder has raised over $250 million in private funds for the arts and education. Reeder is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.016 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1833 December 18, 2015 
founding and current Dean of the College of 
Visual and Performing Arts where he oversees eight academic divisions: The School of Music, School of Art, School of Dance, School of Theater, Arts Management Master’s Pro-gram, Film and Video Studies Program, Com-puter Game Design Program and the Potomac Arts Academy. 
Dean Reeder manages two regional art cen-
ters: the Center for the Arts in Fairfax as well as the Hylton Performing Arts Center. He also serves as the Co-Director of George Mason’s Confucius Institute, a partnership between Mason and the Beijing Language and Cultural University. 
In the midst of his demanding schedule, 
Reeder finds the time to teach an Arts Man-agement course, hold the distinguished honor of the Eminent Scholar’s Heritage Chairman in Arts and Cultural Criticism, and serve on two boards: United Way of the National Capital Region and CEO Forum of Prince William. 
Reeder spent eight years as the leading op-
eratic tenor engaged by the Zurich, Switzer-land Opera Company. From 1993 to 1997, Reeder was President of the Saint Louis Con-servatory of Music, followed by six years as the Education Director of the Levine School of Music located in Washington, D.C. 
Prior to joining George Mason, Reeder 
served as Vice President and General Man-ager of the Washington Performing Arts Soci-ety and two years with the Sallie Mae Cor-poration as the Founding Director of the Sallie Mae Trust for Education. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in commending Dean Bill Reeder as a promi-nent figure in Greater Prince William and tire-less champion of arts education. 
f 
HONORING BLUE SPRINGS SOUTH 
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize the Blue Springs South High School football team. This is a group of very special young men who have exemplified the finest qualities of teamwork, devotion and sportsmanship by taking an ac-tive part in the classroom and on the field. These Jaguars relentlessly pursued their goal and were rewarded with their third state foot-ball title, as well as having a perfect 14–0 sea-son. 
The Blue Springs South Jaguars defeated 
the defending champions, Christian Brothers College, 37–28 in the Missouri Class Six state championship. Senior Adam Cofield managed to score an astounding four times. The work and effort these young men have persevered through over the years has not only earned them numerous honors on and off the field, but also the respect of their families, class-mates, and community. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending the undefeated Blue Springs South High School football team for their ac-complishments on the field and for their efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Missouri Class Six state champions. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of the PATH Act. While this is not a perfect bill, I join with the Presi-dent in supporting this legislation as it rep-
resents clear progress for the American peo-ple. This legislation will permanently continue critical tax breaks to aid children and working families. It will permanently extend key provi-sions like the R&D tax credit and Section 179 expensing that will help our small businesses and manufacturers grow jobs and strengthen the economy. This bipartisan bill moves us for-ward as a nation both in terms of the benefits it provides and the signal it sends that it is possible for Congress to break the gridlock that has unfortunately engulfed Washington for too long. 
I am particularly proud that the permanent 
extension of the R&D tax credit that I spon-sored along with Chairman K
EVIN BRADY was 
included in this legislation. The R&D tax credit is a driver of innovation and economic growth, and making it permanent will provide the cer-tainty American companies need to make the long-term investments in our nation and in our workers for technologies that will keep our global economic edge. The R&D credit, along with a permanent extension of the Section 179 expensing credit, will give businesses in Con-necticut and across the country the stability they need in the tax code to move our econ-omy forward. 
For children and working families, this legis-
lation also offers a permanent extension of critical tax credits. The permanent extension of the Recovery Act enhancements of the EITC and CTC credits as well as the AOTC will en-sure millions of working families across the country will continue to receive well-deserved tax breaks. Without this extension, by 2018, over 50 million individuals would have lost part or all of their credits. In Connecticut, 141,000 children in 42,000 families would lose access to part or all of their EITC or CTC credits. These provisions are absolutely critical and without them, I would not have been able to support this agreement. I wholeheartedly agree with my colleagues who have argued that the CTC should be indexed for inflation and while it is unfortunate that indexing is not included in this agreement, I will continue to fight for its inclusion on bills moving forward. 
In addition, this bill includes other important 
provisions, including a permanent extension of a deduction for teachers who purchase sup-plies for their classrooms as well as critical charitable provisions such as a credit for the donation of food inventory and a provision that allows for tax-free distributions from IRAs for charitable purposes. It also incorporates other bills that will help with economic development, like the New Markets Tax credit, the low in-come housing tax credit, and legislation ensur-ing tax relief for another year for homeowners who have had part of their mortgage debt for-given. 
Finally, I want to thank the negotiators for 
including a bill that I co-authored with Rep. S
AMJOHNSON —the Wrongful Convictions Tax 
Relief Act, which ensures that compensation awards received by those who were wrongfully accused are not subjected to federal taxes on their awards. I first introduced the bill with Mr. J
OHNSON in 2007 following the exoneration of 
James Tillman in Connecticut. I was proud to co-author this bill with Mr. J
OHNSON , a true 
American hero, which rights a tremendous wrong in the tax code. Individuals who have been wrongfully accused have already suf-fered enough, so the notion that they would be taxed on the awards they receive as a result of their wrongful imprisonment is unconscion-able. Once again, I thank the negotiators for including this common-sense bill in this pack-age. 
On the whole, this bill will provide tremen-
dous benefits for children, working families, and economic growth in our country. I support this bill and look forward to its passage. 
f 
LONG BEACH LOSES LEGEND, 
MARILYN GREEN 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
considerable sadness and a profound sense of loss that I report that the Long Beach com-munity lost a dear friend and a dedicated pub-lic servant on the passing of Marilyn Green on October 29, 2015. Marilyn—with long-time pro-fessional partner Dick Cantrell—founded the law firm of Cantrell Green—now Cantrell Green Pekich Cruz & McCort—in 1971. 
Marilyn was also the heart and soul of the 
progressive movement in Long Beach. She was a advocate, mentor, and friend to several generations of progressive leaders in Long Beach. I count myself lucky to have had her friendship and counsel over the years. 
A native of Newark, New Jersey, Marilyn 
eventually made her way to Stanford Law School. While attending as one of only two fe-male students in her class, she met and mar-
ried journalist Terence Green. 
Determined to finish what she started, she 
sat for the California Bar exam in 1951 and was admitted to practice law in January, 1952, just one month before her first son, Alan, was born. She used to recall how odd it felt walk-ing to take her oath while almost 9 months pregnant. 
Terry’s job brought them to Playa del Rey 
and, eventually, to the Long Beach area that would become their home for well over 50 years. 
Like many women of her generation, Marilyn 
found herself unwelcome in many law firms due to her gender and was limited to family law practice. Knowing it was a matter of time before she found the right job, she settled into family law. She used to joke that, as a young lawyer, she had no idea how to create a safe exit strategy while interviewing a less-than-sa-vory character. During one such interview, she decided ‘‘the case was much too complicated’’ and referred the person to the FBI. She later told us ‘‘From then on, I decided to keep the FBI’s number in my top drawer, but think I cer-tainly wore out my welcome.’’ 
Marilyn joined the prestigious Levy & Van 
Bourg firm as an applicant’s attorney in Work-ers’ Compensation in the late 1960s early 1970s. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18DE8.012 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1834 December 18, 2015 
When she and Richard Cantrell first opened 
Cantrell and Green in 1971, their first office was a public phone booth on the comer of Broadway and Pine Avenue in downtown Long Beach. Later, good friend and union official, Tony Rodriguez from the United Rubber Work-ers Union, would offer them a small office at his Local. 
Marilyn and Richard would go on to build 
Cantrell and Green into one of the most well- known and respected workers’ compensation firms in Southern California. Their practice also included social security, labor law, and personal injury claims. 
Not only did Marilyn Green talk the talk, she 
walked the walk. When asked why she would settle in a practice not as lucrative as other areas of practice, Marilyn said ‘‘If I wanted to make money, I would never have chosen a workers’ compensation practice. However, I love and believe in what I do and that is why I became a lawyer.’’ 
Over the years, Marilyn was honored by 
many organizations, including being named as Long Beach Bar Association Lawyer of the Year. 
She was a true professional in her work, a 
good friend to many, and a powerful force for good in our community who will be sorely missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE TREZEVANT 
HIGH SCHOOL MIGHTY PURPLE BEARS ON WINNING THE TSSAA BLUECROSS BOWL DIVISION 1 CLASS 2A FOOTBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Mighty Purple Bears of Trezevant High School and Coach Teli White and his coaching staff on winning the TSSAA BlueCross Bowl Division 1 Class 2A Football State Championship game against Marion County High School on Saturday, December 5, 2015 in Cookeville, TN. 
The Mighty Purple Bears were led by Jr. 
standout Running Back and Strong Safety Cordarrian Richardson, who carried the ball 41 times for 342 yards scoring 3 touchdowns and throwing for 1 touchdown. Cordarrian’s play set a new state record by surpassing Omar Williams of St. George’s 322 yards record set in 2011. 
Under Coach White’s leadership, Trezevant 
advanced to the championship game by de-feating Oakhaven High School (Memphis, TN) 54–0, Douglass High School (Memphis, TN) 54–0, Manassas High School (Memphis, TN) 22–0, Trinity Christian Academy (Jackson, TN) 52–14, and Marion County High School (Jas-per, TN) 40–35. The Mighty Purple Bears fin-ished their season 12–3. 
This is Trezevant’s first state title. I am ex-
tremely proud of their academic and athletic success. I know the mighty Purple Bears will keep riding the waves of success and rep-resent their community and the city of Mem-phis with pride. Go Purple Bears. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in opposition to the H–2B riders included in the FY2016 Appropriations Omnibus. These provisions, which were included without de-bate or advanced warning, would more than triple the number of H–2B foreign worker visas available for the coming year, negatively im-pacting working families in districts like my own in Houston and Harris County, Texas. 
The H–2B Program was created by Con-
gress to provide temporary, nonagricultural workers for American companies when there were no qualified American workers available to fill a position. The Program, unfortunately, is not working as intended. Instead, it is being used by some employers to hire cheaper, for-eign workers, leaving too many highly-skilled American workers out of a job. 
Mr. Speaker, this is simply wrong and a ter-
rible holiday surprise for the thousands of working families in our country who will be left out of a job next year by the expansion of the H–2B Program. These anti-worker provisions in this legislation will degrade wages and con-ditions for workers in hazardous industries and gut standards that ensure that U.S. workers can fairly compete for jobs. 
I call on my colleagues to join me to protect 
American workers from unfair foreign worker competition and eliminate the expansion of the H–2B Program. 
f 
THE FAST ACT (H.R. 22) 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, after years 
of unnecessary delays and short term patch-es, I am pleased that Congress has finally passed a long term surface transportation bill that addresses the needs of our nation’s crum-bling infrastructure. 
The FAST Act (H.R. 22) provides $281 bil-
lion for highway, transit, and highway safety programs. This is $26.8 billion above fiscal year 2015 levels and $12.8 billion above what would have been allocated in the earlier House-passed version of the bill. For Minneso-tans, this means a 5% increase in federal highway funding and an 8% increase for tran-sit support. 
H.R. 22 establishes two new initiatives that 
will provide dedicated federal funding specifi-cally targeted at reducing freight bottlenecks around the country. This legislation promotes safety by boosting funding for railway-highway grade crossings, motor carrier safety grants, and includes $200 million to help commuter railroads implement Positive Train Control. The FAST Act also reauthorizes the Ex-Im Bank, which aids small to medium-sized busi-nesses in attracting new customers and pro-vide critical resources necessary to export goods and services around the globe. While I am disappointed that some of the 
funding levels in the conference agreement are not as robust as I would like, I recognize the importance of giving federal, state and local planners and contractors the long-term stability and resources necessary to repair our highways and bridges, prioritize rail, and pipe-line safety, and grow our transit infrastructure as a whole. This is a significant accomplish-ment, and shows that it is possible for this Congress to work together in a bipartisan manner. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-
porting this legislation and continuing to invest in American infrastructure. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, as the 
ranking member of the Appropriations Sub-committee on Homeland Security, I can attest that Division F of the bill before us today, which provides funds for the Department of Homeland Security, is the result of careful consideration, intense scrutiny, and bipartisan collaboration. I want to thank Chairman C
AR-
TER for his leadership and his partnership in 
crafting our portion of the bill. 
The bill provides significant resources for 
critical priorities, including funding: to recapi-talize the Coast Guard air and marine fleets; 
to fully fund FEMA’s disaster relief activities, including wildfire management assistance grants, and to significantly enhance support for flood mapping and pre-disaster mitigation; to maintain funding for FEMA terrorism pre-paredness grants, including $50 million in new funding to help communities counter violent extremism and prepare for complex, coordi-nated terrorist attacks; to allow the Secret Service to continue implementing the rec-ommendations of the Protective Mission Panel; and to enhance cybersecurity across the federal government, along with significant additional funds to help protect DHS’s own cyber systems. 
I am pleased that the bill does not include 
the harmful immigration policy riders that were adopted during committee consideration of the House bill. 
I am also pleased that the omnibus incor-
porates a number of amendments and prior-ities I fought for during the Appropriations Committee markups. These include my amendment with Congresswoman L
EEwhich 
creates and funds a comprehensive, non-par-tisan child poverty study, and my amendment to defund the licensing or relicensing of Class B animal dealers who sell ‘‘random source’’ dogs and cats for use in research. It is also important to note that my colleagues and I were successful in preserving funding for the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) and the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS). 
This funding bill is not entirely what I had 
hoped for. Many of my colleagues feel the same way, and I share many of their con-cerns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.020 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1835 December 18, 2015 
I was extremely disappointed that provisions 
to help our U.S. Citizen Puerto Rican brothers and sisters manage the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico were not included in the bill. The resi-dents of Puerto Rico are suffering, and we have a responsibility to provide them with the tools they need to rebuild their economy. 
I was also disappointed that on the heels of 
a historic climate change agreement, the bill includes a giveaway to Big Oil by ending the 40-year prohibition on the exportation of crude oil. This prohibition was set in place to help our country achieve energy independence and to protect national security and economic in-terests. Lifting this ban will only hinder our goals and harm American refinery jobs, all for the sake of a handout to Big Oil. 
However, without this omnibus bill, my 
home state of California and communities across the country would be faced with the uncertain funding level of a continuing resolu-tion, or, in the worst case, the effects of a gov-ernment shutdown. 
We cannot risk another government shut-
down or another year of flat funding for the critical programs our communities need. On balance, I believe this bill should move for-ward. For that reason, I ask for an aye vote. 
f 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the cyber-
security measures in the legislation before us today results from a bill passed unanimously by the House Homeland Security Committee and the House Select Committee on Intel-ligence, who both worked closely with the Ju-diciary Committee to craft the liability provi-sions included in the House-passed bill, and in the bill before us today. I rise to discuss its li-ability provisions in particular. 
It is increasingly clear that government at all 
levels must rely on the private sector to help counter more and varied threats to its citizens by those who would do them harm. Those threats can come in the form of terrorist mass shootings, suicide bombers, and cyber-attacks that steal people’s personal identification, money, and credit. At the same time, abusive lawsuits have made the private sector less and less willing to take action to reduce public risks because of the fear of frivolous lawsuits. 
To date, Congress has enacted two federal 
statutes, the SAFETY Act and the PREP Act, to provide private entities that are on the front lines in the war with terrorists with protection from debilitating litigation that would otherwise deter them from acting at all. The legislation before us today is a logical extension of those vital efforts. 
Soon after the terrorist attacks of September 
11, 2001, the federal government appealed di-rectly to the private sector for help in com-bating terrorism. Shortly thereafter, a team of the nation’s leading scientists called for a comprehensive rethinking of our anti-terrorism infrastructure, underscoring the need to en-courage private activity so existing tech-nologies could be quickly brought into use. Ac-
cording to their report, conducted under the auspices of the National Academies, ‘‘Re-search performed but not exploited, and tech-nologies invented but not manufactured and deployed, do not help the nation protect itself.’’ 
As part of the Homeland Security Act of 
2002, Congress enacted liability protections that the Department of Homeland Security could extend to providers of effective anti-ter-rorism technologies. The SAFETY Act has re-sulted in the deployment of tens of thousands of anti-terrorism technologies to protect inno-cent Americans that would not have been de-ployed absent the Act’s lawsuit protections. 
The SAFETY Act was initially opposed by 
the trial lawyers and their allies. But it soon came to enjoy broad bipartisan support. So much so that in January, 2007, just after the Democrats took control the House, a bill di-recting the Secretary of Homeland Security to streamline the SAFETY Act and anti-terrorism technology procurement processes passed by a vote of 427 to zero. During the debate on that legislation, the Democratic Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, B
ENNIE THOMPSON , said during debate on the 
bill: ‘‘Today I rise to support a bill that reaf-firms our commitment to ensuring that safe and effective antiterrorism technologies are being deployed . . . In order to generate revo-lutionary breakthroughs in antiterrorism tech-nologies, the Department must actively pro-mote awareness of SAFETY Act protections not only among private sector, but across gov-ernment procurement agencies . . . We must enable the private sector to deliver the revolu-tionary, breakthrough technologies that will help win the Nation’s fight against terrorism.’’ 
In 2005, Congress enacted the Public Read-
iness and Emergency Preparedness Act, the ‘‘PREP Act.’’ Under the PREP Act, covered entities are protected from lawsuits when they engage in federally approved efforts to create vaccines and other means of stopping the spread of pandemics and other biological threats, including biological attacks by terror-ists. Again, the PREP Act was initially op-posed by the trial lawyers and their allies. But after it became law, President Obama, along with his predecessor, applied the PREP Act’s protections many times, including to cover those making and administering influenza vac-cines. Just last December, President Obama’s Secretary of Health and Human Services ap-plied the PREP Act’s lawsuit protections to those manufacturing and distributing vaccines to help prevent the spread of the Ebola virus. In a press release announcing the application of the liability protections to those companies, the Secretary of Health and Human Services stated, and I quote, ‘‘The PREP Act was de-signed to facilitate the development of medical countermeasures to respond to urgent public health needs, including the development of critical vaccines like those to prevent the spread of Ebola . . . My strong hope . . . is that other nations will also enact appropriate li-ability protection . . .’’ Indeed, one of the vac-cines the President protected from excessive liability under the PREP Act was able to quick-ly advance through its testing phases such that, by this August, it was declared ‘‘highly ef-fective.’’ 
Today, I am proud to continue the bipartisan 
tradition of protecting the private sector from lawsuits when it’s necessary to help the fed-eral government do its job in protecting our nation’s citizens from attack. CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SER-
GEANT KEVIN GALE STAUFFER 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the memory of Sergeant Kevin Gale Stauffer of Tupelo, Mississippi who joined his Heavenly Father on December 23, 2013. 
Sergeant Stauffer made the ultimate sac-
rifice when he gave his life while keeping the citizens of the city of Tupelo safe during a tragic encounter following a reported bank rob-bery. The lives of others were saved because of Sergeant Stauffer’s actions. 
Known to his family and friends as Gale, as 
a young man he earned the honor of being awarded the Eagle Scout badge. After grad-uating high school, he went on to attend Itawamba Community College where he was a member of the Indians football team. With a passion for learning, he continued his edu-cation at the University of Mississippi where he earned a degree in criminal justice. 
A true patriot, Gale felt called to serve his 
country. He enlisted in the Louisiana Army Na-tional Guard, 1088th Engineer Battalion and bravely served his tour of duty in Iraq as a Sergeant in 2004 and 2005. 
Prior to his tour of duty in Iraq, Sergeant 
Stauffer worked for the Lee County Sheriff’s Department. Upon his return from deployment, he joined the ranks of the Tupelo Police De-partment. He was a true public servant and loved his job as a police officer. He was a thorough investigator who always showed sin-cere compassion for every victim. 
Outside of work, Gale was known for his 
love of the outdoors, his Cajun cooking, and his passion for LSU football. He was also a member of First United Methodist Church in Tupelo. 
Above all, those who knew Sergeant 
Stauffer knew him as an adoring and devoted husband to his wife Beth and a kind loving fa-ther to his two children, Dixie and Skip. 
He is survived by his wife, Beth; daughter, 
Dixie Breckenridge Stauffer; and son, Kevin Gale (Skip) Stauffer, III of Tupelo. He is also survived by his father, Kevin Gale Stauffer, Sr. and stepmother, Kay Stauffer of Baton Rouge, LA; mother, Deborah Brangenberg and step-father, Carl J. Brangenberg of Tupelo; sister, Caroline Turney (Brandon) of Tupelo; two stepbrothers, Scott Cooper of Baton Rouge, LA and Chris Brangenberg of Breaux Bridge, LA; stepsister, Carla Brangenberg of Mem-phis, TN; grandmother, Dr. Dorothy Twiss Sinopoli of Gulf Breeze, FL; grandparents, Dr. Roy and Mrs. Lorene McAlilly of Tupelo. 
My thoughts and prayers continue to be with 
Sergeant Stauffer’s family and friends. 
f 
SUPPORTING DEBT RELIEF FOR 
PUERTO RICO 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to stand with our fellow Ameri-cans, the 3.5 million American citizens of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.024 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1836 December 18, 2015 
Puerto Rico, in urging Republican leadership 
to make good on the promise that action will be taken by March 31st to allow the U.S. terri-tory to restructure its debt. This agreement made last night is welcome news as we can-not continue to ignore the urgency of the mounting fiscal and economic crisis facing Puerto Rico. 
On behalf of all Puerto Ricans, including the 
more than 12,000 who reside in my home state of Alabama, I remain disappointed that a deal to enable the territory to restructure its debt and keep its schools, hospitals, and roads open and functioning past January 1 was not included in the Omnibus. The sov-ereignty of the Puerto Rican people is our re-sponsibility. 
I represent parts of Jefferson County, Ala-
bama, a political subdivision which became the biggest U.S. municipal bankruptcy in 2011. While we all can agree bankruptcy isn’t a cure-all and it definitely has its limits, it is often necessary to begin the process of dealing with an unimaginable debt load. Puerto Rico should have the same power to avail them-selves of the federal remedies and negotiate directly with their bond holders as every U.S. state has. 
Puerto Rico is the third-largest issuer of mu-
nicipal bonds in the U.S. and now has a debt totaling $72 billion, amounting to $20,000 for every man, woman, and child on the island. As over 50 percent of Puerto Rico’s citizens live in poverty, default will potentially lead to a humanitarian crisis. 
At no cost to us, we can allow the U.S. terri-
tory to restructure its debt and declare bank-ruptcy, ultimately keeping the basic functions of government open and avoiding real social and economic harm to the American citizens living on the island. 
But we can’t stop there. We all must remain 
committed to assisting Puerto Rico in a long- term solution to the economic and social chal-lenges the island has been facing for far too long. 
The island territory of Puerto Rico has al-
ready suffered a decade of economic stagna-tion, high unemployment, and cuts in every program from higher education to health care. The government of Puerto Rico has closed 160 schools in the past two years and is spending $2,000 less per student than the av-erage spent in the states. It has laid off 21 percent of its employees since 2008 with fur-ther cuts projected in 2016. The Puerto Rican people can ill-afford more cuts. We in Con-gress must do our part. 
We should prevent further crisis by giving 
our U.S. territory of Puerto Rico the ability to restructure its debt and deal with the root causes of the crisis just as all U.S. states have the ability to do. 
I want to commend the leadership of L
UIS 
GUTIE´RREZ , NYDIA VELA´ZQUEZ , Leader P ELOSI , 
JOSE´SERRANO , and P EDRO PIERLUISI for their 
tireless commitment to the people of Puerto Rico and all Hispanic Americans. It is because of their efforts that Republican leadership has agreed to take action by March 31st. We all need to follow their lead in standing up for the American people who live, work, and raise their families in our territories. 
Today I stand with the Puerto Rican people 
in urging this body to work together on a bi-partisan, commonsense restructuring bill that provides economic hope to the people of Puerto Rico. HONORING THE 2015 STARS OVER 
DULLES AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the Dulles Regional Chamber of Com-merce for its ongoing dedication to local busi-nesses and our community and to congratu-late the 2015 ‘‘Stars Over Dulles’’ Award re-cipients. 
This year, at the 20th Annual Stars Over 
Dulles Awards Luncheon, the Chamber will honor those extraordinary businesses, non- profit organizations and citizens who have dedicated their talents and activities to en-hancing our economy and our community. 
As the former Chairman of the Fairfax 
County Board of Supervisors, and now as a Member of Congress representing this com-munity, I have been proud to partner with the Chamber on promoting the region’s pro-busi-ness climate and celebrating the service that so many individuals and businesses provide to our community. 
I am pleased to submit the following recipi-
ents of the 2015 Stars Over Dulles Awards: 
Public Service Star: Presented to Delegate 
Thomas Rust (86th District) for more than 30 years of public service, including as Chairman of the House of Delegates Transportation Committee and as Mayor of Herndon. 
Veterans Star: Presented to Col. Paul Pat-
ton, USAF (Retired) of CACI, whose life of service has extended far beyond his time in the Air Force and serves as an example for others to follow. 
Community Stars: Presented to Doug and 
Annie Downer and Laura and George Price for their organization of the beverage shifts during the World Police and Fire Games, during which they found the personnel for 391 volun-teer shifts. 
Innovation Stars: Presented to Bruce Blechl, 
Jerome Williams, Bill Knight, and Barry Biggar for their presentation to Fairfax County of the idea to host the 2015 World Police and Fire Games. 
STEM Star: Presented to The Childrens 
Science Center for their opening of a new lab-oratory in Fair Oaks this summer. The lab is a major addition to our region’s ability to en-courage a new generation of STEM learners. 
Housing Star: Presented posthumously to 
Bill Lauer, founder of Tetra Partners, for his tireless work to end homelessness in Fairfax County. Bill was a driver of Fairfax County’s efforts to preserve affordable housing and the Initiative to End Homelessness, built homes himself, and was about to become president of Cornerstones before his untimely death. 
Deal of the Year: Presented to The Town of 
Herndon for its managing of the sale of the Ashwell property, which will allow the town to consolidate its plans to redevelop the down-town area. 
Technology Star: Presented to Peter Jobse 
of the Center for Innovative Technology, who is retiring this year after leading the Center for almost 40 years. 
Global Business Star: Presented to Trade 
Center Management Associates, home to the International Trade Center, for providing a dy-namic forum for trade promotion in the heart of the nation’s capital. New Business Star: Presented to Stone 
Springs Hospital Center, which opened a brand new facility earlier this year to provide needed care to thousands of individuals with the help of their dedicated staff and resources. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in congratulating the 2015 Stars Over Dulles Award recipients and in thanking these busi-nesses and individuals for their many contribu-tions to our region’s economic success and quality of life. These contributions are among the many reasons why Fairfax County is one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family. I commend them on their awards and wish them great success in all future endeavors. 
f 
REFLECTING ON THE NEED FOR 
THE WORLD’S RECOMMITMENT TO RECOVERING THE CHIBOK GIRLS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the House for one minute and to revise and extend my re-marks. 
Today is the last day that the House will be 
in session this year and it is imperative that we pause for a moment before we depart to our various homes to reflect on the fact that 612 days have passed since the Chibok girls were kidnapped from their dormitories in the middle of night. 
To keep these girls on our minds, all of us 
here in Congress have worn red every Wednesday to signal the urgency of rescuing, recovering and reintegrating these young women back into the arms of their parents. 
I have met with the Nigerian President and 
was part of a delegation to Nigeria to engage local leaders, activists, businesses and fami-lies of the kidnapped girls on strategies for re-covering and reintegrating the Chibok girls and many others who have been kidnapped. 
These girls are not throwaways and the 
world cannot and should not forget them. 
We must continue to press on in our con-
certed efforts to assure these daughters of the world that we still care, that we are committed to bringing them back home and will work to reintegrate them back into our community with open arms. 
As founder and Co-Chair of the Caucus on 
Nigeria and Co-Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, the rescue, return and re-integration of the kidnapped Chibok girls con-tinue to be my top priority. 
I believe that with our commitment, just as 
the Aboke girls were recovered after being kidnapped in Northern Uganda by the Lord’s Resistance Army, the Chibok girls will be res-cued, returned home and reintegrated back into the human family. 
This is why I have introduced H. Res. 528, 
legislation that enjoyed bipartisan support of my colleagues including Representatives C
HU 
of California, L EEof California, D OLDof Illinois, 
HAHN of California, K ELLY of Illinois, F UDGE of 
Ohio, W ATSON -COLEMAN of New Jersey, S E-
WELL of Alabama, B ROWN of Florida, T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi and my good friend Ms. 
WILSON of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.027 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1837 December 18, 2015 
My resolution seeks to create a Victims of 
Terror Protection Fund for the protection of the Chibok girls when they return home as well as provision of much needed support for them and other displaced refugees, migrants and victims of Boko Haram’s terror in the region. 
The Chibok girls have the fundamental 
human right to freedom of movement, to edu-cation and to the full realization of their human potential. 
Last week, in our celebrations of the United 
Nations Human Rights Day, the global com-munity rededicated itself to the key Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights: the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the International Cov-enant on Civil and Political Rights, Covenants that serve as the bedrock of the International Bill of Rights: protecting the rights of all human beings. 
Indeed, we must continue to always fight for 
the freedoms of the least among us whether those for whom we fight are out of sight such as the kidnapped teenage girls from a board-ing school in Chibok or educated medical doc-tors fleeing violent extremism in Syria. 
The bottom line is that our obligations in the 
human family must revolve around and be grounded in our conviction and commitment to 
the rights to freedom of movement, freedom of speech, freedom of worship, freedom from want, and the freedom from fear or terrorism, among others. 
We must remain steadfast in guaranteeing 
these fundamental freedoms and protect the human rights of all to achieve peace and pros-perity in our world. 
When they were kidnapped, the Chibok girls 
were 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 year olds who are now turning 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 and 18—living out the formative years of their lives in captivity in the claws of thugs. 
Our silence is a waste of time and this is 
why we must keep speaking, keep tweeting, keep seeking to recover our daughters. 
This cannot be the fate or the end of the 
story of their lives. 
We must not and cannot forget Blessing 
Abana, Deborah Abari, Rebecca Mallum, Naomi Luka, Esther Markus, Zara Ishaku, Ruth Joshua, Grace Paul, Rebecca Luka and the others. 
Chibok girls, daughters of the world, this 
holiday season, you remain in our thoughts and prayers. 
Notwithstanding your captivity, let me as-
sure you that your spirits, souls and bodies are sacred to us, no matter what attacks the enemies of peace may have perpetrated upon you. 
Like your sister from Pakistan, Malala, who 
was shot in the head for seeking her edu-cation and who continues to fight for your re-covery, your best days are ahead because we know that when you girls thrive our world thrives. 
This is why we are counting on you to keep 
holding on and be assured that help is on the way. RECOGNIZING CAREPAYMENT AND 
BEACON HEALTH SYSTEM 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to acknowledge Beacon Health System in my district for their collaboration with CarePayment. 
Beacon Health System continues to look for 
new, innovative ways to care for their patients. 
They have partnered with CarePayment to 
provide a financing service that allows patients to spread out the payment of medical bills. 
Oftentimes, patients face sticker shock 
when they discover what their out-of-pocket medical expenses will ultimately cost. 
Some plans with high-deductibles force pa-
tients to pay $6,000 for an individual plan, or $12,000 for a family plan before their health insurance kicks in to cover medical bills. 
In order to provide more financial relief to 
patients in my district, Beacon Health and CarePayment are now providing a patient- friendly, financing program. 
Everyone is eligible, regardless of income or 
employment status, and participating in this program has no impact on the patient’s credit score. 
The constituents I serve are concerned with 
rising medical costs. 
In fact, many of them face difficult decisions 
when it comes to prioritizing their healthcare. 
I am grateful for partnerships like the one 
between Beacon Health and CarePayment for providing patient driven solutions to Hoosiers. 
I will keep working on bipartisan reforms to 
move in this direction. 
f 
PHYSICIAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dr. Ed Uthman for being named OakBend Medical Center’s 2015 Physician of the Year. 
Dr. Uthman has a long and distinguished 
career with OakBend Medical Center, serving as its Laboratory Medical Director since 1990. During his 25 years with the hospital, he’s helped countless patients and continues to lead his colleagues with distinction. Dr. Uthman was also named to OakBend Medical Center’s board of directors. Thank you for tak-ing such great care of our community. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dr. Ed Uthman for being named OakBend Medical Center’s 2015 Physician of the Year. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DAN COX’S SERVICE 
TO OUR COMMUNITY 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, citizens 
in Montgomery County are blessed with school districts that provide a world-class edu-
cation and community organizations with a mission to serve. 
Without individuals like Dan Cox, neither 
would be as successful. Throughout his time in Montgomery County and the Greater Hous-ton Area, Dan has used his talents to serve others. 
Dan, who earned a bachelor’s degree in 
mechanical engineering and a master’s de-gree in business administration from The Uni-versity of Texas in Austin, spent the first six years of his career as an accountant and con-sultant. 
He entered private industry in 1979 and co- 
founded a cardiovascular medical device com-pany in 1984. 
Dan’s professional endeavors took a back 
seat to his increasing community involvement which began with his service on the board of directors for the Houston division of the Amer-ican Heart Association in the 1980s. 
Dan then served as co-chair for both the 
Conroe ISD Strategic Planning Task Force and two Conroe ISD Facilities Planning Com-mittees for the 1994 and 1998 bond referen-dums. 
Following his service on the board of direc-
tors of the Arthritis Foundation and the sale of his company in 1999, Dan held several execu-tive and consulting positions in addition to serving as chairman of The Woodlands United Methodist Church Building Committee. 
In 2003, Dan was named Chief Financial 
Officer of Conroe ISD. During his time with the school district, Dan contributed to three suc-cessful bond referendums as well as the ac-quisition of numerous financial accolades for the district including the Platinum Leadership Circle Awards for financial transparency and five-star FAST ratings for high academic standards and efficient spending in public edu-cation issued by the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts. 
Dan is a current member and past president 
of the Rotary Club of The Woodlands as well as Paul Harris Fellow. 
Dan Cox’s dedication to his community and 
service to others stand as an example and in-spiration to all. While he will be missed at Conroe ISD, I can’t imagine Dan will ever stop looking for a way to serve. 
f 
HONORING NAAKH VYSOKY 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
take a moment to recognize one of the most distinguished constituents in my district, Naakh Vysoky, who will turn ninety-five on January 3, 2016. Quite simply Mr. Vysoky is a man who overcame some of life’s greatest obstacles to become a champion within the field of medi-cine and a respected leader amongst the Rus-sian Jewish Community. 
Naakh Vysoky was born in 1921, in 
Kishinev, Moldavia, when it was still a part of Romania. In 1940, during an invasion by the U.S.S.R., the Soviets considered his family ‘‘rich’’ and took almost everything they owned. Hardship and tragedy again struck Naakh’s family in 1941 when Nazi Germany invaded Romania. Naakh witnessed the death of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.028 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1838 December 18, 2015 
mother, sister, brother-in-law and a young 
nephew. To compound matters further, he also lost all contact with his father. 
Forced to make an almost impossible 
choice, Naakh escaped Nazi persecution by fleeing to the Soviet Union. He was imme-diately sent to a Siberian concentration camp. After several years in this camp—and having witnessed countless deaths of his friends al-most on a daily basis—he was given an option to stay there or join the Soviet Army to fight the Nazis. He chose to fight and was wounded shortly after. While in the hospital during his recovery, Naakh was recruited and trained to become a medical professional. He spent the rest of the war working at that hospital and helping countless wounded soldiers and civil-ians. 
After the war, Naakh embarked upon an ex-
tensive search for his father and found him in 1948 in the City of Chernowetz. Although the city had been part of Romania, it was then part of the western Ukraine inside the Soviet Union. When the U.S.S.R. closed their bor-ders, Naakh’s hopes of emigrating were dashed. However, he was able to find a good hospital job and a place to live in Storoshinetz, one of Chernowetz’s suburbs. While there, Naakh was recognized as a talented medical professional who championed efforts to pro-vide the best quality of care for countless peo-ple. In 1952, he married his wife Klara, who was a school teacher. Two years later, his daughter Faina was born. His wife Klara be-came one of the most respected teachers in the region due to her strong advocacy for edu-cation and her devotion to her students. 
During his time in Storoshinetz, Naakh be-
came increasingly alarmed and appalled at the rampant anti-Semitism that existed under the oppressive Soviet regime. In 1972, due to the international movement against Soviet anti- Semitism, the possibility of immigration be-came real. However, that same year, Faina was accepted into medical school in Chernowetz. Naakh decided to stay so Faina could attain her medical degree. Once that was achieved, Naakh and his family applied for permission to leave the Soviet Union within a month of Faina’s graduation and wedding, and, in October of 1979, left the Soviet Union for New York in the United States. 
Upon their arrival in New York, Naakh’s 
grandson Gregory was born. Naakh and Klara dedicated their lives to taking care of Gregory and making sure Faina had every opportunity to study and become a physician in America. It was a very special day for the family when Faina passed her qualifying exam for a foreign medical graduate degree in September 1980, less than a year after their arrival. With great pride, Naakh and Klara watched their daugh-ter, now Faina Shtern, become the first Rus-sian-born physician to be appointed by the Massachusetts General Hospital, Harvard Medical School in 1984, and then recognized as a leader in the field of Radiology, when she became Chief of the Diagnostic Imaging Re-search Branch of the National Cancer Institute in 1990. 
A year later, in 1985, Naakh and Klara fol-
lowed Faina to Boston, where they had helped countless members of the Russian Jewish Community (RJC) in Brighton and Allston and championed their causes. Several years later, Naakh was elected a leader of the RJC grass roots movement. He has been serving in that capacity ever since and has received wide recognition for his leadership and accomplish-
ments. A number of elected officials, including former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick and the current Governor Charlie Baker; mem-bers of the Massachusetts Congressional Del-egation, members of the Massachusetts State Legislature, former Boston mayor Thomas Menino, and the current mayor of Boston, the Honorable Marty Walsh; and the Boston City Council, have all risen to acknowledge Naakh for his service to the Commonwealth and the Russian Jewish Community. 
With all this in mind, I want to acknowledge 
and sincerely thank Naakh Vysoky for his many contributions and wish him a very happy birthday and pray that he has many more to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF FATHER PAUL 
WYNANTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ex-
press my respect and admiration for Father Paul Wynants. Father Wynants has been a true spiritual leader, providing guidance and comfort to thousands since first being or-dained 64 years ago. 
Father Paul G. Wynants was born on Au-
gust 2, 1925, in Heverlee, Belgium. He en-tered the Missionhurst Congregation of the Im-maculate Heart of Mary in 1944 and was or-dained on July 29, 1951. He departed for his mission assignments in the United States in 1953. 
Father Wynants served as assistant pastor 
at Christ the King Church in Norfolk from 1954–55; professor at Maryhill Seminary in Pinesville, LA., from 1955–58; assistant pastor at St. Dominic Parish in Columbus, Ohio, from 1958–59; and assistant pastor at St. Patrick Church in Detroit, Mich., from 1959–62. In 1964, Father Wynants was appointed spiritual director and rector for the Missionhurst Semi-nary in Washington, DC. 
In 1975, he was assigned as director of vo-
cations for the U.S. Province. Residing at Missionhurst in Arlington, he also served as rector there until 1981. Under his guidance, Missionhurst evolved into the Missionhurst Mission Center, where he served as coordi-nator until 1982. 
Father Wynants served as the Catholic 
chaplain at Fairfax Hospital from 1982–2005, and priest at St. Ambrose Church in Annan-dale, VA. During those years, Father Wynants was always available to provide for the spir-itual needs of the ill and their families. Regard-less of the time of day, or the treacherous weather, he would unfailingly travel to the hos-pital and provide comfort and support to those in grief. 
On September 12, 1991, Father Wynants 
proudly served as Chaplain for a day in the United States Senate. Senator Max Baucus sponsored him for this honor, and he was in-troduced by Senator Robert Byrd. Father Wynants never forgot this honor. Sometime later, a staff member in Senator Baucus’ office became seriously ill and was recuperating at Fairfax Hospital when Father Wynants walked into her room announcing that the DCCC had sent him to check in on her. This brightened her day and she would talk about his act of 
kindness for long afterwards. 
In 1992, Father Wynants took up residence 
at Mount Tabor Community in Vienna, a house of prayer and a Christian community established in 1975 by Missionhurst Father Ar-thur Verstraete. With the help of Father Wynants, Mount Tabor has continued to grow with an ever-increasing number of members, retreatants, and activities. 
Sadly, Father Wynants is gravely ill. Family 
members have travelled to the United States from Belgium to be with him during this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in a prayer for Father Wynants and his family, and in celebration of his life of dedica-tion to his Church, his faith, his family, and our community. 
f 
HONORING KEARNEY HIGH SCHOOL 
FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize the Kearney High School football team. This is a group of very special young men who have exemplified the finest qualities of teamwork, devotion and sportsmanship by taking an active part in the classroom and on the field. These Bulldogs re-lentlessly pursued their goal and were re-warded with their fourth state football title in school history. 
The Kearney Bulldogs defeated Webb City 
17–14 in the Missouri Class Four Champion-ship. Junior Ethan Luft managed to recover a last second fumble on the goal line to secure the victory. The work and effort these young men have persevered through over the years has not only earned them numerous honors on and off the field, but also the respect of their families, classmates, and community. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending the Kearney High School football team for their accomplishments on the field and for their efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Missouri Class Four state champions. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS 
OF LINDA STONE 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor and congratulate Linda Stone— a longtime anti-hunger advocate in Seattle— on her retirement. 
For the last 30 years, Linda has been a 
prominent leader in the fight to end hunger. She is known throughout the region for her tenure as the Food Policy Director for the Chil-dren’s Alliance, a public-policy organization that advocates for the needs of children. Her history also includes service as the Director of the Governor’s Task Force on Hunger and as the founder of the Washington Food Policy Action Center. 
Linda served as the driving force behind a 
strategic plan to end childhood hunger in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.032 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1839 December 18, 2015 
Washington State and to create a summer 
meals program for children who experience food insecurity when not in school. She also showed transformative leadership through her involvement with the Western Regional Anti- Hunger Consortium, a coalition of 10 western states that collaborate on anti-hunger initia-tives. She led the coalition’s efforts to secure over $6 billion in funding for the national Sup-plemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). She also helped to create a system that assisted local farmers at community farm-ers markets to sell affordable fresh fruits and vegetables in areas that previously lacked af-fordable access. 
Linda has been recognized for her extraor-
dinary efforts numerous times, including being named National Child Advocate of the Year in 1997 by Voices for America’s Children. She is acknowledged by her colleagues as having been an unwavering and powerful champion for families that experience food insecurity. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I 
congratulate Linda Stone on her retirement and recognize her tremendous impact in the fight to end hunger, the work she has done in Washington State and beyond. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR ADRIAN 
FOSTER 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today I 
recognize Major Adrian Foster of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation. Major Foster will soon transition from his current assign-ment as an Army Congressional Liaison in the House of Representatives to the 759th Military Police Battalion at Fort Carson, Colorado. 
Adrian enlisted in the United States Army in 
1997 and received his commission through Ar-izona State University ROTC in 2003. Throughout his Army career, Adrian has served in numerous tactical, leadership, and staff assignments as a Military Police Officer. Adrian served as a Platoon Leader in the 978th Military Police Company, commanded both the 16th and 72nd Military Police Detach-ments, and served as the Provost Marshal Operations Officer at Fort Bliss, Texas, where he was responsible for daily law enforcement, military working dog operations, inter-agency collaboration and installation security. Adrian’s other previous assignments include Battalion Police Transition Team Chief, Battalion Assist-ant Operations Officer, and Battalion Oper-ations Officer. In support of contingency oper-ations, Adrian has deployed twice to Iraq for a cumulative total of 24 months. 
In 2012, Adrian was selected for the highly 
competitive Army Congressional Fellowship Program. As part of this program, Adrian was first assigned as an Army Congressional Fel-low in the office of former Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, Chairman M
IKEROGERS (R–MI). As if 
that task wasn’t daunting enough, Adrian also earned a Masters in Legislative Affairs from the George Washington University that year. 
Adrian was then assigned to serve in the 
House Army Congressional Liaison office for the remainder of his Fellowship Program. Army Congressional Liaison Officers provide 
Members and staff insight and understanding of Army policies, actions, operations, and re-quirements. Their first-hand knowledge of mili-tary needs, culture, and tradition is a tremen-dous benefit to Congressional offices. His service in the House of Representatives has proven invaluable to both the Department of Defense and Congress. Adrian utilized this ex-perience and knowledge to assist Members, staff, and notably, the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa—which I cur-rently chair—where I had the privilege and honor to interact with him on numerous occa-sions. 
During Major Foster’s distinguished service 
to this Nation, he has earned awards and decorations including: the Bronze Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Achievement Medal, Army Reserve Component Achieve-ment Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Iraq Campaign Medal, Global War on Ter-rorism Service Medal, Noncommissioned Offi-cer Professional Development Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon, Air Assault Badge, Combat Action Badge, and the Army Staff Identification Badge. In addition to his civilian education, Adrian is a graduate of the Military Police Officer Basic and Advanced Courses, and the Command and General Staff College. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to work 
closely with Major Foster over the last few years of his decorated career. He is truly a testament to the seven core values of the Army: Loyalty, Duty, Respect, Selfless Serv-ice, Honor, Integrity, and Personal Courage. On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Major Adrian Foster, his wife Tamara, and their daughters, Brenna Simone and Sienna Marie. I wish them the very best as they con-tinue to dedicate their lives in the service of our Nation as they move on to the next chap-ter of their lives together. We will miss them. 
f 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION 
ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, Section 310(b) 
of H.R. 4188, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015, requires the Coast Guard to pre-pare a Port Access Route Study for Nantucket Sound. The study would include the area sub-ject to a lease for the Cape Wind Project. That lease is the subject of pending litigation that 
challenges, among other claims, the Coast Guard’s terms and conditions under section 414 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Trans-portation Act of 2006 for failing to protect navi-gational safety. It is important that we do not interfere in this litigation, and section 310(b) does not make any presuppositions about the validity of the Coast Guard’s actions under section 414. In addition, section 310(b) does not make any presuppositions about the valid-ity of the lease for that Project. It is for the court to decide whether the Coast Guard prop-erly set the terms and conditions for that project in accordance with section 414, and the Department of the Interior imposed proper conditions on the lease. Section 310(b) is needed because, when 
the Atlantic Coast PARS began, Nantucket Sound had been excluded. The PARS must review how any project in Nantucket Sound would impact the navigational safety of current marine transportation and vessel activities. The Coast Guard is also directed to review ex-isting regulations to improve navigation safety. The goal of the report is to identify the impact to the current and future navigational activities and how to avoid unsafe operating require-ments on vessels, and revise existing regula-tions to improve navigational safety in Nan-tucket Sound. 
f 
SUPPORT FUNDING FOR THE 
INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC EN-ERGY AGENCY 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, on December 7, 
2015, I, along with 60 of my colleagues, sent a letter to the House Appropriations Com-mittee urging robust funding for the accounts that support the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), an international organization tasked with verifying that states comply with their commitments under the Non-Proliferation Treaty and other non-proliferation agreements. 
Whether or not Members of Congress sup-
ported the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion, we have a foremost responsibility to the continued security of the United States and our allies. Funding the organization that is tasked with monitoring and verifying Iran’s nu-clear activities is essential to that security. As such, I submit the following letter from the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation. 
DECEMBER 17, 2015. 
Withholding Funding from the IAEA is Ill- 
Advised and Dangerous. 
DEAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : As individ-
uals who have dedicated our professional lives to national security and nuclear non-proliferation, we strongly urge that the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) receive full funding to monitor Iran’s com-pliance with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
The United States, its international nego-
tiating partners, and Iran continue to move towards full implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, which will re-strict and monitor Iran’s nuclear activity in exchange for relief from economic sanctions related to its nuclear program. The nuclear watchdog organization, the IAEA, is respon-sible for verifying that Iran is in compliance with the agreement through an unprece-dented system of intrusive inspections and safeguards. 
IAEA monitoring is essential for deterring 
and detecting illicit nuclear behavior by Iran; without adequate funding, the inter-national community cannot responsibly verify that Iran’s nuclear program remains peaceful and in-line with its commitments. According to Director General Yukiya Amano, the IAEA requires an additional $10.6 million per year to undertake this task. This additional funding will pay for new in-spectors, the installation and maintenance of safeguard and verification technology, and other monitoring activities that exceed the surveillance normally conducted by the IAEA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.033 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1840 December 18, 2015 
Unfortunately, some key members of Con-
gress advocate blocking any U.S. contribu-tion to these additional funds. On December 3, Rep. Ryan Zinke (R–MT) introduced House Resolution 553, supported by several House 
committee chairs, urging that additional funding be blocked unless the IAEA releases confidential documents between it and Iran. 
Release of these documents would violate 
the confidentiality of the IAEA, which has been universally regarded as necessary to en-sure the cooperation of countries with in-spection and verification agreements. Though the resolution is not legally binding, it sets a dangerous precedent for future leg-islation. 
It is difficult to understand why Members 
of Congress would block verification of Iran’s nuclear activities. Such a self-defeat-ing move would only increase the potential for Iran to hide violations of the agreement by reducing the likelihood of detection. 
We strongly urge Congress to ensure that 
the IAEA receives full funding to effectively monitor Iran’s implementation of and com-pliance with the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Doing so will make the United States, its allies, and the world safer. 
Sincerely, 
Hans Blix, Director General Emeritus, 
IAEA; Maj. General Roger R. Blunt, USA (Ret.); Amb. Kenneth C. Brill (ret), Former ambassador to the IAEA, Founding Director of the U.S. National Counterproliferation Center; Matthew Bunn, Professor, Managing the Atom Project, Belfer Center, Harvard Univer-sity; Brig. Gen. Stephen A. Cheney, USMC (Ret.); Charles D. Ferguson, Ph.D., President, Federation of Amer-ican Scientists, Former Naval Nuclear Officer; Trevor Findlay, Associate, Managing the Atom Project, Belfer Center, Harvard University; Brig. Gen. Evelyn ‘‘Pat’’ Foote, USA (Ret.); Lt. Gen. Robert Gard, USA (Ret.), Chair-man Emeritus, Center for Arms Con-trol & Non-Proliferation; Richard L. Garwin, Contributor to design and test of nuclear weapons, IBM Fellow Emer-itus; Amb. Thomas Graham Jr. (ret.), Chairman, Lightbridge Corp.; Lt. Gen. Arlen D. Jameson. USAF (Ret.); Brig. Gen. John H. Johns, USA (Ret.), Ph.D., Professor Emeritus, National Defense University. 
David Kay, Former IAEA Chief Weapons 
Inspector in Iraq (after first Gulf War); Lt. Gen. Claudia J. Kennedy, USA (Ret.); Daryl G. Kimball, Executive Di-rector, Arms Control Association; Maj. Gen. Frederick H. Lawson, USA (Ret.); Edward P. Levine, Ph.D., Retired sen-ior professional staff member, Senate Foreign Relations Committee; Jeffrey Lewis, Director of the East Asia Non-proliferation Program, Center for Non-proliferation Studies; Martin Mallin, Executive Director, Managing the Atom Project, Belfer Center, Harvard University; Laura Rockwood, Execu-tive Director, Vienna Center for Disar-mament and Non-Proliferation, Former Section Head, IAEA; Joan Rohlfing, President and COO, Nuclear Threat Ini-tiative; Andrew K. Semmel, Former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Nuclear Nonproliferation and Pol-icy; Lt. Gen. James M. Thompson, USA (Ret.), Vice Chair, Boise, ID Committee on Foreign Relations; Jim Walsh, Ph.D., Security Studies Program, MIT; Honorable Andy Weber, Former Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical and Biological Defense Pro-grams. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND 
VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 17, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, House Democrats 
did not include the excise tax when we ap-proved the House version of ACA—it was added later by the Senate. I expressed con-cern about the impact of this provision from day one, and have worked to raise awareness of the problem. I am pleased with the provi-sion in the budget calling for a two-year delay and voted for the Omnibus bill with this provi-sion. 
When it comes to reigning in health care 
cost growth, Democrats don’t take a back seat to anybody. Indeed, that is one of the main aims of the healthcare law—one that has al-ready had significant success. 
But this excise tax will shift costs to employ-
ers, who, in turn, will shift more costs to em-ployees, who will not make up for these costs with increased wages. 
We need to use this two year delay to ad-
dress this excise tax completely. In our contin-ued efforts to control health costs, we must not harm consumers in the process and must continue to support working families. 
f 
A DAY IN HONOR OF JANET 
LANGHART COHEN 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Emmy nominated journalist, author and playwright Janet Langhart Cohen’s one- act play, ‘‘Anne & Emmett.’’ On October 23, 2015, at the MIST Harlem Cultural Center, I joined with the New Heritage Theatre Group, the Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce and MIST Harlem to welcome playwright Janet Langhart Cohen to the Village of Harlem, where she presented the one-act play ‘‘Anne & Emmett,’’ directed by Thomas W. Jones II. The play, ‘‘Anne and Emmett,’’ focuses on an imaginary conversation between Anne Frank and Emmett Till, who were victims of religious intolerance and racial hatred. That evening, ‘‘Anne and Emmett’’ was filmed by The New Heritage Group under the supervision of cele-brated director/producer and former Chair of Columbia University’s Graduate Film Program, Professor Jamal Joseph. 
The presentation of ‘‘Anne and Emmett’’ 
was made possible by RARIA (Race and Rec-onciliation in America), a not for profit organi-zation co-founded by Janet Langhart Cohen, New York City Police Commissioner William J. Bratton and the New York City Police Acad-emy. First premiered in 2009 at the United States Holocaust Museum, ‘‘Anne & Emmett,’’ was conceived by Janet Langhart Cohen. The plays two main characters were Emmett Till, a 14-year-old boy whose brutal murder in Mis-sissippi sixty years ago which sparked the modern civil rights movement; and the young Holocaust victim Anne Frank, a Jewish girl 
who had to go into hiding during World War Two to avoid the Nazis and after almost two years in hiding she was discovered and de-ported to Bergen-Belsen Concentration Camp where she died. The play has received rave reviews during performances in Washington, DC, Indianapolis and Chicago. 
Mrs. Cohen is passionate about ensuring 
Emmett Till’s story is never forgotten; which she does daringly throughout the play. It has been presented to dignitaries, students, Su-preme Court justices, and now, the NYPD and its recent classes of recruits. Her commitment and understanding of how vital Emmett Till’s story is to our nation was heralded by the Till family last spring when they honored Mrs. Cohen with the ‘‘Women of Courage’’ award established to honor the memory of Emmett’s mother, Mamie Till Mobley. Additionally, in 2014 Mrs. Cohen led the way to have a tree planted in memory of Emmett Till, at the United States Capitol. 
To understand why she produced the play, 
one needs to learn where she came from. Janet Langhart Cohen grew up in segregated housing in Indianapolis, where the Indiana Ku 
Klux Klan rose to prominence in the early 1920s. Janet went on to attend Crispus Attucks High School and later moved to New York City, where she began her career in tele-vision. Her television career included stints at NBC, America Alive with Bruce Jenner, AM New York on ABC, WPIX–TV Channel 11, 9 Broadcast Plaza on WOR–TV and Entertain-ment Tonight. Mrs. Cohen has had the privi-lege of interviewing such luminaries as Presi-dent Jimmy Carter, Margaret Thatcher, Rosa Parks, Mel Gibson, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Denzel Washington, Dan Rather, Oprah Winfrey, Whoopi Goldberg, Barbara Walters and Larry King, as well as David Duke former head of the Ku Klux Klan. 
Janet married William S. Cohen, who at the 
time served as Secretary of Defense, under President William Jefferson Clinton, and be-came known as ‘‘First Lady of the Pentagon’’ due to her active and visible public role at the Defense Department. Mrs. Cohen spurred several initiatives aimed at morale and well- being of military and civilian employees at the Pentagon; which included the Military Family Forum, the Pentagon Pops concert series, the Secretary of Defense Annual Holiday Tour, and her own series of interviews on Pentagon TV, Special Assignment. She was given a vol-unteer position as ‘‘First Lady of the USO’’ and helped recruit celebrities and civilians to work with the United Service Organizations. Her many awards and honors include Hadas-sah Woman of the Year and The Zachary and Elizabeth Award for Distinguished Civilian Hu-manitarian Service for her work on behalf of members of the U.S. Armed Forces and their families. In President Bill Clinton’s last State of the Union Address, he praised Mrs. Cohen for her enormous contribution to the welfare and morale of our men and women in uniform and their families. 
Mr. Speaker, I joined with the New Heritage 
Theatre Group, the Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce, MIST Harlem and the Village of Harlem to dedicate Friday, October 23, 2015 in honor of Janet Langhart Cohen for her life- long commitment to ending racial and religious intolerance and hatred in our Nation. I ask you and my colleagues to join me in recognition of this great unheralded American, Janet Langhart Cohen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.036 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1841 December 18, 2015 
THE STATE OF WOMEN’S RIGHTS 
IN AMERICA 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we face 
a real problem in America as it relates to the rights of women and how this will one day im-pact our young girls. 
We live in a great country founded on prin-
ciples of liberty, justice and equality. 
Throughout history, we have grown and de-
veloped into a nation where women hold some of the most prestigious and powerful positions in our country and throughout the world, as scientists, astronauts, businesswomen, edu-cators, government officials, Supreme Court justices, and hopefully one day soon, the President of our United States. 
However, as a global champion and advo-
cate of international human rights and the rule of law, the United States still has a long ways to go guaranteeing equal access to legal rights and protections for all women in Amer-ica. 
The United Nations Working Group on Dis-
crimination against Women in the Law and Practice (U.N. Working Group) recently issued a sobering statement and assessment, with a full report to follow in June 2016, delineating an infringement on the rights of women in America. 
Upon visiting several states throughout the 
country, including my home state of Texas, the U.N. Working Group concluded that women in the United States inexplicably lag behind international human rights standards. 
Pointing to data and research on public and 
political representation, economic and social rights, and health and safety protections, ex-perts in the U.N. Working Group boldly ac-knowledged that there is a myth that women in the United States already enjoy all of the expected standards of rights and protections because they live in America. 
A woman’s fundamental reproductive right is 
tied to their economic independence, em-powerment and wellbeing of her family. 
The reality is, women in the United States 
are experiencing continued discrimination and daunting disparities that curtail their ability to fully participate as equal members of society. 
The primary areas and statistics noted, in-
clude the following: 
Women have risen to some of the highest 
levels of legislative and executive representa-tion over the years, yet with only 4 of 15 cabi-net members, 19.4% of Congressional Mem-bers and an average of 24.9% of state legisla-tures, the U.S. ranks at only 72 in the global market of women represented in public and political positions. 
While the number of women justices has 
significantly increased, women litigants’ ac-cess to justice is severely limited. 
Although women vote in higher percentages 
than men, women’s access to voting is under attack in states like Alabama where increased voter ID requirements pose unprecedented barriers. 
Women constitute nearly half of the US 
labor force, at a participation rate of 57%. Yet, equal economic opportunity is severely lacking given deficient or nonexistent mandatory standards for workplace accommodations for pregnant women, post-natal mothers and per-
sons with care responsibilities. 
What also remains a shameful truth in 
America, is the gender wage gap which has remained at or near 21% over the past dec-ade. Shockingly, women with higher levels of education experience the largest earning gaps, as do minority women regardless of educational attainment. 
The percentage of women in poverty has in-
creased over the past decade, from 12.1% to 14.5%, with a higher rate of poverty than men. As such, women are exposed to higher rates of homelessness and violence without ade-quate protections in place in shelters and housing support options. 
Women in detention facilities throughout the 
country are also experiencing increasingly high rates of over-incarceration, sexual vio-lence, shackling while pregnant, solitary con-finement, lack of alternative custodial sen-tencing for women with dependent children, and inadequate access to health care and re- entry programs. 
Migrant women traveling to the U.S., many 
victims of trafficking and violence, including sexual violence, are kept in detention centers with children for prolonged periods of time. 
Notably, the criminalization of women in 
prostitution places them in unjust, vulnerable and stigmatized situations that are contrary to international human rights law. 
The U.N. has also pointed out that women, 
particularly black and LGBTQ women, in the U.S. experience deplorable police brutality and increased incidents of homicide by police. 
Even though women own over 
1⁄3of firms in 
the U.S., primarily in small and medium sized businesses, these businesses face greater barriers in obtaining low cost capital from sources such as the Small Business Adminis-tration—which awards less than 5% of federal contracts to women-owned business. 
Lastly, one of the most alarming deficiencies 
for women in America is the lack of access to basic health care and the imposition of dev-astating barriers to reproductive health and rights. 
Too many women are suffering dire and 
deadly consequences. 
Between 1990 and 2013, the maternal mor-
tality rate for women in the U.S. has increased by 136%. 
Black women are nearly 4 times more likely 
to die in childbirth, and states with high pov-erty rates have a 77% higher maternal mor-tality rate. 
Our global experts and allies acknowledge 
that even though women’s reproductive rights in America are constitutionally protected, ac-cess to reproductive health services are se-verely abridged by states’ imposition of sweeping barriers and restrictions. 
For instance, in many states, women must 
undergo unjustified and invasive medical pro-cedures; endure groundless waiting periods; be subjected to harassment, violence or other threatening conditions that remain constant throughout all reproductive health care clinics; and forced to forgo treatment or engage in lengthy and costly travel due to closure of clin-ics faced with burdensome licensing condi-tions. 
These restrictions disproportionately dis-
criminate against poor women. 
The United States can and should do better. It is unacceptable that women in America 
are facing a reproductive health care crisis so dire that the global community is denouncing 
it as a human rights violation. 
Sadly, the direction States are taking will 
only further dismantle women’s access to af-fordable and trustworthy reproductive healthcare. 
Clinics are shutting down at alarming rates 
throughout the country as a result of dev-astating restrictions and barriers imposed throughout Texas. 
A Texas statute known as HB2 (House Bill 
2), was enacted several years ago claiming to promote women’s health, when in fact it only set in motion dangerous restrictions on wom-en’s access to reproductive health care. 
In addition to constant attacks on funding for 
reproductive health care clinics, abortion pro-viders in Texas were forced to undergo impos-sible million dollar renovations and upgrades. 
Denying hundreds of thousands of women 
health care services in Texas, nearly half of all reproductive health care clinics were forced to shut down, and now only 10 remain in the second largest state in the country. 
Another moment will occur when the Su-
preme Court decides Whole Woman’s Health v. Cole, which will decide the fate of the re-maining clinics in Texas and throughout the nation. 
No woman in America should be denied the 
dignity of being able to make choices about her body and healthcare. 
Access to safe, legal and unhindered 
healthcare must be realized by all women. 
A woman’s right to choose to have an abor-
tion is a constitutionally protected fundamental right. 
More than 40 years ago in the landmark de-
cision in Roe v. Wade, 410 U.S. 113, (1973), the U.S. Supreme Court ruled 7–2 that the right to privacy under the Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment extends to a woman’s decision to have an abortion. 
More recently, in Planned Parenthood v. 
Casey, 505 U.S. 833 (1992), the Supreme Court upheld Roe v. Wade and further ex-plained that states could not enact medically unnecessary regulations meant to create sub-stantial obstacles for women seeking abortion services. 
Yet, fairness and access to exercise con-
stitutionally protected fundamental rights is trampled on and denied to millions of women. 
We cannot ignore the unfairness of imbal-
anced protection and access to fundamentally protected rights for women in America when it is easier to purchase and lawfully possess a firearm—even for a person on the terrorist watchlist—than it is for a woman to exercise her constitutional right to terminate a preg-nancy. 
Mr. Speaker, this is neither fair nor right and 
it should not be rewarded. 
As our nation continues to push back 
against horrific acts of violence at the hands of dangerous and irresponsible gun owners and gun dealers, and our nation’s number one pro-vider of women’s healthcare continues to ex-perience violent and deadly attacks on its per-sonnel and facilities, it is time we find common ground. 
A woman’s right to choose to have an abor-
tion and an individual’s right to possess a fire-arm are both constitutionally protected funda-mental rights. 
I will be working with my colleagues to find 
ways to address the unfair and unjust disparity by reviewing and responding to unwarranted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.039 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1842 December 18, 2015 
restrictions that result in disparate access to 
these constitutionally protected rights. 
Certainly, if the state has a legitimate inter-
est in requiring a woman to wait several days, undergo a physical examination, receive coun-seling and education about alternative options before making the decision to terminate a pregnancy, then it has an equally compelling interest in requiring a person seeking to obtain a firearm to demonstrate the mental, physical, and emotional fitness to possess an instru-ment that is used to kill more than 30,000 Americans annually. 
I hope that one day soon in America it will 
not be harder for a woman to exercise her fundamental right to choose than it is for a person on the terrorist watchlist to lawfully pur-
chase and possess firearms. 
At a minimum, I urge the Congress to re-
dedicate itself to the critically important but un-finished task of ensuring equality of oppor-tunity and protection of law for women. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOE RITCHEY 
AND PROSPECTIVE, INC. 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Joe Ritchey and his company, Pro-spective, Inc. on being named one of the 2015 BCA 10: Best Businesses Partnering with the Arts in America honorees. Presented every year by Americans for the Arts’ Business Committee for the Arts (BCA), the BCA 10 awards honor U.S. companies for their excep-tional commitment to the arts. 
Joe Ritchey and his firm actively support a 
vibrant local arts scene in Reston and throughout Fairfax County. Mr. Ritchey helped form the Initiative for Public Art—Reston (IPAR), where he still serves as President and Chair. IPAR consists of a group of civic lead-ers who represent Reston’s key community or-ganizations and seek to inspire and expand the community’s commitment to public art. In 2008, IPAR launched a process that led to the adoption of the Public Art Master Plan for Reston which strives to incorporate art into public spaces. Anyone strolling through the many parks and public squares in Reston can readily see the impact of the Master Plan. 
Mr. Ritchey’s contributions and influence ex-
tend far beyond Reston and have benefited our larger Fairfax County community. A pas-sionate lover of the arts, he has served on the boards of the Arts Council of Fairfax County (Board Chairman in 2013 and 2014), Chil-dren’s Museum of Northern Virginia, Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts Associates, and the Greater Reston Arts Center. 
A successful businessman, Mr. Ritchey also 
shares his knowledge and expertise with nu-merous other organizations. He serves or has served on the boards or in other leadership roles of the Reston Hospital Center of HCA Virginia Health System (Board Chairman in 2011 and 2012), the Dulles Regional Chamber of Commerce, the Northern Virginia Transpor-tation Alliance, the Dulles Corridor Rail Asso-ciation, the Greater Reston Chamber of Com-merce, and he is an active supporter of Res-ton Interfaith, Nature House, and the George Mason University Center for Regional Anal-ysis. Mr. Ritchey has received numerous awards 
and accolades in recognition of his service to our community. These awards include the NAOIP 1995 Award of Excellence for Eco-nomic Development, 2003 ‘‘Best of Reston’’ designation, the 2004 Fairfax County Federa-tion of Citizen Associations Citizen of the Year, the 2006 Times Community Newspapers Reston Citizen of the Year, the 2009 inaugural Robert E. Simon Community Service Award, the 2011 Jinx Hazel Arts Citizen of the Year, and in 2013 he was the Grand Marshal of the Reston Holiday Parade. 
Northern Virginia is a vibrant region where 
countless people donate their time, energy, and financial support for the betterment of our neighbors and our community as a whole. 
In this region where so many do so much, 
Mr. Ritchey stands out and is an example of what one person can do. He has created a legacy that will live on for future generations to enjoy and has truly been a force in Reston and Northern Virginia being considered among the best places in the country in which to live, work, play, and raise a family. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating Joe Ritchey and Pro-spective, Inc. on being honored as a BCA 10 recipient, and in thanking him for his unwaver-ing and tireless efforts on behalf of our com-munity. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR OMNIBUS AND TAX 
EXTENDERS LEGISLATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I voted for 
both the omnibus and tax extender bills that came before the House this week. They rep-resented hard work and compromises by many on both sides of the aisle and across the advocacy community. I commend so many of my colleagues for reminding us of what we can accomplish when we work together on be-half of the American people. 
These bills don’t just do the bare minimum 
to keep the government open and continue the policy status quo as we have done many times in recent years. Instead, they actually in-vest in important programs, many that I have supported for years and that are priorities for Oregonians. 
I am pleased to see the extenders legisla-
tion support research and development, and provide important tools—such as an extension of the New Markets program—to invest in our communities. The tax package increases the benefit for transit riders to the same level as the parking tax benefit, providing much-need-ed tax fairness, strengthening options for com-muters, and eliminating an incentive to drive to work. This provision will ease congestion and road wear and make our transportation system more sustainable. 
The omnibus also contains robust funding 
for public broadcasting, animal welfare en-forcement, and health and scientific research. It includes the highest-ever levels of funding for the implementation of the Water for the Poor and Water for the World Acts, for which I have fought for years. I am pleased that the bill contains many provisions that I helped champion, including language to ensure the Department of Justice stay out of the way of 
state medical marijuana laws, language that supports industrial hemp research programs, and increased funding for brain research. 
There are also many positive provisions for 
the environment in these bills. I am delighted that the Land and Water Conservation Fund has been reauthorized and funded at a signifi-cant increase of $144 million. This program is one of the most important tools we have to protect land and habitat, construct parks and purchase other outdoor spaces that are cher-ished in communities. 
Both bills take important steps to help us 
transition away from fossil fuels and allow us to meaningfully contribute in the global fight against climate change. In particular, the long- term extension of tax credits for wind and solar energy development will significantly ex-pand the development of clean renewable en-ergy across the country at a critical time in our struggle to reduce carbon emissions. With this support, the solar industry estimates that by 2020, it will deploy more than 20 GW of solar electricity annually. 
The provisions supporting wind energy will 
free that industry from a repeated boom-and- bust cycle caused by inaction in Congress, and will strengthen the build out of low-cost, emission-free renewable energy from coast to coast. 
The elimination of many of the damaging 
environmental riders that were proposed dur-ing the appropriations process was a major victory, measures that would have defunded the Clean Power Plan, or reduced protections for endangered species among many others. 
There are certainly provisions in both of 
these bills that I do not support. It is troubling that we are drifting away from discipline in terms of dealing with the deficit. There were many missed opportunities to reduce wasteful spending and redirect those resources to where it is more needed. We will continue to spend billions of dollars every year on a nu-clear arsenal we can’t afford and will not use. Through tax breaks and direct subsidies, we will also continue to directly support wildly profitable industries that do not need this sup-port—such as agribusiness and the petroleum industry. 
The bills also fail to address the need for 
new and different revenues, such as a carbon tax and a gas tax increase to rebuild crum-bling infrastructure, to protect our environment and to properly invest in social safety net pro-grams over the long run. 
Both bills include provisions that on their 
own, I would not support. I remain unpersuaded that we need to lift the crude oil export ban. I have voted against such legisla-tion in the past since it will not help us transi-tion to a cleaner energy future. The inclusion of the Cybersecurity Information and Sharing Act is troubling because it fails to strike the right balance between privacy and security, or between the responsibility of the private sector and the government. The omnibus also con-tinues an irresponsible policy rider that inter-feres with the District of Columbia’s ability to manage the sale of marijuana to ensure safety and appropriate regulations. Finally, the ex-tenders legislation imposes new rules and re-sponsibilities on the overburdened staff at the Internal Revenue Service. We currently have the most efficient tax collection system in the world among developed nations, but we have been systematically destroying its ability to serve taxpayers by doing its job. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.040 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1843 December 18, 2015 
I also am disappointed that the omnibus did 
not include a number of key spending prior-ities that should command support from every-one. The bill does not include an important change to wildfire spending. We should treat wildfires like other major disasters and elimi-nate the practice of ‘‘fire borrowing,’’ which drains agency non-fire budgets to pay for fire-fighting. The bill also fails to reauthorize the Historic Preservation Fund, the main source of federal support for preservation projects that celebrate the heritage and history of commu-nities across America. Finally, the omnibus continues a decades long ban on federal re-search on the causes and factors behind gun violence. Everyone should allow researchers to study and share information about gun vio-lence in order to promote evidence-based poli-cies to reduce horrific incidents. 
Despite these shortcomings, however, I sup-
port the overall package. On the whole, it’s balanced and includes meaningful provisions that will support priorities important to Orego-nians and across the country. I’m hopeful this is an indication that going forward, Congress can work across the aisle and compromise, so that we can do our jobs for the American peo-ple. 
f 
HONORING SHREWSBURY BOY 
SCOUT TROOP 114 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Shrewsbury Boy Scout Troop 114. 
January 2016 will mark the 100th anniver-
sary of Shrewsbury Boy Scout Troop 114. The troop, which has been chartered by the First Congregational Church of Shrewsbury since 1916, is one of the oldest troops in Mohegan Council as well as one of the oldest troops within the Boy Scouts of America. 
For the last hundred years, Shrewsbury Boy 
Scout Troop 114 has been a vibrant part of our community and helped to teach our young boys the skills that prepare them to lead and the values that strengthen our families in Shrewsbury and the surrounding communities. 
Troop 114, which is comprised of 70 Scouts 
who range in age from 10 to 17, is led by Scoutmaster Rick Spurr as well as 28 reg-istered adult leaders. All of them work to build character and train the Scouts in the respon-sibilities of participating citizenship and devel-oping personal fitness. 
Troop 114 helps our boys stay active and 
physically fit with 10 campouts per year and a week of summer camp. Since 1916, Troop 114 has spent over 2,500 nights camping throughout New England and members of Troop 114 have represented Shrewsbury proudly at every National Boy Scout Jamboree that has ever been held. 
Through the years, 124 members of Troop 
114 have attained the rank of Eagle Scout. For the last decade, crews of Scouts have at-tended national High Adventure camps across the country, including Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico, Seabase in Florida and the Ba-hamas, and Maine High Adventure in northern Maine. 
Over the past 100 years Scouting, Troop 
114 has kept up with the changing world by offering many new merit badges that focus on 
cutting-edge technologies and industries that did not exist years ago. And while much has changed, the core values of the Scouting pro-gram have remained constant since Troop 114 was founded in 1916. 
I am pleased to congratulate Shrewsbury 
Boy Scout Troop 114 as they celebrate their centennial and a proud history of helping all of our boys reach their full potential. Here’s to another great hundred years. 
f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF 
MR. CHARLIE HALL 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the honorable service of Charlie Hall as he retires as CEO of AM General after five years of remarkable leadership of this world-renowned company, the manufacturer of the Humvee. Few exemplify the American spirit more than Mr. Hall and his contributions are truly deserving of this body’s recognition. 
For more than 35 years, Hall has worked in 
domestic and international business. He began his career as a summer intern at Chrysler Defense where he returned full time upon completing his business degree from Western Michigan University. 
A driven and natural born leader, Hall then 
became an employee of General Dynamics in 1984, where he worked at nearly every level of the organization including plant manager, vice president, and president of General Dy-namics Land Systems. While serving in the Combat Systems Group at General Dynamics, Hall oversaw nearly 20,000 employees. 
Hall joined AM General as CEO in January 
2011, and set out to fortify the HMMWV brand, grow international sales, and diversify the commercial vehicle business. Hall will re-tire from the company accomplishing these goals and much more. He restructured the business from top to bottom, launched critical partnerships with the National Guard and Re-serves, secured unprecedented foreign military sales, and diversified the company’s commer-cial portfolio, just to name a few of his most notable achievements. 
Best known for his collaborative, delibera-
tive, no-nonsense leadership style, Hall has never lost track of his top priority: delivering the best light tactical vehicles on the planet for our men and women in uniform. Under his leadership, AM General has truly been trans-formed and stands poised for a very bright fu-ture. 
I want to take this opportunity to once again 
thank Charlie Hall for having such an extraor-dinary impact on this company and for serving as a role model for the next generation of leaders in our community. On behalf of myself and my fellow Hoosiers, I thank him for his commitment to service and exceptional leader-ship. CELEBRATING THE 250TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE HOMESTEAD RESORT 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the Home-
stead Resort is a piece of American history nestled in the Allegheny Mountains of Vir-ginia—surrounded by the natural beauty of the landscape, permeated by healing mineral waters, and displaying the quintessential Southern charm for which it has become so well known. For 250 years, The Homestead Resort has served as a respite for weary trav-elers. From presidents and celebrities to fami-lies and visitors from around the globe, The Homestead has been a place where genera-tions have come to rest, relax, and rejuve-nate—all while enjoying the hospitality of our region. 
Located in Virginia’s Sixth Congressional 
District in the village of Hot Springs, the his-tory of The Homestead begins more than a decade before the founding of our nation. A young George Washington visited the area, and later granted the land on which The Homestead was built to Captain Thomas Bullitt. In 1766, The Homestead saw its start as an 18-room lodge. In 1818, former Presi-dent Thomas Jefferson spent three weeks soaking in the mineral pools. To date, 23 U.S. presidents have visited the resort, including former President George W. Bush in 2015. 
Under the ownership of the Ingalls family for 
roughly 100 years until 1993, The Homestead saw many additions and improvements to shape the property as we know it today. Now known as The Omni Homestead Resort, over the past 200-plus years it has grown to en-compass 2,300 acres with 483 guest rooms, numerous dining outlets, and more than 30 recreational activities. Today, this iconic resort continues to play a critical role in the economy of Bath County as a leading employer. Annu-ally, the resort employs upwards of 1,000 workers, and is a significant source of tourism for surrounding communities and attractions. 
The success of The Homestead is a testa-
ment to its hardworking and dedicated em-ployees, like Woody Pettus, the long-time maıˆtre d’ in the main dining room. Woody is 
an institution at The Homestead and is one of five generations of his family who have worked there over the years. For many guests, the staff at The Homestead has be-come an extended family. 
If you have not been to The Homestead, 
you are truly missing out on a little slice of heaven. From the columns flanking the main entrance and the welcoming expanse of the Great Hall to the beautifully designed gardens and miles of trails, a visit to The Homestead is certainly a unique experience. Over the years, this resort has become a special place for my family and many others. The people of Bath County are proud to call this landmark 
their own, and it is an honor to represent them and America’s First Resort in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Throughout 2016, The Homestead will 
honor the past, present and future of Amer-ica’s First Resort. I congratulate The Home-stead on this 250th anniversary, and wish them many more milestone anniversaries to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.041 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1844 December 18, 2015 
IN MEMORY OF KISHIN ‘‘KAY’’ 
BHAVNANI-RAMA 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, even 
with the joys of the holidays all around us, this week has been a sad one for The Woodlands. A ‘bigger than life’ bright light has left us after a long illness. 
I was honored to be one of Kishin ‘‘Kay’’ 
Bhavnani’s first friends when he moved to The Woodlands in 1987. Kay made any day bright-er. 
When he passed away on December 16, 
2015 after a lengthy illness, I lost a dear friend, but Veena (Shalani), Nick and Amit lost so much more. 
Kay was kindness in human form. He never 
met a stranger. Friends were family and any-one who needed an open shoulder found one in his presence. 
Having Kay’s support from my days at the 
Chamber to today was a blessing I can never repay. There were many nights that midnight had long passed, but Kay and I kept talking, laughing, and simply enjoying what friendship is all about. 
Kay will be remembered for his bottomless 
hospitality. When you left his presence, you were on top of the world, because you knew you mattered. 
Whether it was a great meal or engaging 
conversation, Papa Rama, as he was known to his many ‘‘honorary kids’’, was the con-fidant’s confidant. His advice, comfort, laugh-ter, and sometimes even a well-deserved kick in the pants to the many young friends of his sons were golden and will be sorely missed. 
I will always remember his deep love of all 
things Elvis Presley. He was born in Hong Kong in 1938 to Sita Bai Bhavnani (nee Advani) and Ramchand Bhavnani, but he em-braced America with everything he had. 
He not only spent his life making everyone 
around him feel good, he made them look good. His tailoring talents were second to none. 
Our prayers are with his soul mate of 45 
years, Veena, their children, beloved grandsons, Zachary and Julian, nieces, neph-ews and extended family who miss Papa Rama greatly. 
I am grateful for his friendship and I grieve 
along with the entire Rama family. 
f 
FIREFIGHTER OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Katy Firefighter Lt. Simon VanDyk for receiving this year’s Fire Chief Gary Tilton Firefighter of the Year Award. 
Lt. VanDyk’s efforts to create and build a 
program to inform the citizens of Katy about fire and life safety practices has been a long time passion. VanDyk took it upon himself to create a program that would expand outreach and safety education in the community. Ral-lying other battalion chiefs, the Katy area now has in place an educational safety program for 
its residents and firefighters alike. Lt. VanDyk has shown what it means to go above and be-yond the call of duty and truly has improved the safety of the Katy community. Keep up the hard work and thank you for all that you do. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second District of 
Texas, congratulations again to Lt. Simon VanDyk for winning this year’s Firefighter of the Year Award. 
f 
A TRUE AMERICAN HERO PASSES 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply 
saddened by the passing of Tibor (Ted) Rubin. Our community and our nation have lost a true hero. 
Ted was born in Hungary in 1929. He sur-
vived 14 months in a Nazi concentration camp during WWII, before his liberation, and even-tual migration to America. 
Inspired by the American soldiers who res-
cued him, he enlisted in the U.S. Army, even-tually being deployed as a member of the 1st Cavalry Division during the Korean War. Dur-ing his service, he faced anti-Semitic discrimi-nation from his sergeant who sent Ted on the most dangerous assignments in South Korea’s Pusan Perimeter, where he fought valiantly in several notable engagements. 
He was eventually captured by the North 
Koreans on one of these missions. During his captivity he continued to inspire others, pro-viding moral support and improvised medical techniques to care for his fellow soldiers. 
For his gallantry in close contact with the 
enemy and his unyielding courage and brav-ery while a prisoner of war Ted was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor in 2005. 
Last August, I was proud to join Ted at a 
ceremony in Garden Grove to celebrate the first United States Postal Service stamp hon-oring the extraordinary courage of the 145 Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine service members who received the Medal of Honor for action during the Korean War. 
I was also proud to see the City of Garden 
Grove name a library after Ted earlier this year: the Garden Grove Tibor Rubin Library. 
Talking about his decision to immigrate, Ted 
once said that America is, ‘‘. . . the best country in the world and I am part of it now. I do not have to worry about the Gestapo knocking on my door tonight. I have shalom— peace—people die for it.’’ 
A long-time resident of Garden Grove, Ted 
was an inspiration to our community in so many ways. We should all honor his persever-ance, dedication, and determination to make the world a better place. 
f 
HONORING JONI EARL 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor Joni Earl, longtime Chief Execu-tive Officer (CEO) of the Seattle area’s re-gional transit system, Sound Transit, on her 
retirement. Joni has been an extraordinary and transformative civic leader; forever chang-ing the public transportation system in the Puget Sound region. 
Joni’s public service has been a lifelong en-
deavor and began when she was just a teen-ager, when she served as Assistant Treasurer at the City of Bremerton’s City Treasurer of-fice. Upon graduation from Washington State University, Joni would continue her career in 1987 as the City Manager of Mill Creek. Later, she brought her leadership abilities to Snoho-mish County as the Deputy County Executive until 2000, when she was recruited to join Sound Transit as its Chief Operating Officer (COO). 
As COO, Joni was tasked with saving a 
$1.9 billion light rail project that was years be-hind schedule and a billion dollars over budg-et. Just months after arriving, Joni was unex-pectedly appointed to the role of CEO, where she discovered the true extent of Sound Tran-sit’s difficulties with several projects behind schedule, over budget, and in danger of losing federal and public support. 
With the agency’s future very much in 
doubt, Joni spearheaded Sound Transit’s re-markable turnaround in the early 2000s. She immersed herself in the subject material, gain-ing a realistic perspective from agency staff and realigning expectations for the then-trou-bled light rail line. Her skillful navigation of the relationship with the Sound Transit board, which includes local elected officials from throughout the region, won her the trust of Democrats and Republicans alike. To those who had worked with Joni in the past, the transformation of Sound Transit came as no surprise: her career is filled with stories of suc-cessful turnarounds. 
Thanks to Joni’s careful stewardship, the 
Puget Sound region’s transit system is today on stable footing with Sound Transit rolling out new light rail and bus service. The initial por-tion of an extensive light rail system—the first of its kind in the region—was up and running by 2009; in 2016, a new light rail extension to the University of Washington is set to open months ahead of schedule and $150 million under budget. Moving forward, Sound Transit is expected to expand its light rail throughout the region, providing new transportation oppor-tunities for citizens and transforming the eco-nomic vitality of the region in the process. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize Joni Earl on her retirement from Sound 
Transit and for her lifetime of service to the Puget Sound region. It is without a doubt that her leadership and commitment to a better fu-ture of public transit will continue to impact the region for generations to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE RUCKER PRO LEG-ENDS & HOLCOMBE RUCKER PARK 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
celebrate the 50th anniversary of Holcombe Rucker Park; and the legacy, and work of The Rucker Pro Legends of Basketball fame, a dy-namic organization and an excellent commu-nity service provider. On Friday, August 14th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.045 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1845 December 18, 2015 
through Sunday, August 16th, 2015, at the na-
tionally and internationally known Holcombe Rucker Park located in the Village of Harlem, New York City; The Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce, HARLEM WEEK, The National Association of Each One Teach One, The Harlem Professionals and The New York Knicks had gathered to celebrate The Rucker Pro Legends of Basketball’s successes, years of influence, as well as their current and old talents. 
The three-day themed celebration was set 
to highlight all the great work of athletes and their years of influence. The Rucker Park 50 kicked-off on Friday, August 14th with ‘‘A Great Day For the Rucker’’ Cocktail Party re-ception at The Harlem Hospital Center’s Mural Pavilion featuring a historic group photo shoot that was taken on the Mural Pavilion Great Steps with the Rucker Pro Legends of Basket-ball and Each One Teach One Alumnus who played the game. On Saturday, August 15th, the theme featured ‘‘50 Years of Influence’’— The Rucker Legends Honored National Bas-ketball Association (NBA) Legends at Holcombe Rucker Park, located at 155th Street & 8th Avenue to 156th Street & Harlem River Drive. The National Basketball Retired Players Association (NBRPA), NBA Cares and the Police Athletic League (PAL) conducted basketball clinics for over 100 children with the Rucker Pro Legends; which featured Each One Teach One Tournament Playoff Games throughout the day with celebrity guests and entertainers connected to Rucker Park over the years in attendance. 
On Harlem Day—Sunday, August 16th, the 
theme features ‘‘50 Years of Teaching’’—Each One Teach One & New York Knicks Clinic Day at Holcombe Rucker Park. The New York Knicks and the National Association of Each One Teach One conducted clinics throughout the day. One of the clinics included the Each One Teach One Basketball Tournament Championship Games sponsored in part by State Farm Insurance Company. During this event the ‘‘50 Greatest Rucker Pro Legends of All-time’’ were announced. Some of the leg-ends that attended the 3-day celebrations were Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Julius ‘‘Dr. J’’ Erving, Nate ‘‘Tiny’’ Archibald, Tom ‘‘Satch’’ Sanders, Nevil Shed, Nancy Lieberman, World B. Free, Richard ‘‘Pee Wee’’ Kirkland, Joe ‘‘The Destroyer’’ Hammond, Dave Cowans, Bob Love, Emmette Bryant, Connie Hawkins, Ed Pinckey, Mark Jackson, Chris Mullins and many other legends of basketball and surprise guests. 
The Rucker Professional Tournament is a 
Harlem Summer Professional Basketball Tour-nament that was founded by College and NBA Legends Bob McCullough, Sr. and Fred Crawford, Sr. in 1965 to honor the passing of their mentor Holcombe Rucker. Bob’s and Fred’s main objectives were to continue 
Holcombe Rucker’s work, teachings and leg-acy and to inspire youth throughout the great-er Harlem community and beyond, which showcased professional basketball players from leagues around country to highlight the sport of basketball talent in the same vein as its creator James Naismith. Those leagues in-cluded the former American Basketball Asso-ciation (ABA), Continental Basketball Associa-tion (CBA) and the NBA. The games also fea-tured future talented High School ballers and NCAA College Division players. A basketball landmark, Rucker Park became the site of nu-merous battles between such NBA stars as Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Dr. ‘‘J’’ Julius Erving, and Walt Frazier, and such playground Legends as Herman ‘‘Helicopter’’ Knowings, Earl Manigualt, Joe ‘‘The De-stroyer’’ Hammond, ‘‘Pee Wee’’ Kirkland and Pablo Robertson of The Harlem Globetrotters. Furthermore, this renowned basketball venue has been written in such books as City Game: Basketball from the Garden to the Playground in Harlem. Foul—The Connie Hawkins Story, and Asphalt Gods: An Oral History of The Rucker Tournament. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my distin-
guished colleagues join me in recognizing the 50th anniversary of Holcombe Rucker Park and The Rucker Pro Legends of Basketball fame. The Rucker Pro Legends have posi-tively impacted basketball players and children of all ages. Their dedication to their art form; to showcase and celebrate the talents of their current, past and future peers and colleagues; and to the children is truly admirable. This three day celebration embodied all that The Rucker Pro Legends stand for; for this we should continue to honor the legacy of Holcombe Rucker and the Rucker Park Leg-ends of Basketball. 
f 
COMMENDING THE KOREAN COALI-
TION FOR POLITICAL PARTICIPA-TION FOR ITS SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-
mend the Korean Coalition for Political Partici-
pation (KCPP) for their contributions to our community. 
The 11th District of Virginia is blessed by its 
diversity. Approximately 1 in 4 residents is for-eign-born and nearly 40 percent are minori-ties. More than 100 languages are spoken in our schools, and we are home to more minor-ity-owned technology firms than anywhere else in the nation. Northern Virginia is fortunate to have one of 
the most vibrant Korean American commu-nities in the United States; approximately 32,000 Korean Americans live in the 11th Dis-trict. Nearly one-half of our foreign-born popu-lation emigrated from Asia, primarily from Korea. 
The mission of KCPP is to educate the 
community on issues of great importance and to encourage participation in the democratic process. This is particularly critical for our newer citizens. KCPP addresses this by hosting various forums and presentations to provide the tools and knowledge that will allow full participation in our American society. 
In Congress, just as I did during my tenure 
on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, I have sought out new opportunities to collabo-rate with the Korean-American community. As co-chair of the Congressional Korea Caucus, we have worked together to ensure that the U.S.-Korean alliance remains strong. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me in congratulating the Korean Coalition for Political Participation on its success and com-mending my friend, Michael Kwon, for his leadership as President of this organization. 
f 
HONORING STANBERRY HIGH 
SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 18, 2015 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I 
proudly pause to recognize the Stanberry High School football team. This is a group of very special young men who have exemplified the finest qualities of teamwork, devotion and sportsmanship by taking an active part in the classroom and on the field. These Bulldogs re-lentlessly pursued their goal and were re-warded with the Missouri 8-man high school football championship. 
The Stanberry Bulldogs defeated North An-
drew 46–42 in the Missouri 8-man champion-ship. The work and effort these young men have persevered through over the years has not only earned them numerous honors on and off the field, but also the respect of their families, classmates, and community. 
Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in 
commending the Stanberry High School foot-ball team for their accomplishments on the field and for their efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Missouri 8-man foot-ball state champions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:27 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18DE8.049 E18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1336 Friday, December 18, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendments of the House 
of Representatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2029, Con-solidated Appropriations Act. 
The House and Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 104, providing for the sine 
die adjournment of the first session of the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
First Session of the 114th Congress adjourned sine die. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S8837–S8913. 
Measures Introduced: Fifteen bills and five resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2422–2436, and S. Res. 338–342.
                                                       Page S8883 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-
tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals from the Concurrent Resolution for Fiscal Year 2016’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–197) 
Report to accompany S. 571, to amend the Pilot’s 
Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Fed-eral Aviation Administration. (S. Rept. No. 114–198) 
S. 152, to prohibit gaming activities on certain 
Indian land in Arizona until the expiration of certain gaming compacts. (S. Rept. No. 114–199) 
                                                                                    Pages S8882–83 
Measures Passed: 
Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act: Sen-
ate passed S. 2425, to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation technology and certain radi-ation therapy services, to ensure flexibility in apply-ing the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 payment adjustments.
                                                         Pages S8859–61 
Microbead Free Waters Act: Senate passed H.R. 
1321, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act to prohibit the manufacture and introduc-tion or delivery for introduction into interstate com-merce of rinse off cosmetics containing intentionally 
added plastic microbeads.
                                      Page S8861 
Electrify Africa Act: Senate passed S. 2152, to es-
tablish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub Saharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, after agreeing to the committee amendments, and the following amendment proposed thereto:
                     Pages S8861–65 
McConnell (for Corker) Amendment No. 2939, 
relating to policy to encourage the efforts of coun-tries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop power solu-tions.
                                                                                Page S8863 
Congratulating Towson University: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 338, congratulating Towson Uni-versity on the 150th anniversary of the founding of the university.
                                                             Page S8865 
Congratulating the University of Iowa College 
of Law: Senate agreed to S. Res. 339, congratulating 
the University of Iowa College of Law for 150 years of outstanding service to the State of Iowa, the United States, and the world.
                     Pages S8865–66 
GONE Act: Senate passed S. 1115, to close out 
expired grants, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agree-ing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8906–07 
Perdue (for Fischer) Amendment No. 2940, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S8907 
Congratulating the Women’s Volleyball Team of 
Wheeling Jesuit University: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 342, congratulating the women’s volleyball 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE5.REC D18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1337 December 18, 2015 
team of Wheeling Jesuit University on winning the 
Division II National Championship.                Page S8907 
Adjournment Resolution: Senate agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 104, providing for the sine die adjourn-ment of the first session of the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress.
                                                 Pages S8907–08 
Coast Guard Authorization Act: Senate passed 
H.R. 4188, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                            Page S8908 
Perdue (for Thune) Amendment No. 2941, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S8908 
Mental Health Awareness and Improvement 
Act: Senate passed S. 1893, to reauthorize and im-
prove programs related to mental health and sub-stance use disorders, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S8908–13 
Perdue (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 2942, to 
increase amounts authorized to be appropriated for youth suicide early intervention and prevention strat-egies grants.
                                                                  Page S8910 
Perdue (for Lee) Amendment No. 2943, to pro-
vide for improved reporting.                                Page S8910 
Measures Considered: 
Federal Reserve Transparency Act—Cloture : Sen-
ate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 2232, to require a full audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem and the Federal reserve banks by the Comp-troller General of the United States.
               Page S8875 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Friday, Decem-ber 18, 2015, a vote on cloture will occur at 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, January 12, 2016.
              Page S8875 
House Messages: 
Consolidated Appropriations Act: By 65 yeas to 
33 nays (Vote No. 339), Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendments of the House of Rep-resentatives to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construc-tion, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, after taking action on the following motions proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S8844–59 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 72 yeas to 26 nays (Vote No. 336), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to concur in the House amendments to the Senate amendment to the bill.
                                                                           Page S8858 By 31 yeas to 67 nays (Vote No. 337), Senate 
failed to table the first House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.
                            Page S8858 
By 73 yeas to 25 nays (Vote No. 338), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to waive all applicable sections of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and applicable budget resolu-tions, with respect to the House message to accom-pany the bill. Subsequently, the point of order that the motion to concur was in violation of section 311(a)(2)(B) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was not sustained, and thus the point of order fell.
                                                                                    Page S8859 
Appointments: 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-
view Commission: The Chair announced, on behalf 
of the Majority Leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, and in consultation with the Chairmen of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, the re-appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the United States-China Economic and Security Review 
Commission: James M. Talent of Missouri for a term expiring December 31, 2017.
                             Page S8908 
International Megan’s Law to Prevent Child Ex-ploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offend-ers—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement 
was reached providing that notwithstanding passage of H.R. 515, to protect children and others from sexual abuse and exploitation, including sex traf-ficking and sex tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to no-tify the United States when a known sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, the committee reported title amendment be agreed to.
        Page S8838 
Appointments Authority—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Senate, the President pro tempore and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make appointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamen-tary conferences authorized by law, by concurrent ac-tion of the two houses, or by order of the Senate. 
                                                                                            Page S8908 
Signing Authority—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the junior Senator from Arkansas and the junior Senator from West Virginia be authorized to sign duly en-rolled bills or joint resolutions on Friday, December 18, 2015 through Monday, January 11, 2016. 
                                                                                            Page S8908 
Pro Forma—Agreement : A unanimous-consent 
agreement was reached providing that Senate stand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE5.REC D18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1338 December 18, 2015 
adjourned pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 
104 until Monday, January 4, 2016, and pursuant to the terms of H. J. Res. 76, that on January 4, 2016, Senate convene at 12 noon for a pro forma session only with no business conducted; provided further, when Senate adjourns on January 4, 2016, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 104, it stand ad-journed until 2:00 p.m., on Monday, January 11, 2016.
                                                                                Page S8913 
Nominations Status Quo—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent agreement was reached providing that all the nominations received by the Senate during the 114th Congress, first session, remain in status quo, notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXXI, paragraph 6, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, with the exception of the nominations of Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Columbia, to be Associate Attorney General, and Cono R. Namorato, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. 
                                                                                            Page S8913 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be 
Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization. 
David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be 
an Assistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Sta-bilization Operations). 
Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Di-
rector of the United States Geological Survey. 
Carlos J. Torres, of Virginia, to be Deputy Direc-
tor of the Peace Corps. 
Shoshana Miriam Lew, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Transportation. 
Patrick Joseph Murphy, of Pennsylvania, to be 
Under Secretary of the Army.
                             Page S8913 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Morton H. Halperin, of the District of Columbia, 
to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation for a term of two years. 
Michael O. Johanns, of Nebraska, to be a Member 
of the Board of Directors of the Millennium Chal-lenge Corporation for a term of three years. 
Adam H. Sterling, of Virginia, to be Ambassador 
to the Slovak Republic. 
Dain Borges, of Puerto Rico, to be a Member of 
the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. Thavolia Glymph, of North Carolina, to be a 
Member of the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020. 
Deborah Wong, of California, to be a Member of 
the National Council on the Humanities for a term expiring January 26, 2020.
                                  Page S8913 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
Adewale Adeyemo, of California, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury, which was sent to the Senate on January 16, 2015.
                                Page S8913 
Nominations Returned to the President: The fol-
lowing nominations were returned to the President 
failing of confirmation under Senate rule XXXI at the time of the sine die adjournment of the 114th Congress: 
Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Columbia, to 
be Associate Attorney General. 
Cono R. Namorato, of Virginia, to be an Assistant 
Attorney General.
                                                      Page S8913 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S8881 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S8881 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S8881 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                            Pages S8881–82 
Executive Communications:                             Page S8882 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S8883 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S8883–85 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S8885–89 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S8879–81 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S8889–S8906 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S8906 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. 
(Total—339)                                           Pages S8858 and S8859 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned sine die, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 104, at 4:25 p.m., until 12 noon on Mon-day, January 4, 2016. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S8913.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE5.REC D18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1339 December 18, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 4290–4312; and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 104–105; and H. Res. 572–574, were in-troduced.
                                                              Pages H10710–11 
Additional Cosponsors:                             Pages H10712–13 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 3231, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to protect unpaid interns in the Federal government from workplace harassment and discrimination, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 114–383); 
S. 1172, to improve the process of presidential 
transition, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–384, Part 1); and 
Committee on Oversight and Government Re-
form. United States Secret Service: An Agency in Crisis (H. Rept. 114–385).
                        Pages H10709–10 
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016: The 
House agreed to the second portion of the divided question, comprising the amendment specified in section 3(a) of H. Res. 566 to the Senate amendment to H.R. 2029, making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote of 316 yeas to 113 nays, Roll No. 705. Consideration began yes-terday, December 17th.
                                        Page H10696 
H. Res. 566, the rule providing for consideration 
of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2029) was agreed to yesterday, December 17th. 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Wednesday, Decem-ber 16th: 
Global Health Innovation Act of 2015: H.R. 
2241, amended, to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the pro-grams, projects, and activities of the Agency. 
                                                                                          Page H10696 
United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission—Reappointment: Read a letter 
from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the following individuals to the United States-China Economic and Security Re-view Commission: Ms. Carolyn Bartholomew of Washington, DC, and Mr. Jeffrey L. Fielder of Great Falls, Virginia.
                                                          Page H10706 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:34 a.m. and re-
convened at 1 p.m.                                                  Page H10706 
Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act: The 
House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 2425, to amend title XVIII and XIX of the 
Social Security Act to improve payments for complex rehabilitation technology and certain radiation ther-apy services, and to ensure flexibility in applying the hardship exception for meaningful use for the 2015 EHR reporting period for 2017 payment adjust-ments.
                                                                    Pages H10706–07 
Adjournment Resolution: The House agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 104, providing for the sine die adjourn-ment of the first session of the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress.
                                               Pages H10707–08 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, December 22nd, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate trans-mitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 104, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution.
                           Page H10708 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and messages received from the Senate appear on pages H10697, H10706, H10708. 
Senate Referrals: S. 284 was held at the desk. S. 
2261 was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. S. 227 was referred to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. S. 2152 was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
          Page H10708 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H10696. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and at 
1:07 p.m., the House stands adjourned sine die, pur-suant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 104. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
JANUARY 4, 2016 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D18DE5.REC D18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1340 December 18, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
12 noon, Monday, January 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in pro forma 
session, and convene for the second session of the 114th Congress. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Monday, January 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: The House will meet in Pro 
Forma session at 12 noon for the convening of the second session of the 114th Congress. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1842 
Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E1825 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1837, E1844 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E1829 Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E1837 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1829 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1831 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1834 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1826, E1830, E1832, E1836, 
E1838, E1842, E1845 
Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1824 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E1829 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E1830 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1823 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1839 
Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1835, E1843 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1826, E1833, E1838, E1845 Green, Gene, Tex., E1834 Hardy, Cresent, Nev. E1824 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E1839 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1827, E1836, E1841 Keating, William R., Mass., E1825, E1829 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1835 Larson, John B., Conn., E1833 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1840 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1833, E1844 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E1823 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1832 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1834 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1843 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1830 
Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1831 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E1829 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1837, E1844 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E1830, E1840, E1844 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1823 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1839 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1826, E1834 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E1823 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1825, E1835 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1831, E1838, E1844 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1824 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1832 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1837, E1843 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Dec 19, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18DE5.REC D18DEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST